###chapter1
Chapter 1 Kicked Out 
The road was wet. It had been raining in Southdale for the whole day. 
Wynter’s backpack was disdainfully thrown out of the gate by the family’s butler, Glen Clark. 
“Ms. Quinnell, Mr. Yates will not come. Let me handle some things for him. Your biological parents are in the countryside, with the last name Quinnell. The Yates family had mistakenly thought you were their daughter. Now that Yvette has been found, we hope you will be sensible and stop contacting the Yates family,” Glen said. 
Taking out a card, Glen continued, “This is ten thousand dollars. Mr. Yates asked me to give it to you as compensation.” 1 
“I don’t need it.” Wynter didn’t even look at it. She lifted her black bag. 
Glen looked at the girl in front of him with annoyance. Wynter didn’t even want the money. Was she trying to act like she was well off? 
Tsk. Wynter didn’t even consider whether the Yates family would still want her. The Yates family had already found their biological daughter. She was just a poor village girl. She couldn’t climb up the social ladder. 
“Well then, Ms. Quinnell. Please excuse yourself!” Glen slammed the gate shut. 
Wynter ignored him. She left the Yates family with only a black bag. She had a straight and graceful posture. 
She would leave exactly the way she first arrived here. Apart from the raindrops that made her look a bit disheveled, that is.
The people upstairs saw her leaving and laughed. They did not bother to hide their conduct so she could hear. 
“She finally left.” 
“I was afraid she would stick to us and not return to the countryside.” 
Wynter paid no attention. There was a faint smile at the corner of her m*uth. 
Should she say that the Yates family didn’t know how to appreciate good things? 
Indeed, they didn’t. 
Chapter 1 Kicked Out 
Wynter nonchalantly nibbled on her fruit candy. Her beautiful eyes, her long hair, and her pale face didn’t make her look disheveled. Instead, it added a mysterious charm to her… 
At the same time, in a courtyard in Kingbourne, the Quinnell family was holding a transnational meeting. 
Fabian Quinnell sat at the top, his hand holding a dragon staff. His presence was imposing. 
“So many years have passed. There’s still no news about your sister?” Fabian asked his six grandsons. 
The six sons of the richest man in Kingbourne, the Quinnell family, were all elites. When they were in the public eye, each one of them could cause a stir in their respective circles. 
But today, they all looked dejected, with a hint of melancholy and longing in their eyes.
They had lost their seventh sister back then. She was just a little baby at that time, cute and lovely. She neither cried nor fussed. 
18 years had passed, and they had been searching for her all this time. They lost the last clue in a small mountain village. They didn’t know how she had been human trafficked. 
“Grandfather, we will continue to search. We will find her!” 
Just then, a chubby man rushed in with documents and panted. “Mr. Quinnell! We found Ms. Quinnell!” 
Fabian, who had always been calm, immediately stood up. His hands shook a bit. 
“Where is she? Arrange for someone to bring her back immediately!” he said. 
The man handed over the documents and said, “She’s in Southdale. We are still confirming the exact location.” 
“Then, set out for Southdale!” Fabian replied in excitement. “Prepare the car!” 
It was sunset in Southdale when Qynter was kicked out. She did not return to the countryside. Instead, after the rain stopped, she returned to her residence. 
It was in a rather inconspicuous neighborhood. When she parked her car, someone greeted her, “Welcome back, Wynter.” 
“I’m back.” Wynter smiled lightly. 
The fruit seller handed her an apple and said, “I haven’t seen you for half a month. No one has been looking after me. My hands tremble whenever I play chess.”
Everyone in the Harmony Community knew Wynter. Some retired officials liked chatting with her while she consulted them. 
Their seemingly ordinary appearances should not fool anyone. Secrets surrounded them, such as the chess player who once competed nationally. 
As for the rest of them, Wynter never investigated their identities. She lived here just for relaxation.
###chapter2
Chapter 2 She Hid Deeply 
“Tomorrow, at the community square, I will give acupuncture treatments to everyone,” Wynter calmly instructed. “Don’t forget to brew the medication. Don’t stay up late watching dramas. The TV show won’t be going anywhere.” 
During this time, the most popular show in the Harmony Community was some courtroom 
drama, and the elderly residents were getting a bit obsessed with it. 
Wynter’s reminder made them a bit guilty. She said, “We’ll go to bed by ten from now on.” 
In the past, it would have been unimaginable that this group of elderly residents would listen to someone so obediently. Many of them had outstanding achievements, and even their identities were kept confidential. 
The community’s director, Dom Fisher, had been eagerly waiting for the genius doctor’s 
return. Now, he finally breathed a sigh of relief and said, “Dr. Genius, I’ve been keeping an eye on your house. I didn’t let anyone get close.” 
“Thank you for your hard work,” Wynter said politely. She handed him some fruits. 
Dom happily accepted and said, “It’s not hard to do work for you, Dr. Genius. You won’t be leaving again, will you?” These people were not easily impressed by a small community 
director like him. 
“Yes.” Wynter took the keys and said, “I won’t be leaving anymore.”
He said cheerfully, “That’s great news! Dr. Genius, do tidy up. I won’t bother you for now. If you need anything, just let me know.” 
Wynter nodded. 
After Dom left, Wynter used the keys to open the lock. The lock looked quite old, and it was seemingly nothing special. 
However, after she opened the first lock, an LCD keypad was in front of her. 
“Would you like to enable iris recognition?” 
Wynter replied casually, “Yes.” 
“Iris recognition is in progress. Please wait…” 
“Iris recognition completed.” 
“Welcome home, master,” a gentlemanly electronic voice announced. It had not been 
Chapter 2 She Hid Deply 
activated for a long time. 
With a click, the iron gate opened automatically. 
The interior instantly became bright. 
On the two–meter–high bookshelf, there were medical books as well as various bottles and jars containing medicinal herbs. There were many potted plants in the living room, most of which were
herbs, each labeled. In the center of the living room was a cool black and red motorcycle–the discontinued BMW Tomahawk. 
Wynter walked over and took a bottle of mineral water from the fridge. She was about to take a sip and catch up on her drama. 
Her phone, which was charging on the table, rang with its unique ringtone. 
“Quinnell the Rich, wake up and take cases! Quinnell the Rich, wake up and take cases!” 
When it rang the third time, Wynter pressed the button to answer, “Speak.” 
“Boss, there’s a big case in Southdale. Are you interested?” 
Wynter took a sip of water and said, “What kind of case?” 
“The richest man in Kingbourne is looking for his missing granddaughter. He says she’s in Southdale and easy to find. Just some simple work, and you’ll get lots of money.” 
Wynter yawned and said, “Not interested.” 
“Wait! Boss, wait! There’s something else you like!” The voice on the other end was very eager. “It’s also a big case!” 
Wynter lazily propped up her chin and said, “Go on.” 
“The Yarwood family from Sorzada City is looking for you. They’ve offered a reward of ten million dollars for a consultation fee. As long as someone provides information leading to you, there’s also a reward. It’s a lot of money!”
“That sincere?” Wynter didn’t beat around the bush. She lightly tapped her phone. “Send me the information. I’ll take a look.” 
“Alright!” 
The next moment, the floor–to–ceiling windows turned into a projection screen, displaying the information. 
The Yardwood family was an ancient family that had existed for generations. They were never absent from protecting the country. In her memories, they used to live in the” 
Homeland Security Estate. 
In addition, the Yardwood family had sent invitations to many famous doctors for a one- week consultation period, with the venue at the local Caesar Hotel. The purpose was to see who had the ability to cure Dalton Yarwood, the head of the Yarwood family. 
As for the description of the illness, it was very brief. It only mentioned that Dalton had been weak for many years, and it was not suitable to disclose details publicly. 
It seemed like things weren’t that simple. Wynter stretched her legs and said, “I’ll take this 
case.” 
Chapter 3 Rescuing Suneonech the Street
###chapter3
Chapter 3 Rescuing Someone on the Street 
“Boss, you really do have a discerning eye! I’ll prepare the money to pay the Yardwood family now!” 
Wynter’s gaze remained indifferent as she said, “No rush. I’ll head to bed first and deal with it tomorrow.” 
Apart from making money, Wynter’s biggest interest was treating various complicated 
diseases. 
Cases like the one from the Yardwood family were quite good. In fact, she was the only one who could calmly face the arrival of the Yardwood family in Southville. 
Looking around now, all the prestigious families of Southville were in a hurry. Even families like the Yates family were busy making connections just to get an invitation from the Yardwood family. 
Rumors were circulating even in the regular resident’s circles, making this month particularly lively in Southville. 
First, the richest man in Kingbourne was looking for his granddaughter, and now the Yardwood family had come for medical consultations. 
Rumors had it that the legendary divine doctor, known as “Dr. Miracle,” had appeared in Southville, which prompted the Yardwood family’s visit. 
There were many rumors about this “Dr. Miracle,” but it was difficult to distinguish between truth and falsehood. 
With the Yardwood family’s invitation, this “Dr. Miracle” might actually appear…
The next day, in the retired courtyard, Wynter still woke up late. Like any working person, she was reluctant to leave her refreshing little house and soft bed on a hot morning. 
However, she had to earn money. 
After washing her face, she went out with just a bag and without makeup. She grabbed a public bike to avoid traffic during the morning rush hour. 
“Hello, Wynter. Heading out?” 
“Umm… Yeah.” 
Chapter 3 Rescuing Sneone the Street 
Everyone whom she passed greeted her. Wynter took a hotdog that Jacob gave her. She moved forward without a care. In no time, she blended into the traffic flow. 
Half an hour later, at the renowned Caesar Hotel in Southville, the lobby and surrounding areas bustled with activity. The high–end cars in the entire Southville had gathered here. 
In comparison, Wynter, riding a bicycle, looked particularly conspicuous. 
As she arrived, even before she could park, the security guard, Micah, approached to drive her away. 
“Go away. Where did you poor student come from? We are not open to the public today,” 
Micah said. 
Wynter propped up the bike with one leg, her gaze meeting his. Her tone was calm as she said, “I’m here to save someone.”
“You? Here to save someone?” Micah burst into laughter. “I say, little girl, you’re not that old, but you’re quite good at bragging.” 
Wynter thought for a moment, brought up the invitation page on her phone, and said, Please tell the people inside that Dr. Miracle has come to accept the invitation.” 
|| 
“Dr. Miracle? I’m also a divine doctor, then!” Micah scornfully glanced at her and said, “I’ve seen so many invitations, but I’ve never seen someone show it on their phone like you…” 
With that, he waved at Wynter dismissively and said, “Quickly leave. Don’t block the way.” 
After he finished speaking, Micah went and happily opened the door for a luxury car. He said, “Madam Gibson, Ms. Yates, you’ve arrived. I’ll quickly inform the people inside and prepare tea for you.” 
The people inside the luxury car only nodded through the window, not responding. Micah, however, was pleased, as if he had gotten a huge bonus. 
As the luxury car drove past, through the car window, Yvette inside seemed to recognize Wynter and showed a hint of hesitation. 
Madam Gibson asked, “Yvette, what’s wrong?” 
Yvette laughed softly and said, “Nothing.” 
Outside the car, Wynter’s gaze remained indifferent. She walked decisively, with a playful hint at the corner of her m*uth. 
She never expected that someone who could decide life and death with just one needle would be looked down upon like this.
Chapter 3 Rescuing Sneone the Street 
Indeed, those who experienced a loss of position and influence often faced indignity afterward. Wynter raised her l*ps slightly. 
Wynter believed that treating an illness depended on fate, and she would not treat those who only sought personal gain. 
Today, she would skip this consultation. 
Pulling out her phone, Wynter was about to send a rejection message. 
Suddenly, a scream came from the other side of the road. 
“Oh no, someone fainted!” 
In an instant, many people rushed over. 
“Oh my God! It’s a child!” 
“His face is so pale…” 
Hearing the commotion, Wynter didn’t hesitate. She stopped the bike and walked quickly toward the crowd. 
The little boy lying on the ground was only three or four years old. His forehead was wet as if he had sweated a lot.
Someone grabbed a person in a white coat and said, “Young man, you’re a doctor, right? Quickly save this child!” 
“No, I can’t do so, ma’am. The family is not here, and I dare not take the initiative.” The person in the white coat shook his head, showing disdain. “Besides, I don’t treat just anyone. 
Upon seeing this, Wynter directly pushed through the crowd. Her voice was clear, and her tone was professional as she said, “Please make way. Keep the airway open. The patient needs ventilation to cool down.” 
Perhaps it was her unquestionable presence, as the onlookers, after hearing her words, surprisingly did not question her. 
When Wynter squatted down, her fingers reached for the child’s neck. 
The nearby lady, Patricia, became a bit anxious and asked, “Little girl, you’re quite young. Can you do it?”
###chapter4
Chapter 4 Questioning Her Medical Skills? 
“Yes, young lady, it’s better to call 911 first. This child seems lost. I’ve been shouting for a while, but no one came,” an old man said. He feared that the responsibility would fall on this girl if something went wrong. 
Wynter quickly untied the little boy’s suit and found a shady place nearby. “Ladies and gentlemen, rest assured, I have a medical license.” 
She pulled her backpack as she spoke to reveal a foldable small medical box. When the box opened, rows of silver needles and various surgical knives, long and short, were neatly arranged. 
Wynter once again checked the boy’s pulse. 
“Stop!” The man in the white coat couldn’t stand it anymore. He shouted loudly, “How can you randomly give the patient injections?” 
Ignoring him, Wynter lowered her eyes. She counted the boy’s pulse and heart rate. 
The man in the white coat sneered, “I am Luke Johnson, a student from Sacred Heart Medical University, and under Madam Gibson’s guidance. I’m not an ordinary commoner. You say you have a medical license? How old are you?” 
Wynter remained indifferent. She focused on the little boy, disinfecting the needles. 
“I’m talking to you!” It was Luke’s first time being ignored. “Even the old man knows to call 911. Don’t you understand?” 
Wynter knelt on one knee, her presence both sharp and cold. “Just standing by while waiting for 911? Delaying emergency treatment? Is that how your teacher taught you?”
“Who said just to stand by and wait for 911?” Luke was irritated, disdainfully retorting, ” You’re the one delaying emergency treatment now. Taking out needles to show off. You better put away your pseudo– science of traditional medicine. Let me perform CPR for the patient.” 
Upon hearing this, Wynter glanced at him, her gaze extremely cold. 
Who would have thought such a pretty girl could be so unyielding? 
“He has heatstroke. What are you doing with CPR?” Wynter pressed the boy’s fingers. There was a chill in her voice when she said, “Incompetent doctor.” 
Luke exploded. “Who are you calling an incompetent doctor? Do you know who my mentor is?” 
Chapter 4 Questioning Her Mccal Skills? 
He had just returned from abroad with Madam Gibson and awards. This little girl dared to question his medical skills! 
“I’m not interested in knowing.” Wynter disinfected the needles, continuing her actions seamlessly. “Step aside.” 
Luke’s eyes were red with anger. “I won’t compare skills with a traditional medicine swindler like you. His l*ps are purple. It’s obviously a heart problem…” 
“Myocardial hypoxia and ischemia can stimulate respiratory function, leading to purple l*ps. Wynter met his gaze, her eyes icy. “However, heatstroke can also cause purple l*ps. The difference lies in his stable and moderate pulse. Moreover, his l*p lines are dry, clearly indicating prolonged exposure to high temperatures. You don’t even observe these medical signs, and you call yourself a student of Sacred Heart Medical University?”
“Yes, we should first observe medical signs. I’ve also learned that before,” someone chimed in. 
Others sneered. “This student from Sacred Heart Medical University doesn’t seem that great. 
“I still think the girl is reliable. I can tell she’s professional just by observing her pulse reading.” 
Luke couldn’t bear the humiliation. “Fine, even if he has heatstroke, can your few needles cure him? Then, what’s the use of us medical students?” 
“You can only speak for yourself, not for all medical students.” Wynter’s eyes were cold. “I’ll say it again: step aside.” 
She despised two types of people the most in her life: those who belittled the legacy of traditional medicine and those incompetent doctors who delayed her efforts to save lives. 
“Fine, I’ll step aside. I want to see how capable this little girl is.” Luke sneered, folding his arms. “If your needles can cure him, I’ll kneel down and call you a genius!” 
“I’ll wait for that ‘genius‘ from you,” Wynter said, facing the light. She then probed with precision and swiftly lifted her hand!
###chapter5
Chapter 5 Saving a Life with a Single Needle! 
The first needle was pierced. 
Anthony immediately furrowed his brows, struggling as if regaining consciousness. Even the small wrinkles on his forehead tightened. 
The crowd exclaimed, “He’s waking up!” 
Luke was dumbfounded, his face turning pale green. “How is this possible…” 
How did she manage it? Just one needle and the person was conscious again? 
Wynter raised her hand again, her eyes clear and calm. She pierced the second needle into his EX–UE 11 point. It was a quick stab followed by bloodletting. 
Instantaneously, Anthony opened his eyes. A pair of round, bright eyes with unnaturally long eyelashes stared quietly at Wynter. His face was pale. 
Everyone stared with widened eyes. 
Patricia couldn’t believe it. “Little girl, you just casually pierced two needles, and he’s healed?” 
Wynter gently pressed down on the needle puncture site, making sure the bleeding was sufficient. Then, she used a sterilized cotton ball to apply pressure to stop the bleeding. Ma’am, it’s not about randomly piercing two needles. The EX–UE 11 points and fingertips have the effect of clearing heat and awakening one’s vitality. His condition was caused by excessive heat, and acupuncture can treat high fever.”
“What you said sounds so convincing.” Luke sneered. “This little boy hasn’t spoken since just now. Who knows if the needle you just used caused some aftereffects?” 
Patricia was puzzled. “This boy is awake now. Why are you talking about aftereffects? Young man, aren’t you going to apologize?” 
“This has nothing to do with you.” Luke glanced at her and suddenly laughed. “I get it now. You’re in cahoots. One lures people, and the other fakes an accident. This is a collective scam. I knew you traditional medicine folks were all no good.” 
Wynter’s eyes suddenly turned cold after she heard this. She was about to raise her hand. 
Unexpectedly, Anthony spoke up, his sickly voice cold. “Traditional medicine has been a national treasure since ancient times. Sir, you’re not good at medicine. You should read more books in the future.” 
Chapter 5 Saving a Li with angle Needle! 
“You…” Luke was suddenly speechless. He had just said that the boy hadn’t been cured. Now, the boy spoke up and even criticized him. Wasn’t this a blatant slap in the face? 
Patricia laughed so hard she almost fell over. “You’re from Sacred Heart Medical University, but you’re being told to study more.” 
“There’s no point talking with you people from the lower class.” Luke sneered, his words full of arrogance. “A bunch of poor people.” 
Swoosh! Wynter flicked a silver needle from her hand, brushing past his ch*ek and piercing straight into the nearby tree.
The viciousness of her move left Luke momentarily frozen, his legs even feeling a bit weak. 
However, Wynter smiled, her elegance deliberate and unhurried. “Have you forgotten something?” 
Though she was a young girl, the hostility emanating from her overwhelmed everyone in the vicinity. 
Struggling to maintain composure, Luke asked, “What did I forget?” 
“An apology. Call me ‘genius‘.” Wynter lightly tapped her phone, exuding a bewitching beauty. 
Defiant, Luke retorted, “Who hasn’t made a diagnostic error? I don’t have time to argue with a half– baked young traditional medicine practitioner like you.” 
Unable to bear it any longer, Patricia interjected, “Is this all? Are you still Madam Gibson’s disciple? You lost to a young girl. Yet, you won’t even apologize? This medical ethics of yours…‘ 
“What’s wrong with my medical ethics?” Luke shamelessly replied. “Who can testify to what I said just now? Your entire life’s earnings wouldn’t be enough to cover Madam Gibson’s consultation fees. It’s your fortune that I’m offering free consultations. You guys have short lives and are criticizing me. You should think twice about where you are.” 
Trembling with anger, Patricia exclaimed, “Y–You!” 
Luke gave a cold snort, a look of disdain on his face. He looked like he wanted to can you do to me?” 
say, “What 
In a society governed by the rule of law, he didn’t believe this unconventional young traditional medicine practitioner would dare to lay her hands on him.
###chapter6
Chapter 6 This Child is Extraordinary 
Luke, who always looked down on ordinary people, was completely unaware that when Wynter lifted her gaze, her expression had changed. 
She had an assertive, arrogant, and fierce look! 
She nonchalantly played with her candy, then, with a flick of her fingertips! 
Bang! Luke’s knees gave way, causing him to land on the ground. 
“Ah!” The piercing pain made him instantly grimace. 
Luke struggled and tried to get up, but he found that his entire body seemed frozen. 
He couldn’t speak or move his hands. It felt like someone had given him an acupuncture. 
Wynter strolled over to him, her voice calm as she said, “As a medical student, you can’t even perform the basic observation of smelling and questioning. Yet, you dare to make your diagnosis. The title of a doctor is not for elevating yourself but for saving lives. Your medical skills are lacking, and your medical ethics are even worse. Today, I accept your kneeling as a token, considering it a clean–up on behalf of your master.” 
“You!” Luke’s eyes were filled with hatred. 
Wynter leaned close to his ear and lowered her voice. “Since you have such thick skin, kneeling in the street for an hour or two won’t hurt.” 
“What have you done to me?” Luke shouted. “I’ll call the police. Someone assaulted me!”
She chuckled slowly and said, “Who can testify? Mr. Johnson, you knelt down voluntarily. I didn’t force you.” 
“That’s right. Serves you right!” 
The onlookers felt a sense of satisfaction. 
“The young girl didn’t harm you. Stop trying to frame her!” 
Originally, Luke was the one who didn’t help initially. When Wynter saved the little boy, he mocked her. 
He said things like, “you people from the lower class“, which was shameless, and he refused to offer an apology. He really didn’t deserve to be a medical student! 
Luke really thought they were easy to mess with! He even tried to frame Wynter! 
Chapter 6 This Child is Extraordinary 
The group of older women shouted, “See! A medical student from Sacred Heart Medical University who didn’t know medicine well had to kneel in apology!” 
“Y–You people!” Luke’s face turned red, feeling humiliated. 
It was better not to mess with the enthusiastic older women in Sunrise District. 
Just a moment ago, Luke arrogantly shouted without considering where he was. 
The more people there were on the street, the deeper he buried his head in his hands. Luke wished he could find a hole to hide in, fearing someone might recognize him.
His gaze toward Wynter became increasingly sinister! 
Since they were both in the medical field, this young traditional medicine practitioner wouldn’t go far. Luke vowed that the next time he encountered this girl, he would give her a lesson! 
Wynter didn’t look at him again. If there were a next time, she wouldn’t mind taking the time to break his legs. 
Many older people wanted to get Wynter’s contact information. Witnessing her needle technique and amazing skills, they all wanted to keep in touch. 
Wynter accepted and scanned their code one by one. 
Patrícia said enthusiastically, “Young girl, your needle technique was amazing. Does someone in your family practice traditional medicine?” 
Thinking of her grandmother, who was the only one good to her in the Yates family, Wynter came up with a safe explanation and said, “Yes, my grandmother studied traditional medicine and opened a health center.” 
“No wonder. When the time comes, I will introduce clients to your family!” 
“Sure, thank you,” Wynter politely replied. She showed no airs of being “Dr. Miracle“, the one being gossiped about in the city. 
From start to finish, the little boy who had been treated watched quietly from the side, eyes sparkling with cuteness. 
his 
It was only when Wynter finished that she looked down at him. “Is your head still dizzy?”
The little boy, known as Anthony, shook his head, looking up at Wynter. “Miss, thank you for saving me. If you weren’t here today, I might not have made it.” 
Anthony’s voice was sweet, his eyes exceptionally large, and his face was fair and lovely. 
muy 
While expressing gratitude, he even bent his small body. 
“You’re called Anthony?” Wynter raised an eyebrow. “Where are your family members?” 
“They are all inside,” Anthony said, pointing behind him. 
Caesar Hotel was not a place that ordinary people could enter… 
X
###chapter7
Chapter 7 Rescued a VIP 
People started whispering. 
“The ones who came to Caesar Hotel today are all well–known figures. They are rumored to be from prestigious medical familles.” 
“Then, this little child…” 
Wynter wasn’t surprised to hear this. After all, Anthony was dressed meticulously, and even his small wristwatch was valuable. 
“Remember to bring a bodyguard next time you go out,” she advised him as she closed her 
medical kit. 
Seeing that she was about to leave, Anthony immediately hugged her leg. 
Wynter couldn’t ride her public bike anymore. She lowered her head to look at him. 
Anthony didn’t speak. He tugged at her clothing instead. He would shadow Wynter every time she took a step. If this continued, it wouldn’t be ideal. 
Wynter stopped and said, “I’ll take you back.” 
“Good!” Having achieved his goal, Anthony nodded vigorously. “I want my family to thank you properly, Miss.” 
Wynter rolled up his sleeve and said, “No need for thanks. I don’t charge consultation fees 
for children.”
“Then…” Anthony’s round eyes turned. “Miss, do you have a boyfriend?” 
Wynter stood up straight and replied, “No.” 
“Then, I’ll have my third brother propose to you to repay you, Miss!” Anthony happily laughed, using his childish fingers to count. “Although my third brother doesn’t talk much, he’s handsome and good at making money. You don’t have to be embarrassed to be seen. with him. Many women want to marry him.” 
At these words, Wynter chuckled and said, “I don’t currently have any plans to get married.” 
“Oh.” Anthony pulled his small ears in disappointment and walked dejectedly. 
When they arrived at the hotel entrance, he suddenly perked up and said, “Miss, how about you meet my third brother first? After you meet him, you can decide!” 
Anthony’s third brother’s appearance would definitely make Wynter fall for him. The man 
Chapter 7 Rescued a VIP 
was adept at using his looks to deceive people! 
Wynter smiled and said, “Does your brother know you’re promoting him like this?” 
“He’s always sick,” Anthony said seriously. “Our family hopes he can find a wife soon. Miss, with your excellent medical skills and beauty, many people would want to be your boyfriend. I just want to help my third brother.” 
She looked at his dry, pale l*ps. She then bought him a bottle of mineral water and a pack of biscuits. “Speak less. You haven’t fully recovered.”
Anthony was very obedient, accepting whatever Wynter gave him. 
He couldn’t open the mineral water by himself. He raised his small hand weakly, softly saying, “Miss, help me.” 
Vincent Jenkins, the assistant who came to pick him up, saw this scene as soon as he got out of the car. 1 
Who was she? The fake young lady kicked out by the Yates family? Why was Anthony with her? And she even helped him open a bottle? Was this… a transformation? 
There was a hint of surprise in Vincent’s eyes, but he quickly concealed his emotions. He knew Wynter, but she didn’t know him. 
Without revealing his identity to say hello, Vincent hurriedly approached and said, “Young Master Anthony! I’ve finally found you. Fortunately, you’re okay.” 
“It was Miss who saved me.” Anthony pulled Wynter’s hand, his small face stubborn, as if this was his authentic self. 
Vincent respectfully bowed in courtesy. “Thank you, Ms. Quinnell.” 
Wynter looked at him. “He already thanked me.” 
This attitude made Vincent temporarily unsure of the situation. He turned to Anthony.” Young Master Anthony, the boss arranged for someone to find you. He’s in the car now, and he hasn’t taken his medicine for the afternoon.” 
At these words, Anthony looked up in surprise as if he didn’t expect his third brother to come out personally.
The window of the Maybeck was lowered a bit, revealing a person sitting inside. The person was tall and graceful but covered his m*uth with his fist to hide his coughing. Every move exuded an air of nobility and sophistication, like a young master from a prestigious family. 
Chapter 8 The Wealthiest Heir of the Prestigious Family, Dalton Yarwood
###chapter8
Chapter 8 The Wealthiest Heir of the Prestigious Family, Dalton Yarwood 
As for how the man looked, Wynter didn’t see it. Being a medical student, she had a keen sense of the smell of medicinal herbs. The moment the car window was lowered, she caught 
a faint scent of herbs. 
Wynter was well–versed in “Shaun’s Classics of Medicinal Herbs,” and she knew that people suffering from chronic illnesses might be sensitive to light. 
Vincent urged, “Young Master Anthony, do you want to meet the boss first?” 
Anthony got distracted and said to Wynter, “Miss, wait for me here. Don’t run around, okay? 
I’ll be back soon.” 
Wynter nodded, and Anthony hurried toward the car. 
Left behind, Vincent handed over a card and said, “Thanks to Ms. Quinnell for saving our 
young master. This is a token of appreciation. Please accept it.” 
“You know my last name is Quinnell? That means you know me.” Wynter smiled playfully, her eyes hinting mischief. “You don’t seem to want to thank me. Rather, it looks like you’re in a hurry to distance yourself from me.” 
Vincent tapped his fingertip and said, “Ms. Quinnell, you’ve misunderstood.” 
“It doesn’t matter.” She glanced at Anthony. “Tell him later that I’ve left.” 
With that, she stood up from the steps, showing no intention of turning back.
Vincent breathed a sigh of relief. He was afraid that the fake young lady kicked out by the Yates family would get entangled with their young master. 
In the lingering twilight, Wynter, with her black bag in hand, had her dark hair elegantly fastened with a wooden hairpin. Now that she was bathed in the afterglow, her departure was both brisk and beautiful. 
Inside the Maybeck, Dalton tilted his head and only caught a glimpse of this scene. He 
touched Anthony’s head, his voice carrying a hint of amusement. “Is that the person who saved you?” 
“Where?” Anthony sat up straight before he panicked. “Why did she leave? Vincent!” 
Vincent approached, bowing. “Young Master Anthony.” 
“I didn’t even get Miss‘ contact information, and she promised to wait for me.” Anthony’s eyes darkened, and his tone turned chilly. “Did you drive her away?” 
Chapter 8 The Wealthiest Heir of the Prestigious Family, Dalton Yarwood 
Vincent’s whole body trembled. “Young Master Anthony…” 
In the entire city of Kingbourne, no one dared to provoke this little master. 
Anthony was different from the other children. Even though he was only four years old, he was incredibly cunning, adept at disguises, and had a cold demeanor. 
Except when the boss was around, Anthony then would obediently follow orders. 
At other times, even their subordinates feared him.
He never got close to anyone. 
So, when Anthony behaved like that with Wynter just now, Vincent was genuinely surprised. 
But considering his duties, Vincent admitted it, bowing to explain his reasoning. “Young Master Anthony, this young lady has a bad reputation. I was afraid she might have other intentions approaching you, so…‘ 
|| 
“Miss doesn’t even know me. What intentions could she have?” Anthony’s coldness intensified, “You didn’t take care of me properly, and I fainted on the roadside. I had a sudden heatstroke. If it weren’t for Miss, even if I didn’t get kidnapped by bad people, I might have died on the road. You-” 
“Anthony Yarwood.” Dalton, in the backseat, interrupted the boy’s words. He sat there. His black suit, seemingly tailor–made for him, was not wrinkled. On his wrist hung a string of bright red beads that gave off an air of cold elegance. “Don’t speak nonsense.” 
Anthony knew his third brother was angry. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have used his full name. Anthony’s small m*uth tightened. He threw himself into Dalton’s arms, his voice muffled, ” Dalton, I finally found a sister–in–law for myself. Now, it’s all gone. Miss probably doesn’t like me anymore.” 
This was even though he was on his best behavior in front of Wynter earlier. 
Dalton let out a long sigh. His fingers lifted Anthony’s small face as he said, “My lifelong matters don’t require your concern. Understand?” 
When Dalton spoke, he glanced at the driver, signaling him to start the car. 
Gradually, the rearview mirror revealed a breathtaking face. With a sharp nose, pale skin, light–colored l*ps with a hint of illness, and an elegant demeanor, who else could it be but Dalton Yarwood, the CEO
of the Yarwood Corporation? 
Chapter 9 Disdain from the Yates Family Towards Wynter 
Chapter 9 Disdain from the Yates Family Towards Wynter 
“Since you know the person who saved Anthony’s life, pick some gifts and send them to her first.” Dalton coughed lightly, his mysterious and profound gaze falling on Vincent. “In a few days, I’ll bring Anthony to personally visit her.” 
Vincent was drenched in cold sweat at being scrutinized by their boss. He quickly responded, “Yes, boss!” 
Finding Ms. Quinnell was relatively easy, considering her relationship with the Yates family. She would have to give them some deference. 
Vincent’s imagination was lovely, but little did he know that the current Wynter did not want to see anyone from the Yates family. It would bring back too many bad memories. 
Unfortunately, the Yates family members were eager to approach her–just like now. 
After Wynter dropped off Anthony, she was about to ride her bike back when a familiar voice came from her side. 
“Why are you here?” 
The speaker was her adoptive mother, Wanda Scott. Her tone was full of disdain. It was so much so that she couldn’t even be bothered to call Wynter by her name. 
Wynter glanced over, and a group of people stood not far away.
In addition to her adoptive father, Ewan Yates, there was also the Scott family. The recently brought back Yvette Yates was also there, acting like a precious star surrounded by a group of admirers. 
Yvette Yates was whispering something to an elderly person she was supporting. The elderly person seemed quite satisfied with Yvette. She patted Yvette’s hand gently, exuding an elegant and harmonious atmosphere. 
Wanda clearly didn’t want the people behind her to see Wynter. Wanda blocked Wynter, saying, “I’m asking you a question. Why are you here?” 
Wanda tried her best to hide her annoyance, but her tone still betrayed her. 
“Wynter, we told you yesterday that your biological parents are in the countryside. What are you doing at Caesar Hotel with us?” 
She thought Wynter had followed them, sneaked around, and waited outside for them to 
come out. 
Chapter 9 Disdain from the Yates Family Towards Wynter 
“If ten thousand dollars isn’t enough for you, I’ll give you more later.” 
Wanda’s restrained gaze fell on Wynter, who was opposite her. Wynter was dressed in the most ordinary T–shirt and jeans. She had no makeup and carried her backpack loosely on her shoulders. 
After leaving the Yates family, was this how she dressed? 
Was she so poor?
Wanda took a deep breath, lowering her voice. “I know you don’t want to go back to the countryside, especially after living a comfortable life. But we have no obligation to support you anymore. I have a card here with fifty thousand dollars. Take it and leave quickly.” 
Wynter, observing Wanda’s anxious attempts to distance herself, lazily supported herself on the handlebars. She lifted her eyes slightly and was about to speak. 
“Who is this, Wanda? Do you know her?” An elderly woman, Hilda, walked over. She eyed Wynter with scrutiny and suspicion. 
Wanda quickly said, “She’s a distant relative. I just happened to run into her. I thought she was quite young, so I wanted to help her.” 
“Hmm.” Hilda nodded in satisfaction, then looked at Yvette. “You are fortunate to have given birth to such a good daughter.” 
Yvette looked at her with innocent eyes and hesitated to speak. In the end, she said nothing and only lowered her eyes tenderly. “My mother often taught me to help others. This is also the foundation of medicine.” 
“Exactly.” Hilda expressed more approval, pointing to Ewan. “You are blessed to have a good daughter.” 
Ewan, who had been wondering whether to disclose Wynter’s identity, decided not to. 
Now, after listening to Hilda’s words, he did not hesitate and said, “Yvette learned it well.” 
Yvette was unlike the fake one who did not know how to behave appropriately. 
Ewan walked over to Wanda and said, “Since I’m here, head in first. You don’t need to worry about the affairs of relatives.”
Wanda looked at Wynter. Then, she sighed deeply. “You should persuade Wynter. She is a difficult one.‘ 
On the surface, Wanda looked compassionate, but her eyes revealed that Wynter did not belong there and should leave quickly.
###chapter9
Chapter 9 Disdain from the Yates Family Towards Wynter
"Since you know the person who saved Anthony's life, pick some gifts and send them to her first." Dalton coughed lightly, his mysterious and profound gaze falling on Vincent. "In a few days, I'll bring Anthony to personally visit her."
Vincent was drenched in cold sweat at being scrutinized by their boss. He quickly responded, "Yes, boss!"
Finding Ms. Quinnell was relatively easy, considering her relationship with the Yates family. She would have to give them some deference.
Vincent's imagination was lovely, but little did he know that the current Wynter did not want to see anyone from the Yates family. It would bring back too many bad memories.
Unfortunately, the Yates family members were eager to approach her-just like now.
After Wynter dropped off Anthony, she was about to ride her bike back when a familiar voice came from her side.
"Why are you here?"
The speaker was her adoptive mother, Wanda Scott. Her tone was full of disdain. It was so much so that she couldn't even be bothered to call Wynter by her name.
Wynter glanced over, and a group of people stood not far away.
In addition to her adoptive father, Ewan Yates, there was also the Scott family. The recently brought back Yvette Yates was also there, acting like a precious star surrounded by a group of admirers.
Yvette Yates was whispering something to an elderly person she was supporting. The elderly person seemed quite satisfied with Yvette. She patted Yvette's hand gently, exuding an elegant and harmonious atmosphere.
Wanda clearly didn't want the people behind her to see Wynter. Wanda blocked Wynter, saying, "I'm asking you a question. Why are you here?"
Wanda tried her best to hide her annoyance, but her tone still betrayed her.
"Wynter, we told you yesterday that your biological parents are in the countryside. What are you doing at Caesar Hotel with us?"
She thought Wynter had followed them, sneaked around, and waited outside for them to come out.
"If ten thousand dollars isn't enough for you, I'll give you more later."
Wanda's restrained gaze fell on Wynter, who was opposite her. Wynter was dressed in the most ordinary T-shirt and jeans. She had no makeup and carried her backpack loosely on her shoulders.
After leaving the Yates family, was this how she dressed?
Was she so poor?
Wanda took a deep breath, lowering her voice. "I know you don't want to go back to the countryside, especially after living a comfortable life. But we have no obligation to support you anymore. I have a card here with fifty thousand dollars. Take it and leave quickly."
Wynter, observing Wanda's anxious attempts to distance herself, lazily supported herself on the handlebars. She lifted her eyes slightly and was about to speak.
"Who is this, Wanda? Do you know her?" An elderly woman, Hilda, walked over. She eyed Wynter with scrutiny and suspicion.
Wanda quickly said, "She's a distant relative. I just happened to run into her. I thought she was quite young, so I wanted to help her."
"Hmm." Hilda nodded in satisfaction, then looked at Yvette. "You are fortunate to have given birth to such a good daughter."
Yvette looked at her with innocent eyes and hesitated to speak. In the end, she said nothing and only lowered her eyes tenderly. "My mother often taught me to help others. This is also the foundation of medicine."2
"Exactly." Hilda expressed more approval, pointing to Ewan. "You are blessed to have a good daughter."
Ewan, who had been wondering whether to disclose Wynter's identity, decided not to.
Now, after listening to Hilda's words, he did not hesitate and said, "Yvette learned it well." Yvette was unlike the fake one who did not know how to behave appropriately.
Ewan walked over to Wanda and said, "Since I'm here, head in first. You don't need to worry about the affairs of relatives."
Wanda looked at Wynter. Then, she sighed deeply. "You should persuade Wynter. She is a difficult one.'
On the surface, Wanda looked compassionate, but her eyes revealed that Wynter did not belong there and should leave quickly.
###chapter10
Chapter 10 Wynter Embarrasses the Yates family 
Leaning against the bike with her legs, Wynter casually looked over. She exuded a strong presence that demanded attention. 
Ewan glanced at her. He held back his irritation as he shoved the bank card into her hand. Then, he said lowly, “Wynter, take the money and go.” 
Today was Yvette’s apprenticeship in medicine, and he didn’t want any unforeseen incidents. 
Wynter was initially lounged casually and unimpressed. She couldn’t help but smirk at his words. 
Fifty thousand? Offering assistance? Taking the money and leaving? 
The Yates family seemed eager to cast her as a penny–pinching “poor relative” at any cost. 
Just when everyone thought Wynter would take the card and leave, she surprised them all. In one swift motion, she tossed the bank card back at him, decisive and precise! 
The crowd froze. 
Wanda couldn’t contain herself, screaming, “What are you doing! We’re trying to help you. Don’t take advantage!” 
“Help me?” Wynter propped her chin. She was smiling softly. “Ms. Scott, I’m not interested in acting out your drama. 
“Mr. Yates, you should keep this money for Ms. Scott. After all, she seems quite demanding as a mistress.” 
“You! You…” Wanda’s chest heaved with anger, nearly causing her to say things she shouldn’t have.
Ewan clenched his fists, his anger barely restrained. If not for the presence of others, he might have acted. 
Wanda wasn’t Ewan’s first wife. He came to the city for business and caught Wanda’s eye, leading to their passionate relationship. 
Noticing the Scott family’s influence in Southdale, Ewan abandoned his wife back home on the outskirts to marry Wanda. However, nobody would openly admit to these facts. 
Wynter’s words ruined Ewan and Wanda’s lovey–dovey image! How could they have underestimated Wynter’s resilience and strength? 
Chapter 10 Wynter Embarrasses the Yates family 
The expressions of everyone present darkened. Even Hilda furrowed her brows, unaware of the situation. 
Yvette, who had been brought back to the family, knew the truth behind the situation. Being smart, she understood that it wasn’t the right time for Wynter to continue speaking. 
She gently said, “Dad, Mom, it’s dinner time. Let’s go inside.“, 
Yvette’s words snapped Ewan and Wanda back to reality. 
Ewan knew how to create a good image in public. 
He looked at Wynter and said, “Considering where you’re from, you lack sophistication. We won’t engage with you at that level.”
Then, he turned to Wanda and remarked, “Be more cautious when helping others in the future, lest your kindness be mistaken.” 
Wanda’s hostility was evident as she continued to gaze at Wynter. 
Wynter held Wanda’s gaze, her stunning appearance and enigmatic eyes leaving others puzzled. 
Wanda was almost losing her composure again due to her attitude. 
“Mom, don’t be upset over an outsider,” Yvette remarked, linking her arm with Wanda’s. ” Madam Gibson has a relaxed demeanor. She won’t lose her temper over some rumor.” 
This was a gentle reminder for Wanda to stay composed without risking her image. 
Wanda quickly got it, sighing. “I’ve totally screwed up by trying to help.” 
Yvette reassured her, “Mom, you’re not wrong. Nowadays, people have big egos. Handing a bank card directly might make sensitive folks feel disrespected.” 
Was she implying Wynter was too needy? Wynter looked at them. 
Yvette was quite sneaky. Yet, earlier in the morning, she had seen Wynter through the car window, knowing she was here to treat someone. Had Yvette already forgotten?
###chapter11
Chapter 11 She Will Beg Them in the Future 
Yvette continued in a gentle tone, “Wynter, I apologize for my mom’s behavior. Since you don’t want money, then it’s best not to be involved with the Yates family any longer. 
“You can handle yourself. Mom’s pushy ways might just bruise your ego more.” 
Her well–mannered words drew much admiration. The people around glanced at her and then at Wynter, sensing a contrast between them. 
Yvette was kind–hearted, while Wynter seemed to take advantage and had a negative attitude. People behind Hilda shook their heads. 
Observing this, Wynter smiled lightly. She seemed to understand everything. 
Yvette, however, avoided Wynter’s gaze. For some reason, she felt a bit uneasy about Wynter’s unconventional behavior today. 
Was it because the Yates family kicked her out? So, she held a grudge and wanted to get back at them? 
Just three months ago, she was obedient and submissive. Now, it was like she had lost her mind, saying whatever came to her. 
Yvette couldn’t figure it out. The Yates family had been raising Wynter for over ten years. What more did she expect? Did she really consider herself a heiress? How could that be possible? 
Yvette felt guilty and looked down on Wynter. However, she hid her disdain well and even spoke softly.
“Yve is right,” Hilda said with a smile. “Psychological classes also discuss the psychological gaps of teenagers, especially those from small towns, who are more concerned about others‘ opinions and may not distinguish good intentions.” 
Then, Hilda turned her gaze toward Wynter and added, “Since you’ve come to the big city, let go of your grievances and take a good look around.” 
Wynter listened with interest and suddenly asked an unrelated question. “Are you that Madam Gibson, who claims to cure all diseases?” 
Hilda was displeased with her attitude. “Yes, that’s me. Why?” 
“I’d advise you something. Misjudging people is one thing, but failing to educate your students properly and allowing them to treat people recklessly is a bigger issue.” Wynter’s tone was composed. “Right over by the traffic lights, your student is still kneeling. Would 
Chapter 11 She Will Beg Them in the Future 
you care to take a look?” 
Hilda’s face was full of disbelief. “No way, my student wouldn’t…” 
Before she could finish her words, a guy dressed like a medical student ran over. “Madam Gibson, it’s bad! I’m not sure why Luke’s on his knees in the street, and he can’t get up!” 
Hilda’s expression froze. The elegance she had moments ago disappeared, leaving an awkward atmosphere. 
Hilda was losing her dignity. Her complexion changed, and she headed toward the traffic lights.
Before leaving, she glanced at Wynter with an enigmatic expression. It was as if Wynter harbored a grudge. 
Wynter didn’t care much. Hilda was just from the Gibson family with a bad character and limited perspective. Hilda shouldn’t be practicing medicine. 
Curing all diseases? Taking students everywhere, turning the practice of medicine into a marketplace for fame and profit, and teaching a bunch of useless individuals, huh? 
If she hadn’t shown up, the Gibson family would just exploit her achievements. It looked like she needed to look for a replacement. 
However, as Wanda followed Hilda and saw Wynter offend even Madam Gibson, she 
couldn’t help but feel amused inwardly. 
This clueless girl never left the countryside and didn’t realize she meant nothing without the Yates family. 
Now, she had just offended someone powerful in Southdale. She’ll be begging them in the future! 
Chapter 12 The Quinnell Family Come to Fetch Someone 
Chapter 12 The Quinnell Family Come to Fetch Someone
###chapter12
Chapter 12 The Quinnell Family Come to Fetch Someone 
As there was no one else, Evan did not give Wynter a friendly look. “Starting today, we’ll treat you like we never raised you. It’s over between us!” 
Wynter didn’t respond. She couldn’t be bothered with this family anymore. 
Dom Fisher rode his scooter to find Wynter. He wasn’t pleased, so he stopped and frowned. ” Hey, why are you being rude to Wynter?” 
Wynter, known as a genius doctor, always kept a low profile. When outside the community, she only went by Wynter. 
Dom almost sl*pped up just now. 
Ewan misunderstood and looked at Dom. “Is that your biological dad? Riding a crappy scooter?” 
He couldn’t even afford a car. It was no surprise Wynter had no dignity anymore. The man was from the outskirts and still wore his outdated attire in this day and age. 
Ewan’s disdain was clear. 
Dom was slow to catch up with the situation. Him? Wynter’s biological dad? 
His eyes widened. He wanted to be the genius doctor’s biological father, but he wasn’t 
worthy. 
If his son had half the skill of the genius doctor, he’d be laughing in his sleep! 
Ewan ignored his reaction, smirked, then turned away. He signaled the security guard with his eyes.
With his position, he couldn’t engage in arguments with ordinary people. It would be 
beneath him! 
The security guard bowed and let him in. 
After Ewan entered the lobby, the security guard turned and pointed at Wynter and Dom, sounding rude. “Why are you staring? I said this isn’t your place. Why keep trying?” 
Dom chuckled and flashed his work ID. 
Even the dumbest security guard could read the badge. His knees buckled. “I didn’t know you were the director. I’ll…” 
Dom glanced at him and remarked, “Caesar Hotel should be checked since it is a city hotspot. 
Chapter 12 The Quinnell Family Come to Fetch Someone 
One sentence sent shivers down the security guard’s spine, “Mr. Fisher, L…” 
The big shot unexpectedly turned to the little girl and said kindly, “Dr. Genius, I’ll handle 
this.” 
Wynter remained calm and gestured her agreement. 
“Dr. Genius?” The security guard turned pale at the sound of that title, Whom did he stop? Did the director even call her a genius doctor? 
Didn’t Ms. Scott mention that this little girl was just a distant, impoverished relative of theirs? 1
The security guard thought, ‘Oh, no, it’s all over!‘ 
He realized he was in trouble, slumping to the ground in regret. 
Dom summoned the hotel manager, who swiftly escorted the security guard away after a 
brief conversation. 
He wasn’t surprised to see Wynter here. “Dr. Genius, are you here to see Mr. Yarwood?” 
“Yes, but not anymore,” Wynter replied casually. 
Dom didn’t inquire further. He smiled and suggested, “If you’re not seeing him, shall we 
head back? 
“It’s time for the medical consultation. Jackson Munn and the others are waiting for you at the community square. It’s really hot out. I’m worried they might get heatstroke.” 
He whispered, “Dr. Genius, there’s a bunch of folks from Havenlight County in the community, claiming they’re here to see you. They don’t seem familiar, so I held them off for you.” 
Havenlight County? It sounded familiar. The Yates family mentioned it when they kicked her out. 
Wynter pondered for a moment and smiled lightly. “Mr. Fisher is thoughtful. If they come next time, let them in. It might be my biological parents looking for me.” 
It was no big deal where they were from anyway. After all, Wynter was rich. 
But Dom was shocked. “Biological parents?”
With such a large group of people, it was quite a sight. They were all good–looking, tall guys, about six feet tall, escorting an older man. 
Chapter 12 The Quinnell Family Come to Fetch Comeone 
At first glance, they seemed well–off. Were they the genius doctor’s family?
###chapter13
Chapter 13 The Yates Family Underestimated Wynter 
“I thought they were here for medical consultation,” muttered Dom. 
Wynter didn’t dwell on it. She sent a quick message declining the case. 
Many people had been coming to the community looking for medical help lately, some even from nearby cities and counties. 
It wasn’t surprising that Dom thought so, especially considering her biological parents were in Havenlight County. 
“Mr. Fisher, let’s head back. We don’t want Jackson and the others waiting too long,” Wynter suggested. 
“Alright.” Dom nodded with a smile. With few words exchanged, a beautiful misunderstanding bore its seeds. 
Outside the Harmony Community, members of the Quinnell family were extremely anxious. The Quinnell scions all had commitments and could only leave. 
Mr. Quinnell Senior sat in the SUV with a Kingbourne license plate, his expression grim.” Wasn’t it said that my little princess lives here? Why does everyone here claim they don’t know her?” 
“I’ll double–check!” Ryan Lloyd, a chubby man, wiped his forehead nervously as sweat trickled down. “Folks from Havenlight County say the Yates family might have mistaken Ms. Quinnell. I’ve sent someone to ask. Ms. Quinnell might still be with the Yates family.” 
Fabian raised his eyebrow, his tone oppressive. “Sent someone?”
“I’ll go myself! Right away!” Ryan shivered and got out of the car immediately. 
Fabian coughed heavily in frustration. 
In recent years, Fabian’s health had worsened due to his longing for his granddaughter, exacerbated by a trip to Havenlight County that resulted in a lung infection. 
The accompanying Quinnell family physician, Alec Hunter, advised, “Mr. Quinnell, your health can’t wait any longer. You need to be admitted to the hospital right away. 
“If you prefer not to return to Kingbourne, we can stay in Southdale for now. Mr. Lloyd is watching the Harmony Community, and news about Ms. Quinnell will definitely reach us.” 
Initially, Fabian disagreed. But when he started running a fever, the Quinnell family driver didn’t hesitate to drive away from the Harmony Community! 
Chapter 13 The Yates Family Underestimated Wynter 
Inside the car, nobody noticed that, at that very moment, a girl riding a bike happened to pass by them. 
“Wynter, you’re finally back!” Susan Perry, the fruit vendor at the community entrance, spotted Wynter locking her bike and hurried over. 
“Did Domie tell you? A group of suspicious people came looking for you,” said Susan. 
Outside, Dom was addressed as “Mr. Fisher“. 
But to Susan, he was just a resident in the community, treating him no differently from anyone else.
Wynter didn’t mind. She simply raised her hand to check Susan’s pulse. She smiled as she remarked, “So, Mr. Fisher came all the way for this on his scooter.” 
“He’s still got it,” Susan praised Dom proudly. 
Dom felt touched by Susan’s praise. He looked at Wynter gratefully and said, “Susan is right. It’s just what I should do. Feel free to look for me if Dr. Genius needs anything in the future.” 
Wynter graciously accepted the invitation. “Thank you, Mr. Fisher. I appreciate it.” 
The kind of mutual assistance among neighbors was what strengthened relationships. 
If Wynter had been standoffish, Dom might have only helped her because of Susan. Wynter was generous, returning kindness and speaking positively about Dom in front of Susan. 
From the beginning, Dom saw great potential in this genius doctor, and now he admired her 
even more. 
How many young people were as capable as her today? That man from the hotel earlier underestimated her, truly unable to recognize her worth! 
At Caesar Hotel, Ewan sneezed while answering a call. His brows furrowed. “What? People from Havenlight County are here?”
###chapter14
Chapter 14 Genius Doctor Helps People in Need 
“Indeed, Mr. Yates. They asked specifically for Wynter and want to know where she is now,” said Glen Clark, the butler who had driven Wynter out on the first day. 
Ewan, feeling irritated at the memory of the shabby scooter, grumbled, “No wonder they refused the money earlier. Probably thought it was too little and wanted to get more benefits from us!” 
“These folks have no shame!” Glen growled. “I’ll kick them out. Dealing with these freeloaders is my specialty!” 
Ewan considered and remarked, “Let’s not make it too unsightly. The Yates family has its reputation to uphold justice.” 
“Rest assured. I understand,” Glen replied. 
After hanging up the phone, Ewan returned to the banquet, thinking about the upcoming alliance with the Gibson family. 
With the Gibson family’s reputation in the medical field, he would surely gain access to the Yarwood family, paving the way for his career advancement. 
At such a critical moment, he couldn’t be bothered with dealing with Wynter. It was 
ridiculous! 
Not personally going back to check on Dom, who had come to find someone, would later become the biggest regret of Mr. Yates‘ life! 
In the evening, at the Harmony Community.
Wynter had already begun her free medical consultation, with a steady stream of people seeking medical assistance. She barely had time to take a sip of water. 
However, her phone had been buzzing incessantly. 
When Wynter opened the messages, there was a stack of them. 
“Boss, why did you decline the Yarwood family’s case?” 
“Boss, I told my family you’d come.” 
“Boss, is everything okay?” 
“Boss…” 
Annoyed by the constant interruptions, Wynter freed up a hand to reply, “I went there, but 
Chapter 14 Genius Doctor Helps People in Need 
the security guard wouldn’t let me in.” 
“Security guard?” Abel Lopez, the young master of the Lopez family, couldn’t believe a mere security guard would thwart his major issue. 
Humbling himself, he pleaded, “Boss, where are you? I’ll drive over to pick you up!” 
“No need. I’m at the clinic. It’s inconvenient to leave,” Wynter replied, siping water. 
Abel paced anxiously. “Boss, for the sake of our relationship, please come again. I beg you.”
“Abel, you know my principles. I don’t treat those who seek profit.” Wynter messaged before switching off her phone screen. 
Looking at Gavin Colt, the elderly man seeking treatment, Wynter focused intently. “What seems to be the problem?” 
“My arm. I can’t raise it,” replied Gavin, obviously from the county. 
People knew this genius doctor treated patients regardless of their background during her Sunday clinics, offering free medical consultations. 
Wynter palpated Gavin’s shoulder. “You caught a chill, and your bones seem a bit porous. Sleeping in the same position for too long can cause this. You should avoid high pillows and try to move around more.” 
“Is that all? No X–rays or surgeries?” Gavin’s eyes widened in disbelief. 
“For minor issues, there’s no need for surgery,” Wynter chuckled. “Extend your arm.” 
Following her instructions, Gavin watched in amazement as Wynter applied pressure to a point on his arm and lifted it upward. 
Before Gavin could react, Wynter said, “Try it now.” 
“It’s better! It’s really better!” Gavin waved his arm, unable to believe it. “I can lift it now!” 
The people in the community had long become accustomed to Wynter’s miraculous medical skills. 
Gavin’s tears welled up as he tightly grasped Wynter’s hand. “Doctor, thank you! I’ve been to many big hospitals, and even Madam Gibson said I needed surgery to fix my arm.
“Being from a small town, we don’t have much money. I thought if it didn’t work out today, I’d give up on treatment. Thank goodness I met you! You’re an angel saving the suffering!” 
Chapter 15 Spread the Message and Blacklist the Gibson Family 
1
###chapter15
Chapter 15 Spread the Message and Blacklist the Gibson Family 
Gavin was passing by and decided to give it a shot when he saw people receiving treatment. 
He never expected to get better, let alone feel like kneeling, when he learned that Wynter didn’t charge a penny. 
Wynter stopped him and wiped his hands. “Mr. Colt, your condition isn’t severe. It’s just a routine bone alignment. This is something any traditional medicine practitioner can treat.” 
“Routine bone alignment?” Gavin looked puzzled. “But Dr. Gibson said I needed surgery, and it would cost a million.” 
A million? The people around him frowned at the vast number. For ordinary folks, it was overwhelming. 
“What is Dr. Gibson doing? Exploiting people?” Susan was the first to express dissatisfaction. As leaders, they were most concerned about the people’s welfare. 
Others chimed in, directing their frustration at Dom. “Domie, you need to handle this properly!” 
Dom wiped his sweat. “I–I’ll try my best.” After all, he wasn’t from a medical background. 
“A million for what kind of surgery?” 
“There’s definitely corruption involved!” 
Gavin was perplexed. “Corruption? Isn’t Dr. Gibson the best doctor in Southdale? People from our county say getting an appointment with her is tough. 
“My son lined up for three days to get me one. I saw many people outside the hospital waiting to consult her. Would such a doctor engage in corruption?”
Dom sighed. “Can’t blame you for asking. The Gibson family is indeed the foremost among the four prominent medical families in Southdale. They are unparalleled in treating illnesses. Especially in the past six months, they’ve cured many terminal patients.” 
“That’s what I’m saying.” Gavin chuckled foolishly. “The Gibson family wouldn’t deceive 
me.” 
Susan was even more pissed. “They’re bullying honest folks!” 
“You’ve forgotten what I told you.” Wynter raised her gaze to Susan. “Don’t get angry.” 
Susan turned away. “I’m just annoyed. You see, this…” 
Chapter 15 Spread the Message and Blacklist the Gibson Family 
“Forgetting one’s roots will inevitably lead to retribution.” Wynter’s voice remained calm and unwavering. Her face remained stunningly beautiful, revealing nothing. 
Only those familiar with her knew that the quieter the “Dr. Miracle,” the more dangerous 
she was. 
She had been too easygoing lately, causing some to forget the prestige of the Heavenly 
Medical Guild. 
Gavin’s condition was clearly a basic ailment associated with old age. Such symptoms were unmistakable even to ordinary doctors, yet the Gibson family recommended surgery.
Susan and the others were right. There was medical corruption at play. 
They take advantage of regular, clueless folks, prescribing medications recklessly and scamming them out of their money. 
Wynter curled her l*ps. There was a hint of coldness in her eyes. Without hesitation, she unlocked her phone while no one was paying attention to her. 
In the medical field, there existed a dark web known to few, populated by medical elites. 
Upon logging into the dark web, Wynter posted a message. 
“Starting today, the Heavenly Medical Guild will no longer provide any medical assistance to the Gibson family, including but not limited to medical books, secret formulas, and Zenith 
herbs. 
“The dark web hereby blacklists the Gibson family, and the Heavenly Medical Guild will no longer entertain inquiries from them. Any violators will be permanently ousted from the Heavenly Medical Guild.” 
This message was posted from her “Dr. Miracle” account. 
The entire dark web was in an uproar as soon as it was released! 
Heavenly Medical Guild Bear: “Noted.” 
Heavenly Medical Guild Jaguar: “I’ll send out the notification immediately.” 
“Dr. Miracle” usually adhered to a certain etiquette in their actions. How could the person be so persistent in ousting the Gibson family from the dark web? Even the Heavenly Medical Guild refused to
entertain their inquiries. 
What had the Gibson family done to offend them? What was it that warranted the Heavenly Medical Guild blacklisting them? Could the Gibson family still survive in the medical field?
###chapter16
Chapter 16 The Gibson Family Regrets Endangering Lives 
If not the Gibson family, which family would be chosen in Southdale to provide medical assistance? 
With such expectations in mind, other prestigious families sent private messages to Wynter. 
Among them, Abel stood out the most. He wrote, “Boss, you’re wise. You should have partnered with someone else long ago. It’s finally our turn, the Lopez family, to bask in wealth and glory!” 
Wynter didn’t respond to any of these messages. 
After issuing the ousting order, she turned off her phone and continued free medical 
consultations. 
No one could have imagined that the little girl providing medical care on the roadside square 
would wield such influence over the affairs of Southdale! 
At that moment, Hilda, as referred to by Gavin, was conducting an apprentice ceremony in a private room at Caesar Hotel. 
Despite encountering a troublesome little girl earlier in the day, the Yates family behaved appropriately, reassuring her. 
At the dinner table, Wanda, trying to please, said, “Yve, quickly offer Madam Gibson some 
tea.” 
Yvette, showing respect to Hilda, gave a curtsy and presented the tea, saying, “Madam Gibson, here’s your tea.”
Hilda looked pleased. “You are my apprentice now. We’ll visit whichever hospital we want, and I’ll introduce you around.” 
Upon hearing this, Wanda and Ewan were overjoyed. 
Just as everyone was about to raise their glasses to celebrate, suddenly, someone stumbled 
into the room! 
The 
person said, “Madam Gibson, we’ve got bad news!” 
Hilda was displeased. “Just say it.” 
The person handed over their phone, struggling to speak. “Heavenly Medical Guild has ousted the Gibson family.” 
Chapter 16 The Gibson Family Regrets Endangering Lives 
“What?” Hilda’s face turned pale instantly. She lost her grip. The scalding tea spilled, burning Yvette’s skin and causing her brow to furrow in pain. 
“Madam Gibson?” Yvette was uneasy, calling out softly. 
Hilda was unable to care about her at the moment. 
She grabbed the phone. Upon seeing the ousting order issued by Wynter, she felt lightheaded and overwhelmed. Unable to stand, she collapsed into her chair.
“How is this possible? Why would this happen?” It came out of nowhere without any warning. 
“Who did this?” she shouted at the medical students, her hair disheveled and her elegance 
gone. “Who offended Heavenly Medical Guild?” 
The medical students shook their heads in confusion. “Madam Gibson, we don’t know what 
Heavenly Medical Guild is. What’s happening?” 
Hilda, in her panic, forgot that only medical elites would be aware of Heavenly Medical Guild. 
Each year, Heavenly Medical Guild would provide medical assistance to major hospitals and prestigious families. 
The Gibson family’s dominance over the other three major medical families in the past year was largely attributed to the influence of the Heavenly Medical Guild. 
Such information was inaccessible to ordinary medical students and regular families. 
Now, the Heavenly Medical Guild had ousted the Gibson family. 
What would happen to the Gibson family in the future? Hilda trembled and dared not to imagine. 
How could she, being so arrogant, ever imagine that the reckless little girl she disregarded would be the downfall of the Gibson family? 
Even now, she couldn’t understand how the Gibson family, which had always revered Heavenly Medical Guild, could be blacklisted.
Could Heavenly Medical Guild have discovered something about the recent activities of the Gibson family in hospitals? 
How could that be? They had always been careful, targeting only poor people without connections. How could Heavenly Medical Guild find out? 
Wanda saw her expression change and stepped forward to comfort her. “Madam ‘Gibson… 
Chapter 16 The Gibson Family Regrets Endangering Lives 
It’s just a minor faction. Everyone knows the Gibson family’s reputation in Southdale. Don’t worry.” 
Hilda wanted to retort. “A minor faction? You don’t know anything. Do you even know where the Heavenly Medical Guild is located? It’s In Kingbourne! 
“The Heavenly Medical Guild, established 100 years ago, treated so many people during the chaos in 1911 AD!” 
Chapter 17 Ryan Recognized Wynter
###chapter17
Chapter 17 Ryan Recognized Wynter 
However, she held back. Hilda’s shrewdness made it unlikely for her to reveal the Gibson family’s imminent collapse to everyone. 
What she needed to do now was to stabilize these lesser–known families. 
“You’re correct.” Hilda agreed. “The Gibson family’s reputation in the medical field has been evident for years. However, on such a celebratory occasion, it seems unfortunate.” 
Ewan, being in business, found such matters somewhat mysterious. 
However, Wanda feared Yvette’s apprenticeship might fall through and kept praising Hilda. ” Absolutely! Madam Gibson has won awards even abroad. Back in the country and treat everyone!” 
Hilda didn’t mention that the targeted drug analysis she won abroad was provided by Heavenly Medical Guild. 
Instead, she sighed. “Wanda, be discreet. The Gibson family also has its shortcomings. For example, when treating Mr. Yarwood, we lacked a medicinal herb, the Zenith herb. Otherwise, we wouldn’t have had to resort to other families.” 
“Zenith herb?” Yvette casually mentioned, “Dad, I remember Grandma has a lot of 
medicinal herbs, and there’s also a medical book.” 
Upon seeing Yvette so knowledgeable, Hilda was surprised and asked, “Ewan, does the Yates family have those?” 
Ewan looked embarrassed. “Those are just old junk. Nothing valuable.”
“Not valuable? Does a poor old lady cherish worthless things so much?” Wanda sneered. 
Ewan pulled her, indicating that she should be mindful of the occasion. 
However, Hilda’s eyes lit up. “Forget it. The Gibson family won’t covet others‘ treasures. It’s just that this invitation to treat the Yarwood family may be lacking…” 
As Wanda heard about the Yarwood family’s invitation, she immediately interjected, ” Madam Gibson, now that you’re Yvette’s master, we’re family. We’ll definitely send Zenith herb and medical book. Right, Ewan?” 
you the 
Ewan, at this point, made up his mind. “Exactly. I’ll send someone to my mom’s place tonight.” 
“That would be perfect.” Hilda smiled broadly. “In a week, when I visit the Yarwood family 
Chapter 17 Ryan Recognized Wynter 
for medical consultation, Yvette will accompany me. She’s so pretty. Who knows, she might catch Mr. Yarwood’s attention…” 
Caught Mr. Yarwood’s attention? 
Upon hearing this, Ewan lost all rationality. He just wanted to get Margaret’s Zenith herb as soon as possible, regardless of whether she was his biological mother. 
Wanda was even more excited and patted Yvette’s hand. “If what Madam Gibson says comes true, you’ll be blessed for the rest of your life. That’s Mr. Yarwood!”
“Mom…” Yvette blushed shyly. “When I’m with Madam Gibson for medical consultation, I’ll behave well.” 
Mr. Yarwood, the head of one of Sorzada City’s aristocratic families, was incredibly wealthy. Who wouldn’t want to marry into such a family? The Yates family was indeed daydreaming. 
Hilda, always eager for benefit, was clearly just playing with their words. It was all for the Yates family’s Zenith herb… 
The Yates family lacked judgment by flattering the wrong target. 
At sunset, in the community square, Wynter was fully engrossed with the medical consultations. She had no idea that someone was eying Margaret’s traditional herb. 
She 
gave 
Gavin a few more instructions before he left. 
“Make sure to watch your salt intake. Eat plenty of fruits and vegetables when you get home. If anyone tries to persuade you to undergo surgery again, don’t listen.” 1 
“Can I go home now?” Gavin asked uncertainly. “Do I need to take several courses of medication?” 
Wynter replied professionally, “No need. The air in the countryside is good for recovery.” 
After all the hustle and bustle, he finally breathed a sigh of relief, tears welling in his eyes as he left. 
She was about to keep her acupuncture needle when she was done with this last patient. Ryan, who had been observing nearby, hurriedly stopped her!
###chapter18
Chapter 18 Finally Found Ms. Quinnell 
“Ms. Quinnell! Finally, I found you!” Ryan exclaimed with excitement in his Amorino accent, his beer belly trembling. 
Wynter turned to look at him. He was dressed in a fine suit. He was not tall, but he exuded a businesslike demeanor. 
Among the people she knew, there was no one like him. 
Wynter grabbed her bag, her expression calm. “You’ve got the wrong person.” 
“I got the wrong person…” He muttered, feeling disappointed. With her outstanding appearance and elegant temperament, he thought Wynter was the Ms. Quinnell he was supposed to meet. 
Now, he realized what a foolish mistake he had made. The information from Havenlight County had never mentioned that Ms. Quinnell was a doctor. He must have been out of his 
mind. 
Wynter was skilled in medicine. If she were really Ms. Quinnell, the Yates family would have mentioned it. He was confused by her similar figure from behind. 
Wynter saw that the misunderstanding was cleared up and was about to leave. 
But Ryan stopped her again. “Girl, could you come with me to the hospital?” 
Wynter’s eyes deepened, indicating for him to continue. 
He wiped his sweat and, without revealing the Quinnell family’s identity, chose a simple
excuse. 
“Well, you see, our boss suddenly started running a fever for no apparent reason after a trip to the countryside. It’s been a whole day. Despite taking antibiotics and getting IV drips at the hospital, his temperature hasn’t decreased. I was hoping you could come and take a look. 
“If he’s already at the hospital, there’s no need to worry. There are professional doctors there, and the condition should improve.” Wynter initially declined. 
She hadn’t yet informed Margaret about being driven out of the Yates family. Her plan was to finish her free medical consultation and then visit the traditional medicine clinic. 
Ryan anxiously mentioned, “My boss is staying at the Southdale Traditional Medicine Hospital, where Dr. Gibson is in charge. I’m worried she might misdiagnose his illness!” 
Chapter 18 Finally Found Ms. Quinnell 
If Fabian fell sick in Southdale, he would definitely choose the best medical facility. 
However, after hearing about Gavin’s incident earlier, Ryan was genuinely worried. Since he couldn’t bring back Ms. Quinnell, bringing a genius doctor back might help him keep his current job. 
“Girl, consider it a favor from me. My boss is getting old and can’t afford to be sick.” Ryan didn’t hide his ulterior motive. “And I don’t want to lose my job either.” 
After thinking for a while, Wynter said, “My medical consultation fee cost 10. Can you accept that?” 
“Absolutely!” Ryan nodded vigorously. She had such miraculous medical skills, and she only charged 10! It was a steal!
Ryan quickly led her to the roadside. “Please.” 
It was a luxurious yet understated SUV worth over four hundred thousand, with a Kingbourne license plate, KB 88818. A manager from an ordinary company probably couldn’t afford such a car. 
Wynter was smart. She remembered the list Calvert had sent her and had a guess in her mind. She raised her eyebrows. “Is the patient’s last name Quinnell?” 
Ryan, who was about to get into the car, suddenly sl*pped! 
“This…” Ryan panicked, breaking out in a sweat. “Dr. Genius, how did you know? I didn’t say anything.” 
Wynter supported her chin with her hand, biting on a piece of candy, and smiled lightly. ” Mr. Lloyd, don’t be nervous. I just guessed randomly. I thought the last name Quinnell sounded majestic.” 
“Just a, just a random guess.” Ryan breathed a sigh of relief. “Indeed, the last name Quinnell is majestic.” 
Of course, how could this genius doctor possibly know about the Quinnell family in Kingbourne? 
She seemed to live a simple life. She was just taking care of the elderly in the community, so she couldn’t possibly have connections in the circles of Kingbourne…
###chapter19
Chapter 19 Wynter Treats Fabian 
Ryan’s concerns didn’t stem from looking down on Wynter. 
It was just that the Quinnell family continuously operated discreetly and didn’t like to flaunt 
their status. 
Even when the scions went out to make a name for themselves, they didn’t mention being from the Quinnell family. 1 
This time, in Southdale, they only wanted to fetch Ms. Quinnell back quietly without drawing attention. 
Ryan had just been frightened, thinking he had inadvertently revealed Mr. Quinnell’s identity. 
Many prestigious families in Southdale were eager to get close to the Quinnell family. If they knew Fabian was here, how could he receive proper treatment? They couldn’t afford 
Fabian’s situation to be known! 
Wynter observed everything but said nothing. As a medical practitioner, she had an obligation to keep patient information confidential. Regardless of the other party’s identity, they were just her patient. 
However, Wynter had some doubts. Why would the Quinnell family search for the lost heiress in the Harmony Community? She didn’t have time to dwell on it as they arrived at the hospital. 
In the VIP ward 601 of the Traditional Medicine Hospital, Fabian lay on the bed with a furrowed brow, burning with fever, coughing incessantly, murmuring, “Little princess… Where are you? Grandpa misses you so much…” 
Alec was competent, but the symptoms were tricky to diagnose.
Upon seeing Mr. Quinnell losing consciousness, he became highly anxious and urged the hospital to summon Hilda quickly. As an expert who had won awards even abroad, Hilda would surely have a solution! 
However, Hilda was still troubled by the incident with the Heavenly Medical Guild. Coupled with the hospital’s request for overtime, it led to her being unpleasant. “Register first. Do you think just anyone can consult me?” 
“Dr. Gibson, here’s the situation. The old man is really sick, and his condition is 
complicated. I’m worried he might be in critical condition,” explained the on–duty doctor, Sergio Lopez. 
Chapter 19 Wynter Treats Fabian 
Hilda snorted. “Then, refuse to see him. Let him go to another hospital!” 
“That doesn’t seem right…” Sergio couldn’t help but speak up. “We should prioritize emergency care.” 
“Are you teaching me how to do my job?” Hilda sneered. 
Sergio quickly apologized, speaking softly, “It’s someone from Kingbourne. Why don’t you take a look?” 
Kingbourne? Regardless of the person’s status, it was worth her time to visit. Hilda replied, ” Fine. Let the family wait.” 
“Okay!” 
Although Hilda agreed to come, she was dragging her feet and nowhere to be found.
Alec paced anxiously outside the ward, feeling helpless and resorting to seeking assistance from the Yarwood family. 
Meanwhile, inside the ward, a sudden commotion erupted. 
“It’s bad! The patient’s cardiopulmonary function suddenly weakened!” 
“Check his pupils!” 
“Where are the patient’s family members? Where are they?” 
Alec heard this, and his cold sweat broke out. What should he do now? 
Should he inform Mr. Yarwood? But even if they hurried, it would take at least six hours to get here from Kingbourne… 
The doctors inside were still shouting, “We need to perform surgery, and we need the patient’s family members to sign the consent form!” 
The corridor was chaotic, with doctors and nurses rushing toward the ward. 
Wyntern, who had come with Ryan, saw this scene as soon as she arrived. 
Ryan sensed the urgency and grabbed the pale–faced Alec. “What’s going on?” 
Alec’s eyes were red with exhaustion, responded, “Mr. Quinnell might not make it.” 
“Might not make it?” Ryan’s l*ps quivered. “How is that possible? Wasn’t it just a common cold?” 
Alec shook his head. “It started as a common cold, but considering Mr. Quinnell’s health history, his lungs have always been problematic. He’s been tirelessly searching for Ms.
Chapter 19 Wynter Treats Fabian 
Quinnell for days, and his condition has worsened.” 
“Then, treat him!” Ryan yelled. “Do you want Mr. Quinnell to die on our watch?” 
“I don’t want that either, but I’m helpless. Dr. Gibson hasn’t arrived, and I haven’t encountered such symptoms before. Mr. Quinnell—” 
“I’ll give it a try,” Wynter interrupted calmly. Through the window, her beautiful eyes looked at the old man on the bed, struggling against death…
###chapter20
Chapter 20 Do You Know How To Treat? Are You Capable? 
“Who are you?” Alec turned to look at the source of the voice. 
A pretty young girl with dark hair and chewing gum caught everyone’s attention with her intense gaze. 
Ryan quickly said, “Alec, she’s the genius doctor I brought…” 
“Ridiculous!” Before Ryan could finish speaking, a cold rebuke interrupted him. 
“You greedy little girl again.” Arriving late, Hilda glanced at Wynter with a frown. “Are you here to scam the hospital because you can’t make any money?” 
She then shouted, “Who brought this person in? Didn’t anyone bother to check?” 
Upon hearing Hilda’s voice, Sergio hurried over. “Dr. Gibson, it’s a misunderstanding. These people are all the patient’s companions. The patient’s condition is critical and needs immediate attention.” 
The patient’s companions? So, was Wynter related to this patient? He was just a poor relative pretending to be from Kingbourne, making her run here for nothing. 
“Clear the room first,” Hilda said arrogantly. 
Ryan frowned. “No, we must stay.” 
Hilda’s voice turned cold. “I prefer to consult patients without anyone else present. If you can’t accept that, you don’t have to arrange a consultation with me.” 
She was unwilling to work overtime and did not want to treat everyone.
Though Ryan had heard about Hilda’s infamous reputation in the community square, seeing her arrogant demeanor in person was a different story. He was furious! 
“You’re a doctor! How can you just leave a patient unattended?” Ryan growled. 
Hilda responded casually, “Why are you talking like that? As if you are a family member? I suggested clearing the room, but you disagreed. What can I do? If you want me to conduct 
treatment, I can.” 
She gave Wynter a disdainful look and continued, “Your girl doesn’t know how to behave and has offended me. I won’t make things difficult for you from the backwoods. If she apologizes to me in person, I’ll see the patient immediately.” 
“She won’t apologize to you!” Ryan exclaimed. He had been in Kingbourne for many years 
Chapter 20 Do You Know How To Treat? Are You Capable? 
and wasn’t treated like this anywhere else. 
Now, Hilda was just making things difficult for them. She was not genuinely trying to save lives. 
Hilda sneered. “What’s with your attitude? Are you trying to cause trouble in the hospital?” 
Ryan was seething with anger. For a moment, he actually felt like laying a hand on her. 
As the person involved, Wynter raised her hand to stop him and said calmly, “Stay calm. Saving lives is the priority. We can deal with the rest later.”
Ryan’s eyes burned with anger. “I’ll listen to you! Please! You must save him. I beg you!” 
Witnessing his friend’s state, Alec became convinced of Wynter’s capability. 
Hilda sneered disdainfully, “You really think an amateur like her can cure and save lives? My goodness, that’s just ignorance.” 
“Mr. Hunter, what Dr. Gibson said is right. You mustn’t be impulsive.” Sergio didn’t have any ions to Wynter. He saw her as an unreliable young girl. 
“You know how complex Mr. Quinnell Senior’s condition is. Neither you nor I can do much. Can she handle it?” 
Upon hearing this, Wynter looked down and played with her watch. She said coolly, “The patient initially had ragged breathing, an unexplained high fever, followed by a persistent dry cough with blood in the throat and a tight chest. He should already be losing consciousness.” 
Every symptom matched! Sergio’s eyes widened in disbelief!
###chapter21
Chapter 21 She is Actually an Attending Physician 
“You really know medicine?” There was astonishment in his tone. 
Hilda sneered. “Dr. Lopez, have you lost your mind? How could this little girl understand medicine? She must have heard about the symptoms from a nurse.” 
“Dr. Gibson, she just arrived. We haven’t had a chance to talk to her yet,” the nurse 
explained. 
Hilda turned. “So what? How old is she? Barely out of school, right? Does she have a license to treat patients?” 
Without saying a word, Wynter slapped her medical license onto the chair. Not only that, but her medical license was also at the level of an attending physician! 
Anyone who had studied medicine knew how difficult it was to obtain the title of attending physician! Now, who dared to say she wasn’t qualified? 
Hilda felt embarrassed by this revelation. 
Doctors and nurses couldn’t believe it. “An attending physician? In Southdale, that’s almost at the level of a professor… She’s so young. How did she achieve that?” 
Confronting Hilda, Wynter said, “Move aside.” 
Hilda’s face turned pale as she examined the license, questioning its authenticity. 
Meanwhile, Ryan had already accompanied Wynter into the ward.
Sergio was also getting ready. Even some nurses who usually avoided crossing Hilda were pitching in. They all wanted to save the patient with every passing moment. 
Hilda looked on viciously, realizing that no one had ever embarrassed her like this in the hospital before. 
“Let her handle it. I want to see who will cover for her if things go wrong!” Hilda was scheming. 
She had listened to Sergio’s words and suspected that the patient’s condition was challenging. 
She had her reasons for stepping back. 
Poor patients often came with complex issues that didn’t yield much profit and carried significant risks. 
Chapter 21 She is Actually an Attending Physician 
Since Wynter enjoyed being in the spotlight, she hoped she would mess up and cause trouble 
When the patient’s family arrived, it would be quite a show, 
As far as she knew, the patient’s family hadn’t signed the consent form yet. Wynter wouldn’t have a chance to turn things around if something went wrong! 
“You all, turn on the video recording equipment in the emergency room.” Hilda’s voice was sarcastic. “But don’t let anything happen, or let our hospital be responsible.” 
Due to the special circumstances, this medical treatment had attracted a lot of attention, 
In the emergency room, Wynter had donned a medical mask and sterile clothing.
Standing by the patient’s bed, she worked methodically, exuding professionalism. 
“Do we have the patient’s chest X–ray?” Wynter asked. 
“We do.” Sergio immediately handed it over. 
Wynter took it and said calmly, “Large lobar pneumonia, accompanied by heart failure.” 
“Yes!” Sergio nodded. 
She opened the medicine box. “Report the patient’s underlying diseases and previous medications.” 
“The patient is 78 years old, with several underlying diseases, including coronary heart disease, hypertension, and urinary tract infections,” Sergio reported. “The challenge is that the patient is allergic to many antibiotics, so we can’t use them recklessly.” 
Wynter didn’t panic upon hearing this. She just rolled up the patient’s sleeve. “As expected.” 
Sergio was shocked. “This is…” 
“A tick bite,” Wynter said lightly. 
The doctors and nurses in the observation room all widened their eyes. 
“We checked for so long and didn’t notice this wound.” 
“It’s too small to see, right?” 
“But how did she know?” 
“I’m not sure, but she’s amazing. She rolled up the sleeve, confirming the tick bite at a glance. She’s imposing!”
###chapter22
Chapter 22 The Wealthiest Mr. Yarwood Has Arrived 
Hilda sneered, “Don’t be so surprised. She’s from the countryside, so she’s naturally familiar with the symptoms after being bitten by these bugs. She’s just fooling you all. Let her try using a surgical knife!” 
Wynter didn’t use a surgical knife but took out silver needles from the first aid kit. 
Those hopeful about Wynter’s medical skills were disappointed after witnessing this scene. 
“Acupuncture treatment? For such a serious illness, she’s going to use acupuncture treatment?” 
“She’s just playing around too much!” 
“It’s also possible she doesn’t know how to use a surgical knife. Dr. Lopez believes a young girl? We’re in trouble now.” 
Hilda boasted, “I told you so. She’s just pretending. She probably has no real skills, and that license might be fake.” 
“Dr. Gibson is right. How could there be such a young attending physician?” 
“I hope she’s not a fraud.” 
As people discussed, Wynter raised her hand and swiftly inserted the first needle! 
The needle landed precisely on the head, penetrating an inch into the scalp. 
With each insertion, Wynter recited the names of the acupoints. “GV 20, GV 23, GB 16, GB 18. “Her voice remained steady as she worked, her hands skillfully maneuvering the needles. 
Palpating with the left and needling with the right, she executed her technique smoothly and precisely.
The people in the observation room were amazed. 
In Southdale, where cultural knowledge was limited, there were very few doctors with expertise in traditional medicine. Watching Wynter’s graceful and rhythmic movements, they were unsure how to respond. 
This was like a perfect example from an acupuncture textbook! 
Even Hilda’s expression changed. She murmured, “S–She really knows acupuncture treatment… How is that possible…” And that needling technique, she had never seen before. Wynter lifted the needles before inserting and withdrawing them with precision. ‘Her eyes 
Chapter 22 The Wealthiest Mr. Yarwood Has Arrived 
were calm as if this were just another day for her. 
As the doctors watched in shock, they couldn’t resist the urge to jot down her needling technique! Even Hilda, an expert in the field, might not match her skill! 
Hilda glanced around at the onlookers and persisted, “All flashy. Clearly just random poking. How effective can it be?” 
In the emergency room, the monitoring nurse exclaimed excitedly, “The fever’s gone! The patient’s temperature has dropped! It’s now 99.8!” 
“The patient’s pupils are normal–sized, and his consciousness is improving.” 
“How’s his heartbeat?” 
“Stable!”
The observation room erupted in excitement! 
Ryan jumped with joy. “I knew that genius doctor could do it!” He glanced at Hilda and added, “She’s way better than a certain expert!” 
Hilda felt like she had lost all dignity, stinging with humiliation! 
Despite Wynter’s miraculous achievement, she remained calm. She didn’t stop there but carefully punctured the tick bite wound, squeezing out the toxins. 
Fabian murmured, “Little princess… Is it my little princess?” With a sudden burst of unknown strength, he clumsily grabbed Wynter’s wrist! 
Hilda sneered. Even if they managed to save him, what good would it do? 
For an old man from the backwoods, what help could he really provide? He might just end up being a burden. 
With these thoughts, Hilda found some reassurance. 
At the same time, in the VIP–exclusive elevator, the hospital’s president, Victor Penton, and vice president, Jeremy Clark, stood in awe of the man at the center, their bodies trembling slightly. 
The man was dressed in a finely tailored suit, and his pale complexion made him appear both noble and fragile. 
However, no one regarded him as a typical patient because of the intimidating vibe coming from his eyes–an undeniable presence that couldn’t be ignored…
###chapter23
Chapter 23 The Two of Them Felt a Spark 
As he stepped into the elevator, the air around him grew icy cold. 
When he didn’t make eye contact, he appeared calm and composed. But when he did, he exuded danger and allure. 
“Speak up,” he demanded. 
Victor wiped his cold sweat and said, “Mr. Yarwood, rest assured. Dr. Gibson is a specialist in this field in our hospital. With her treating Mr. Quinnell Senior, everything should be fine!” 
If not Dalton Yarwood, the head of the Yarwood family, then who else could be causing such fear among prominent individuals? 
Dalton turned the beaded bracelet on his wrist, his eyes slightly raised. “The news I received doesn’t match.” 
“Mr. Yarwood, we really didn’t lie to you,” Jeremy stuttered. “Even if we had the courage, we wouldn’t dare delay Mr. Quinnell Senior’s treatment. He’s from the Quinnell family!” 
Dalton remained quiet. He just stood and waited for the elevator to reach the 6th floor. 
The more he acted like that, the more intimidating he became. 
Victor’s legs were beginning to feel weak. Finally, they reached the 6th floor, and Dalton let them exit first! 
They understood. He didn’t want to reveal his identity. 
But nobody could tell them why Hilda was in the observation room.
Dalton halted his steps, his gaze falling on the attending physician collecting needles in the emergency room. With a cold tone, he asked, “Wasn’t Dr. Gibson supposed to be performing the surgery? Then, who is she?” 
The person by the patient’s bedside wore a medical mask and cap. She swiftly and accurately collected needles. Despite her skilled and professional technique, the youthfulness in her eyes was obvious. 
“S–She…” Jeremy wiped his sweat, almost frightened out of his wits, unable to come up with a reasonable explanation. 
Victor lost his composure, grabbing Hilda, who was standing in the observation room. His voice trembled as he explained, “Dr. Gibson, why aren’t you in the emergency room? Why is the little girl treating patients?” 
Chapter 23 The Two of Them Felt a Spark 
Hilda’s expression initially softened at the sight of Victor. Then, she said, “Mr. Lopez, I was just about to report this to you. Dr. Lopez has been too audacious. The patient’s family member hasn’t even signed yet, and he dares to let an amateur treat the patient!” 
At this point, Victor didn’t want to hear any more excuses. He knew Mr. Yarwood was watching, so he couldn’t help but shout, “I’m asking you why you’re not in the emergency room!” 
“The family member hasn’t signed; besides, it’s just a normal patient. Do I need to personally attend to it?” Hilda didn’t care, almost wearing disdain on her face. 
Victor was livid. “A normal patient? Did you say it’s a normal patient? Hilda Gibson, are you out of your mind? That’s Mr. Quinnell Senior from the Quinnell family in Kingbourne!”
The Quinnell family in Kingbourne… Mr. Quinnell Senior… 
When Hilda thought about it, everything blurred before her eyes, and she collapsed straight to the ground. 
“How is this possible… How is this possible…” 
Victor waved his sleeves. “How is it not possible? Y–You! You can’t even seize an 
opportunity to save an important person!” 
After hearing this, Hilda regretted it deeply! 
She looked toward the emergency room. She had given away such a good opportunity to the little girl. 
If she had saved Fabian, then… 
Hilda became more and more anxious and suddenly collapsed from a stroke. 
Victor didn’t want to see her anymore and had the nurses carry her out! 
In the emergency room, after finishing treating the patient, Wynter wiped her hands with alcohol and glanced sideways, looking through the glass. 
Dalton stood there nonchalantly, his intense gaze captivating. His handsome face was framed by gold– rimmed glasses, exuding both calmness and an unsettling aura. 
Since just now, Wynter had felt his gaze on her, and sure enough… 
Maybe Wynter had such an insistent stare. It prompted Dalton to raise an eyebrow and tilt his head slightly. Their gazes met subtly…
Chapter 24 Scion of the Yarwoods
###chapter24
Chapter 24 Scion of the Yarwoods 
Their eyes met. Neither of them averted. 
Wynter, especially, stared at Dalton blatantly. 
Given her obsession with good looks, Wynter knew plenty of handsome men, but none could compare to Dalton. 
That sickly pale face was perfectly adorned with a pair of bottomless eyes, giving off a natural chill. There was a rare, bookish air about Dalton, noble yet frail. 
Amidst the hustle and bustle, he remained tranquil. With his ethereal aura, Dalton was akin to a young scion from an ancient aristocratic family. 
The plump Ryan immediately went over to talk to Dalton excitedly. 
Across the soundproof glass, Wynter couldn’t hear their dialogue. She raised her eyebrows. 
The next moment, Dalton glanced toward her again. 
Shrouded in dim light, his facial features appeared vague yet enchanting. 
“Dr. Genius?” Dalton’s voice was cold. 
Ryan continued enthusiastically, almost flatteringly, “Yes! I found her in the community square. Although she’s young, her medical skills are amazing. Mr. Quinnell’s fever cooled down in ten minutes!” 
When Dalton was about to ask further, Wynter emerged from the ward.
While walking, Wynter instructed Sergio beside her, “Monitor the patient’s temperature these two days. He doesn’t need antibiotics. Give him more nebulization. I’ll write you the prescription later. I’ll come over for the treatment at the same time tomorrow.” 
As the most talented doctor among the young Lopezes, Sergio only found himself being the mediocre one. He had never admired anyone so much, nor had he ever been so excited, even when he had won an award abroad. 
Sergio looked at Wynter with sparkling eyes. “Noted, Dr. Genius. Can you teach me the acupuncture technique?” 
Also interested in it, other doctors quietly gathered around, though without high hopes for the genius doctor to pass on this exclusive skill to outsiders. 
To their surprise, Wynter nodded and said calmly, “Sure. You all take notes. I won’t’repeat it. 
Chapter 24 Scion of the Yarwoods 
I’ll highlight the key points, and you can study yourselves.” 
She seemed used to teaching others, not just once, nor just one person. The doctors could picture a large group of students listening to her lectures. 
But she was apparently just a young lady. What was with this demeanor of a wise, old doctor? Could there be a century–old soul in her body? Otherwise, how could her behavior be explained? 
Outside the crowd, Dalton nonchalantly watched the scene with rare enthusiasm in his eyes.
Victor nervously approached Dalton to explain the situation while wiping the cold sweat off his forehead with a handkerchief. 
Dalton put one hand in his trousers pocket and raised the finger of the other hand to his l*ps. His voice was low and pleasant. “Don’t disturb me listening to the lesson.” 
Victor was rendered speechless. 
As the majestic overlord of Sorzada City, Dalton controlled the wealth of countless prominent families. The entire business industry in Southdale was in his grasp. Why on earth would such a rich and powerful figure listen to acupuncture lessons? 
Meanwhile, Wynter paused before giving the lecture. “We need a human subject.” 
A human subject? Before Victor could react, Wynter’s eyes fell on the scion of the Yarwoods next to him!
###chapter25
Chapter 25 Who Is She Messing With 
Seriously? 
Victor had his eyes wide open. 
The genius doctor couldn’t have chosen Dalton to be the human subject, could she? How dared she! Was she seeking trouble? 
Victor turned sideways slightly to show himself, “How about you choose…” 
Before he could say “me“, Wynter had strode up to Dalton. 
Only then did the bald Victor realize Wynter was taller than him! 
With a height of five feet seven inches, Wynter had a slender waist and long legs. On her elegant face were a pair of enchanting eyes and exquisite features, 
When she stood next to the six–foot–tall Dalton, the atmosphere became ambiguous. 
Because their temperaments were in contrast with each other, it was akin to an encounter between an ascetic and a nymph. 
Dalton was well–dressed, his eyes tinged with the coolness of dusk. 
Wynter stopped at a respectful social distance from Dalton. 
Then, she took off her medical mask, revealing a relaxed, beautiful face with naturally red l*ps and a mole at the corner of her eyes. 
She chuckled lightly and asked, “Are you the patient’s family?”
When Ryan was about to clarify, Dalton coughed softly with a faint medicine scent and replied in a low, cold voice, “Sort of.” 
It was either yes or no. What did Dalton mean by that answer? Wynter raised her eyebrows. 
She then said decisively, “Whatever. You can learn about the treatment process on behalf of the patient’s family. Anyway, nobody signed.” 
“Dr. Genius, actually…” Ryan opened his m*uth. 
At Dalton’s clear reply of “okay“, he swallowed the rest of his words. 
Even the Yarwood family’s bodyguard, Ethan Yarwood, was stupefied on the spot upon his 
arrival. 
What did he just hear? Dalton actually consented to a woman touching him? 
Chapter 25 Who Is She Messing With 
Dalton’s mysophobia had been around since childhood. Because of his physical condition, even his grandfather, Theo Yarwood, had to wash his hands before touching him. 
What was wrong with him today? Had he been bewitched? 
Everyone’s expression was dramatic, except for Dalton himself. 
In a black shirt and black pants, he leaned closer to Wynter with narrowed eyes. “What do you need me to do?”
“Stand still.” Wynter raised her eyes, smiling faintly. “Don’t worry, it won’t hurt.” 
“That’s a relief.” Dalton was still coughing. Because he had been ill for a long time, his breathing was weak despite his cold voice. 
Wynter could smell medicine, accompanied by the sandalwood of his beaded bracelet. 
Seeing Dalton’s face flush from coughing, Wynter somehow felt sorry for him. 
She put her left hand on his wrist while her right hand unwrapped a candy. “Open your m*uth.” 
Dalton raised his eyebrows in confusion but followed Wynter’s instructions with aloofness. 
The tip of his tongue felt cool as he tasted mint with an unknown sweetness, magically relieving his itchy throat. 
A trace of astonishment flashed across Dalton’s charming eyes. “You…” 
“It’s lozenges for you. You poor thing,” Wynter said nonchalantly with a smile. 
Hearing this, Ryan broke out in a cold sweat. 
Why couldn’t the genius doctor just shut up? Did she even know Dalton was the overlord of Sorzada City? How could she call him a poor thing? 
Victor felt somewhat suffocated. Perhaps he should take lozenges! 
As for Ethan, his expression was beyond words. 
Seemingly enjoying the lozenges, Dalton leisurely fidgeted with the red beads on his bracelet. 
The look on his pale, handsome face was unreadable.
Could he be musing over how to deal with the genius doctor later?
###chapter26
Chapter 26 They Are Too Close 
Ryan dared not think further. 
He was the one who brought the genius doctor over. Not to mention, she was the savior of the Quinnell family. He couldn’t watch her dig her own grave! 
“Dr. Genius may not be an eloquent speaker. Haha…” Ryan looked toward Dalton with a pleading look. “Please don’t mind her.” 
The taciturn Dalton faintly hummed a response. 
Wynter raised her eyebrows, puzzled. “Mr. Lloyd, why are you nervous? Did I say something wrong?” 
“Nothing’s wrong.” Dalton flashed a bewitching smile. “What you said is right.” 
Wynter’s eyes lit up. “Good–looking people do talk sweetly.” 
Then, she turned sideways to look at the doctors. 
They just returned from getting their notebooks and phones without any idea of the drama. 
Wynter asked, “Is everyone here?” 
“Yes!” the doctors shouted in unison. They were seemingly back being interns. 
Wynter suddenly raised her right hand and undid the first button of Dalton’s shirt. 
With a frown, Dalton lifted his eyebrows slightly. She never mentioned undressing! 
She smiled. Her right hand still held his shirt. They were so close that her breath nearly blew against his Adam’s apple.
“I’ll teach you an acupuncture point to relieve cough.” With that, Wynter put her fingertips on Dalton’s neck. 
Her eyes were clear and professional. She did not have any ulterior motives on him. 
“Insert the needle an inch. One each below the m*uth.” She changed the position of her fingers as she spoke. 
“The effects of acupuncture depend on the needling technique and the combination of acupuncture points.” 
Wynter’s slightly cool fingertips slid along Dalton’s neck and landed behind his ears. 
“For example, there’s an acupuncture point here for heat dissipation. Today’s patient has 
Chapter 26 They Are Too Close 
symptoms in the lungs with dampness and heat in the body. There is a technique in ‘ Acupuncture Collections‘ called Cooling Needling…” 
As Wynter went deeper, the doctors became more focused. Nobody noticed the subtle strangeness in Dalton’s eyes. 
Because Wynter’s fingers tapped on his body, Dalton felt the specific acupuncture points directly, 
It was noteworthy that she didn’t give him a rash. It seemed there were people without germs, 
Dalton’s eyes lay on Wynter’s stunning face, Whenever she leaned forward, the tips of her long hair would brush against his hands.
In her eyes were not him, only his acupuncture points. Her voice went up and down, and the main points of her explanation were as prominent as the force of her fingers. 
The doctors were all fascinated. Even Victor was no longer concerned about Dalton’s identity. 
He kept nodding, getting satisfied. 
This was indeed a potential talent. 
That was right! He could invite the genius doctor to join their hospital! 
Victor was suddenly enlightened. 
The doctors enthusiastically asked for details until Wynter withdrew the needles at the end. “That’s it?” 
“I haven’t had enough.” 
Some people were murmuring. 
Dalton also felt lost for a moment. 
After those cool fingers left his body, his throat seemed itchier.
###chapter27
Chapter 27 You Won’t Live for Long 
A wave of heat washed over him. 
Dalton couldn’t help gulping, and his Adam’s apple bobbed. In the dim light, he looked s**y with such gestures. It was a rare sight. 
Everyone in Sorzada City knew Dalton was abstinent and a vegetarian. 
No one had ever broken his other–worldly grace. 
Right now, his collar was open, his hair messy. 
Ryan was terrified to see this sight. 
The genius doctor had really offended Dalton! 
Ryan had worked under Fabian for a long time. 
The Quinnell family and the Yarwood family had been acquainted for generations. In order 
to break off the engagement, Dalton visited Quinnell Corporation often. 
However, in all these years, Ryan had never seen such a menacing look from Dalton. 
High and mighty, he always appeared aloof. Nothing and nobody could seem to stir his 
emotions. 
Where did the genius doctor get the nerve to unbutton Dalton’s shirt? 
Ryan held his head in distress.
Wynter didn’t realize the severity of the matter. After the lecture, she was ready to pack up 
and leave. 
The doctors wanted to keep her but didn’t know how. 
Victor said, “Dr. Genius, would you be interested in working in our hospital? The salary is negotiable.” 
Tying up her long hair, Wynter refused bluntly. “No, I don’t like to get up early.” 
“You can work in the afternoon!” Victor was so eager that he couldn’t even care about the distinguished guest, Dalton. 
Wynter remained unmoved. “Medicine is just my hobby. And… Mr. Lopez, have you forgotten?” 
She had slapped many people in the face with her statement that medicine was just her 
Chapter 27 You Won’t Live for Long 
hobby. 
Victor lamented. “What’s that?” 
“I’m a college student.” Wynter grabbed her black bag. “Isn’t that school yours?” 
Victor was dazed momentarily. 
He did run such a school that suffered losses all year round. Due to poor management, the students they recruited were so–so. Since people in Southdale were willing to attend it, and he wanted to give weak students a chance to study, he barely maintained the school.
Did the genius doctor just claim to be a student of his school? 
Victor was dumbstruck. “How could you be a college student?” 
“I’ll sit for the university entrance examination this year,” Wynter answered calmly. 
He clenched his fists. Was this the point? The point was that a college student had an attending physician certificate and incredible medical skills! 
He took a deep breath. “Won’t you consider it? I can give you full credits.” 
Hearing this, Wynter flashed a playful smile. “You may not know me well, Mr. Lopez. I usually arrive late and leave early, and I never care about credits.” 
Victor was rendered speechless. 
A faint smile emerged on Dalton’s face as he listened. It wasn’t cold or dangerous but rather warm and captivating. 
Wynter was confused. “What’s so funny?” 
Dalton left his collar open as it was. His body was slightly bent, revealing his conspicuous collarbone. There seemed to be something like a tattoo on it. 
Wynter couldn’t see it clearly, except that it was dazzlingly red against his fair skin. 
“You almost gave Mr. Lopez a heart attack.” Tinged with joy, Dalton sounded pleasant when he said that. 
Wynter put her hand on his wrist again, her gaze intense.
He could see how serious she was. 
“You…” Wynter’s eyes were clear, her voice calm. “You don’t have many years left. Do you know that?” 
Chapter 28 She Can Cure Him
###chapter28
Chapter 28 She Can Cure Him 
The surroundings fell silent as soon as Wynter finished speaking. 
Dalton looked at her calmly. His deep eyes reflected the light, elegant and aloof. 
The doctors didn’t know Dalton’s identity. But in the medical field, they all knew a traditional medicine doctor’s frown upon pulse check was a bad sign. 
Wynter’s smile faded, her eyes intense. She looked serious. 
Was it really like the genius doctor said, this man couldn’t live for long? His face was indeed a little pale, but he shouldn’t be dying soon. 
The doctors all looked over. Exchanging a glance, Victor and Jeremy waved to dismiss them. 
Ryan’s heart skipped a beat, having the urge to pull Wynter away. 
Dalton’s health had become a concern for all the Yarwoods. He had arrived in this town 
because of the rumor that the miracle doctor was in Southdale. 
A rumor alone had brought the entire Yarwood family to Southdale. The severity of Dalton’s illness was evident. 
Wynter had touched upon a sore subject. 
Next to them, Ethan exploded with rage. “What nonsense are you talking about?” 
He strode up to Wynter. With his muscular body, he could lift her up. 
But Dalton reached out to block Ethan. Coughing softly, he lightly warned, “Ethan.”
Ethan clenched his fists. “She’s cursing you, Mr. Yarwood.” 
Wynter retracted her hand on Dalton’s pulse. 
Having been a doctor for years, she had encountered such situations at times. After all, no patient’s family would like to hear about death. 
Similarly, she had a principle. She wouldn’t treat whoever didn’t believe her. 
Wynter took Dalton’s pulse on a whim because he was different from other patients. The same reason went for having him as the human subject. 
From his countenance and demeanor, she could tell he was a noble, virtuous being. Unfortunately, such a person was terminally ill. 
Ever since she was five years old, her grandfather had told her to help those with a noble yet 
Chapter 28 She Can Cure Him 
unlucky destiny if she ever met any. 
Wynter’s idea was simple. This was the first time she had met someone with such an other- 
worldly, noble aura. She would do her best to save him. 
But since his family had strongly opposed it, she wouldn’t force it. 
She had just withdrawn her hand when Dalton spoke, his voice pleasant and cheerful. “I 
know.”
He knew? Everyone was shocked. How could he be so calm knowing he wouldn’t live for long? 
“Did you choose me because you could diagnose my illness?” Being good at reading people, Dalton could easily guess her intention. 
Without hiding it from him, Wynter nodded. “Your illness seems to be from birth or something else. I’ve never encountered such conditions. I need to observe more before making a diagnosis.” 
Hearing this, Ethan released his hands, looking at Wynter in disbelief. 
She was right about Dalton’s illness originating from birth! The disease was complicated. It was the Yarwood family’s secret that no outsiders knew. 
Ethan stepped forward excitedly. “Doctor…” 
“Ethan,” Dalton called him again, his low voice chilly. “Don’t be rude.” 
Risking to be punished, Ethan said boldly, “Mr. Yarwood, since she can tell the illness from your pulse, she can definitely cure you!” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>>
###chapter29
Chapter 29 Do You Know Who He is 
“It may not be curable,” Wynter leaned against the wall, yawning lazily. “The cause is unknown, the diagnosis is unclear, and=” 
With a chuckde, Dalton chimed in, “And you’d like to call it a day because you’re tired,” 
“It’s easy to talk with clever people.” Wynter looked at him, smiling. 
Her fingertips fell on his wrist again as she took his pulse carefully. “Your treatment can’t be rushed. Take it easy.” 
Dalton was someone whom even the Grim Reaper didn’t welcome. That was why he could survive until now. He had to have an excellent character, believing in himself more than the gods. 
The beaded bracelet on Dalton’s wrist was filled with tranquilizers to help him sleep, Wynter was close enough to him to smell it. 
“Improve your sleep and diet first.” 
Out of weariness, Wynter rubbed her neck with one hand. “Eating and sleeping well will help with your treatment.” 
Looking at her sleepy eyes, Dalton agreed quietly, “Okay,” 
By the time Wynter had noticed it, Dalton had taken the bag from her hand. 
“Ethan, send Dr. Genius home.” Dalton’s voice was light yet authoritative. 
Ethan knew Dalton would be displeased if he continued to pester Wynter. He lowered his head and said, “Yes.”
“No need. The place I’m going is just opposite the hospital.” Wynter didn’t want to get too involved with her patients. “Mr. Lloyd can take me there.” 
“Yes! I can take her!” Ryan shouted, “I’ll send her home, don’t worry!” 
With a hum in response, Dalton said nothing more. 
Ethan couldn’t help suggesting, “Mr. Yarwood, how about getting Dr. Genius‘ contact number?” 
Dalton glanced toward Wynter again. 
Wynter took out her phone and handed it to Dalton without hesitation. “Just enter your number. I’ll check on you when I check on Mr. Quinnell next time.” 
Chapter 29 Do You Know Who He Is 
Dalton’s number? 
Usually, people rushed to ask for Dalton’s number, only to receive a message from Vincent 
in the end. 
Never before had the high and mighty head of the Yarwood family lowered his eyes and typed his number until now. 
Victor’s short and chubby body inched closer quietly. He stood on tiptoes, trying to sneak a peek. He’d also like to have Dalton’s contact number! 
Wynter covered the phone, her eyes cold. “Mr. Lopez, what are you doing?”
“I… Why don’t you take my number too? You can call me if anything happens at school!” Victor never thought his competitiveness would come from a rundown school one day. 
Wynter didn’t refuse, as she treated everyone equally. 
Before entering the elevator, Wynter glanced back at Dalton standing in the dim light. 
Seemingly seen through everything in life, he just stood there, keeping a respectful distance from people. 
When the doctors around talked to him, he didn’t oppress them with his family’s power. Despite being far more knowledgeable and well–informed, he was still willing to listen to 
others. 
With such characteristics, it was no wonder Dalton didn’t lose his grace. Otherwise, as someone plagued by diseases all year, his appearance would have deteriorated. 
Most people on long–term medication would have gloomy eyes. Although Dalton was somewhat cold toward others, he never blamed anyone. And his eyes were beautiful. 
He was gentle, knowledgeable, and magnanimous. It would be a pity if he died at such a young age. 
“Dr. Genius, are you really going to treat that person?”
###chapter30
Chapter 30 That Person’s Identity Is Not Simple 
“That person?” Wynter heard the undertone of his words. “Isn’t he the son of the Quinnell family?” 
Ryan did not dare reveal Dalton’s identity. He stuttered, “Sort of… He’s a distant relative, not a Quinnell though.” 
Wynter lowered her eyes and ate a piece of candy, smiling faintly. “I thought you would insist and claim the old man inside wasn’t Mr. Quinnell.” 
“I regard you as part of us,” Ryan said eloquently. “What’s more, you’re a good person. I have nothing to worry about. My boss is indeed from the richest family in Kingbourne, the Quinnell family.” 
Pressing the tip of her tongue against the candy, Wynter hummed a response. Ryan laughed 
at her disinterest. 
“As expected of you, Dr. Genius. You’re not surprised at any of these. I worried too much earlier. I apologize to you. 
“Employees should protect the boss‘ privacy. You did the right thing.” 
Wynter stopped, looking toward the alley not far away. “You can just walk me until here. I’ll 
be there on time tomorrow.” 
“Don’t you want to know why the Quinnell family has come to Southdale?” Ryan didn’t 
leave. 
Wynter chuckled, “This is not something I should ask about as a doctor.”
Hearing this, Ryan admired Wynter even more, not only for her medical skills but also for her personality. 
“If you don’t mind, I’d like to be friends with you!” Ryan was straightforward. “If you ever go to Kingbourne, I’ll protect you!” 
Wynter had to return to Kingbourne sooner or later. After all, Heavenly Medical Guild had 
started there. 
She did not reject Ryan’s enthusiasm. She liked to work with this kind of people who were neither flattering nor cowardly and had business sense. 
“Then, I’ll call you Ryan.” Wynter smiled sincerely. 
Ryan was happy to hear that. “Sure! I’ll call you Wynter!” 
Chapter 30 That Person’s Identity Is Not Simple 
He actually regretted saying those words earlier. 
After all, Wynter had treated Fabian. She was the savior of the Quinnell family. Why would 
she be friends with him? 
He hadn’t expected her to agree immediately. But Ryan knew this was how Wynter was. She was different from some snobbish socialites in Kingbourne. 
From her action of giving treatment to the elderly on the roadside, he could tell she was righteous. Because of this, he had to protect her even more.
“Wynter, there is something I must tell you as a friend.” Ryan looked solemn. 
“That man has a powerful family background. If you can cure his illness, you will rise to the top. If you can’t, you will be in trouble. But don’t worry, I’ll help you. 
Hearing this, Wynter smiled. “Ryan, don’t worry. There is no disease that I can’t cure so far.” 
Ryan was shocked. “Can you really cure him?” 
“Of course.” Wynter was calm. “It just takes some time. I wonder if you’ve heard of a rumor. 
Ryan was curious. “What?” 
The miracle doctor could delay the Grim Reaper. However, Wynter didn’t tell him but just smiled lightly. 
“If one is too prosperous, one will die young. That man is overly prosperous, and his body cannot take it. That’s why he is weak and suffers from chronic illness. I’m the best at treating this kind of illness.” 
“Wynter, what you’re talking about has nothing to do with illness. It’s more like tarot,” Ryan muttered under his breath. 
Wynter smiled even brighter, looking beautiful and enchanting. “Maybe I really can read tarot.”
###chapter31
Chapter 31 Misunderstand Wynter Is Poor 
“Stop joking.” Ryan glanced at her without taking it seriously. 
“It’s all good as long as you know what you’re doing. Let me know if you need anything. Although I’m only a general manager, I can help you deal with some things and people.” 
Wynter was surprised that Ryan was the general manager. She thought he was an ordinary employee because of his appearance. 
“There is one more thing,” Ryan said. “I’d like to ask you for a favor.” 
Wynter raised her eyebrows. “Tell me.” 
Ryan glanced around and lowered his voice. “Mr. Quinnell came to Southdale this time because his missing granddaughter was abducted and trafficked here. 
“There were some clues before, but not anymore now. You meet many people as a doctor. Can you help me look for her?” 
Wynter thought of the order she had rejected before. She seemed destined to be connected to the seventh daughter of the Quinnell family. 
“Okay.” Wynter didn’t ask further. 
Ryan didn’t want to tire her anymore. “I’d better walk you home. The street is quite dark.” 
Wynter didn’t refuse and strode forward. 
At first, Ryan thought she was going to the high–end area nearby. After all, someone like
her deserved to live in a house like that. 
Unexpectedly, she entered a small alley. There were few people, the street lights flickered, and the ground was full of potholes. 
After walking for a while, Ryan frowned. Wynter had stopped at a traditional medicine clinic. 
It was right on the street, shabby and small. A sign next to the door read, “Foot Massage: 30 Dollars. Body Massage: 50 Dollars. Herbs Are On Sale!” 
This was clearly a foot massage shop! And it was likely not fully licensed! 
Ryan looked at Wynter. “Wynter, this is?” 
“It’s my grandma’s house.” Wynter took the bag over. 
But Ryan looked distressed. “This… Wynter, if your family is facing difficulties, l’can give 
Chapter 31 Misunderstand Wynter Is Poor 
you a house.” 
Wynter interrupted him, “Ryan, you’re overthinking. I’m not poor.” 
Her family lived in a place like this, and she said she wasn’t poor! 
Ryan took a deep breath. “Let me help you. You have to shoulder the heavy burden for the family at such a young age.
“No wonder you work as a doctor and don’t go to school. You just want to make more money for your family!” 
Wynter let him imagine and didn’t explain. After all, it was too complicated to explain. 
“Whatever.” Wynter didn’t confess. 
Ryan looked at her as if he was looking at a naive younger sister. He narrowed his eyes, advising, “Let me tell you, the Quinnell family and that guy in the hospital are both rich. 
“You can charge them a higher medical fee. Don’t just ask for a thousand. Even ten million is too little!” 
“Okay.” Wynter nodded. Ryan’s words were true. If she agreed to give them long–term treatment, then she would charge them market price. 
Ryan still shook his head. “I’ll figure something out for you!” 
When Wynter wanted to say no, Ryan already walked away as if he was going to collect the medical fee for her now. 
Wynter didn’t stop him. 
Anyway, it was already half past ten. Margaret had probably gone to bed, and it wouldn’t be convenient to invite him into the house. 
Wynter reached out to open the door, only to see a mess. 
The medicine counter was the messiest, which looked like it had been ransacked. 
0
Herbal medicines were scattered everywhere, the medicine baskets crushed. The buckets for soaking feet had been knocked over, and the medical books were all torn.
###chapter32
Chapter 32 How Dare You Bully My Grandma 
It was Margaret’s favorite medical book, which recorded many medicinal food recipes. 
She usually read it on the deck chair in the yard and told Wynter, “This dish is good. I’ll make a fish like this for you today. And pumpkin soup.” 
It was all ruined now! Wynter’s eyes darkened with a ruthless look as she strode toward the courtyard. 
Seeing her, a child dressed as a masseur immediately put down the bucket and eagerly raised his hands to gesture. 
Wynter held his shoulders, her eyes intense but her tone calm. “Wolf, don’t panic. Tell me slowly, what happened?” 
Margaret had picked up Wolf on the street. He was born mute and could only use sign 
language, but he could also make some sounds now. He was small and clean, about 11 years old. 
Wolf raised his arms to gesture to Wynter, looking dull and tough, his eyes charming. 
“Are you saying the mess outside was all done by Wanda?” Wynter’s voice turned cold. 
Wolf nodded and continued to gesture with a gravelly voice. 
Wynter raised her eyebrows. “She told you I’m not with the Yates now?” 
Wolf hummed and gestured, meaning Margaret was worried about her. 
“Why is she worried about me?” Wynter’s smile became colder. “It’s Wanda who should be worried.”
At this time, a sigh came from inside the house. It was Margaret, who had always been oblivious to worldly affairs. 
She looked up at Wynter as she came out in a wheelchair. “She’s your mother after all.” 
“She used to be, but not anymore.” Wynter’s eyes were clear. 
“Grandma, she took over the Yates family. You didn’t fight with her for the sake of your children and grandchildren, saying you prefer your current life. 
“Wanda wouldn’t have been so arrogant today without Ewan’s consent. He abandoned his mother after he married a wife. I’m sure you understand even if I don’t say it.” 
Margaret glanced at the fish tank beside her, her eyes blank. “I understand. I raised an 
Chapter 32 How Dare You Bully My Grandma 
ungrateful son. I deserved it myself.” 
Hearing this, Wynter calmed down. 
Even if their son was a scum, most mothers would deceive themselves and couldn’t accept any criticism about him. 
If Margaret were also such an irrational person, Wynter would never interfere again, even though Margaret treated her like her own. 
Whether to tolerate their bullies silently or get back at them, she left the decision to Margaret. She would then decide to stay or leave.
“Wynter.” Margaret looked at her with wise eyes. “I don’t want you to go. Southdale is a complicated place. The Scott family has connections in Kingbourne. 
“I’m worried you will get into trouble because of me. From today onward, I’ll cut ties with this son!” 
As she studied traditional medicine, Margaret had always been calm and had never been so cruel. 
Wynter saw her determination and knew the connection between mother and son was deep. Now that Margaret had confirmed her stance, Wynter would wait for her to let go in time. 
“I’ll listen to you.” Wynter squatted down, her eyes clear. “I won’t go if you don’t want me to.” 
Margaret stroked her long hair. “Wynter, my poor child. If they don’t want you, I’ll look after 
you and support your studies.”
###chapter33
Chapter 33 Make the Scotts and the Gibsons Go Bankrupt 
“Don’t worry about my studies,” Wynter pushed Margaret forward. “Just take good care of yourself. Listen to Wolf and eat less sweets.” 
Margaret muttered, “How can you not study? I heard Yvette is excellent in studies.” 
“Isn’t that great? Your granddaughter is smart like you,” Wynter chuckled. 
Margaret raised her head. “What about you? What will you do in the future?” 
“I can make money. I’ll survive.” Wynter took off Margaret’s shoes and socks. “Wolf, bring me a bucket of water.” 
Wolf hummed a response. He lifted a bucket, ran to fill it with water, and ran back again. He was strong and energetic. 
Wynter was used to it. 
Margaret laughed. “Wolf only becomes stronger but doesn’t grow taller. The day before yesterday, our neighbor bought a pair of lion statues but couldn’t carry them. He just went and lifted them without fear of breaking his hands.” 
Hearing this, Wynter raised her head. 
Wolf paused. 
Wynter chuckled. “He’s young and naturally strong.” 
Margaret tapped her hand. “Is that normal strength? It’s scary. Susan next door turned pale when she saw it.”
Wynter glanced back nonchalantly. “Did you hear that? Be careful next time.” 
Wolf nodded dully. 
Margaret sighed softly. “I’m confused by you again. Listen to me, you’re currently attending a college. It’s difficult to get admitted into university. How about I go look for…” 
“Grandma.” Wynter interrupted her with a smile, “There is no need. I can do it myself.” 
Having brought up Wynter since she was a child, Margaret knew she never bragged and had her own plans. 
Margaret didn’t persuade Wynter anymore. She decided to brazenly return to her old social circle to find connections on the coming weekend. 
Chapter 33 Make the Scotts and the Gibsons Go Bankrupt 
After Margaret soaked her feet and went to bed, only then Wynter left the room. 
Standing outside the door, Wolf made a couple of gestures. 
“I know.” Wynter said in a calm voice, “You go to bed. I’ll find a way to get the Zenith herb and the book back.” 
Wanda dared to take just about anything. It didn’t seem like she had lost her mind, but rather like someone had instructed her. 
After all, she used to despise the things in the traditional medicine clinic most. This time, she had suddenly taken the Zenith herb. The Gibsons were obviously supporting her.
Wynter’s eyes suddenly turned cold. It seemed banning the Gibson family wasn’t enough to make them behave. 
The night breeze blew slowly, and the locust flowers fell and scattered in the courtyard. Wynter walked over, picked one up, and put it in her m*uth. It tasted slightly sweet. 
Wolf slightly raised his head next to her, wondering why she was grinning. 
After a while, Wynter’s low and chilly voice came. “Autumn’s coming. Let’s make the Gibson and the Scott family go bankrupt.” 
Wolf’s eyes instantly widened. He didn’t look shocked but excited. He poked his face in excitement as if he could finally pull a prank after a long time. 
His eyes lit up. In the masseur uniform, he gestured quickly with his hands as a sly grin tugged at his l*ps. 
Seeing his sign language, Wynter flicked her fingers and smiled affectionately. “I haven’t let you out for a long time. You must be bored. 
“Go ahead. I want to know all the corrupt transactions and illegal surgeries by the Gibson family in three days. 
“I’ll make them spit out all the money they defrauded people of. As for the Scott family, you can take care of them.” 
With a hum and a nod, Wolf came out with a laptop under his arm. 
Who could have thought an 11–year–old mute boy was the notorious hacker, L, who had paralyzed the entire online banking system three years ago?
###chapter34
Chapter 34 You Won’t Die if You Don’t Do It 
Children had no concept of good and evil. Wolf was born with a ferocious look. After being abandoned by his parents, he didn’t know what was right or wrong. 
Rather than saying Margaret had taken him in, it’d be better to say he had stayed in the clinic after Wynter defeated him. 
His appearance had softened after exposure to herbal medicine in the past three years. But ruthlessness was still in his nature. Those targeted by him wouldn’t get away unscathed. 
Wynter sat in the courtyard, fidgeting with the locust flower, smiling leisurely. 
It was nighttime at the Gibson manor. Hilda was still lying in bed due to the stimulation. 
Many of her medical apprentices were downstairs now, waiting to show her their loyalty. 
Among them, Maverick Watson and Luke were the most prominent. Yvette wasn’t there because Hilda had called her and Wanda upstairs as soon as she woke up. 
When Yvette saw Hilda, her eyes reddened. She felt more distressed than when she saw her own grandmother. 
“Madam Gibson, what happened to you? Who angered you?” 
“It’s your fault.” With the cooling patch on her forehead, Hilda was about to curse when she thought of something and calmed down. “Well, I got tricked by the young lady.” 
Yvette was confused. “Young lady?”
“It’s that poor relative of yours, the country bumpkin.” Thinking of Wynter, Hilda gritted her teeth with hatred. “She had the nerve to play tricks in our hospital!” 
Yvette exclaimed, “She?” 
Hearing this, Wanda became furious. “That annoying brat!” 
What was with her? Why didn’t she return to the countryside to look for her biological parents? Despite her promise, she now followed them everywhere they went. 
She talked the talk but didn’t walk the walk. She just wanted more money! 
“Madam Gibson, rest assured. I’ll get rid of that brat,” Wanda assured her. 
Hilda pretended to be generous. 
“I won’t stoop to the level of a country bumpkin. But there is one thing I want to ask you. 
Chapter 34 You Won’t Die if You Don’t Do It 
Wanda, why did you never tell me this poor relative of yours has medical skills?” 
“Medical skills?” 
Wanda seemed to have heard a joke. “She? She’s just a college student. How can she have medical skills?” 
Hilda sighed, “That’s not true. Some scheming people can hide themselves well. She just fooled Mr. Lopez with her acupuncture skills. It’s ridiculous.” 
“Mr. Lopez?” Yvette became a little concerned when she heard this.
Wanda disagreed, “I know that brat. Her grades in school are poor. She never takes her studies seriously. She’s just learned some tricks to fool people from that poor old lady.” 
“Did she learn from Margaret?” Hilda suddenly sat up straight. “Didn’t you say she’s a distant relative? Why is she with Margaret?” 
Although the Yates family was a small and newly rising family, Margaret had certain capabilities and influence. Hilda had to be on her guard against her. 
Wanda didn’t understand why Hilda was concerned about the poor old lady. She changed the subject and opened the gift box. “Madam Gibson, don’t bother those people. Look what I brought you.” 
“Zenith herb!” Hilda stood up happily, her depression gone. “Awesome!” 
Wanda stepped forward. “And this, that poor old lady’s most precious book.” 
Acupuncture? No wonder Wynter’s technique was so special. So, it was Margaret who taught 
her!
###chapter35
Chapter 35 Fabian Quinnell Met With Wynter 
Chapter 35 Fabian Quinnell Met With Wynter 
Clearly, Madam Gibson got it wrong. Her eyes sparkled as she looked through the medical book. 
She said, “Wanda, you always do the right thing. With these two things on hand, we can definitely cure Mr. Yarwood’s illness!” 
“Really?” Wanda was overjoyed. 
She continued, “When can we visit Mr. Yarwood? I mean, can you take me along to learn more? You know, only the medical families were invited by the Yarwood family. The Yates 
and Scott families don’t have that kind of connection.” 
Now that they had the Zenith herb, Madam Gibson readily agreed without putting on airs. ” Of course, we’ll go together. After we heal Mr. Yarwood, I’ll introduce you to the Yarwood family.” 
Hearing this, Wanda got even more excited and started cozying up to Madam Gibson. 
On the other hand, Yvette stood aside, not saying much. She lowered her head, lost in thought. But Madam Gibson didn’t care about what she thought. 
So what if they missed out on the Quinnell family? Once she cured Dalton, the Gibson family 
would walk tall in the medical world.
Even if the Heavenly Medical Guild wanted to silence them, would they dare to go against the Yarwood family? 
Madam Gibson had it all figured out. She completely ignored Margaret and Yvette. She started to immerse herself, reading the medical book right in front of them. 
Upon seeing this, Yvette’s frown deepened until she left the Gibson house. 
“Mom.” Yvette thought it over and felt something was off. “Could grandma have passed on some real skills to Wynter?” 
Wanda scoffed, “What kind of real skills could that poor old lady have? All she knows is how 
to mess with her worthless herbal residues. She even caused someone’s death with her 
treatments in the past. 
“Yvette, you better not say such things in front of your master. She doesn’t get along with your grandma.” 
“But my master’s behavior seems odd.” Yvette was full of doubts. “Should we look into it?” 
Chapter 35 Fabian Quinnell Met With Wynter 
Wanda waved her hand dismissively. “What’s there to investigate? If that poor old lady had any real skills, would she be cooped up in a foot massage shop? You haven’t seen her place. It’s tiny and shabby.” 
“Well, what about Wynter?” Yvette tilted her head.
“Mom, how did she suddenly learn acupuncture? Didn’t you and Dad always say she’s not quick on the uptake? She couldn’t grasp math, no matter how much we tried to teach her. 
“Even with a math tutor and extra classes at home, she still ended up last in her class. She had to repeat grades until she could only get into a technical secondary school.” 
Wanda frowned too. “That’s true. But we should really check on that girl. I want to know why she’s staying in Southdale and not leaving. 
“If she’s up to no good, we might just have someone beat her up and dump her in the suburbs!” 
Wanda was getting annoyed with Wynter always hanging around them. If money couldn’t settle it, then it was time for Wynter to learn her lesson the hard way! 
Hearing this, Yvette felt relieved. She giggled and hooked her arm through Wanda’s. “I always knew Mom was the best.” 
“Yvette, what you need to do now is to learn well from your master. In a few days, when you meet Mr. Yarwood, make sure to impress him.” 
Wanda was confident in her daughter’s looks. Her gentle and delicate appearance was the most endearing. Unlike that fake one, who was so rebellious! 
“One day, you’re going to be Mrs. Yarwood. Wynter will only go from bad to worse. You’re simply not in the same league. From now on, don’t mention her often, understand?” 
Yvette smiled sweetly. “Understood.” 
They had their heads in the clouds, dreaming away. Little did they know that the Gibson family they were relying on would soon be in ruins.
The next day, Wynter walked to the Traditional Medicine Hospital, carrying only a black bag and nothing else. 
As soon as she entered room 601, she heard a loud laugh. “So this is our lifesaver, the genius doctor?”
###chapter36
Chapter 36 Fablan Recognized Wynter? 
Wynter glanced up, looking in the direction of the voice. 
Fabian was awake, resting on the hospital bed. Despite his age, his eyes didn’t show signs of aging. Instead, he exuded a calm and steady demeanor. 
It was a vibe only some could possess, resulting from years of ups and downs in the business. world. 
Even in the business world, when it comes to temperament, ten Ewan Yates put together might not measure up to this elderly gentleman. 
Even though he had not fully recovered yet, you could sense the authority in his tone. 
Aside from Fabian, that handsome patient from yesterday was also there. 
He sat by the bedside with his legs crossed, not wearing a suit today. He exuded a sickly charm, placing his slender, pale hands on his knee. 
It looked like he was playing chess with Fabian. He smiled when he saw her enter the room. 
Wynter gave him a polite nod. Then, she put down her black bag and walked over to Fabian. She smiled politely and said, “I wouldn’t dare to call myself a lifesaver. It’s our duty as doctors to treat patients.” 
However, Fabian’s hand froze when he saw her exceptionally beautiful face. He completely forgot to make a chess move. 
This genius doctor looked so much like his lover when she was younger!
If he hadn’t been so busy starting his business in the past, his lover wouldn’t have left Kingbourne to move to Frenda. 
Fabian sank into thought, but his eyes couldn’t leave Wynter’s face. He wondered if she was his little princess, as she looked so similar. 
Fabian got excited and couldn’t help but blurt out a question, “Dr. Genius, are you from Southdale? Have you ever visited Kingbourne or perhaps visited the Empire State Building?” 
When he asked this, he gripped the chess piece tightly, like he was hoping for something. 
This made Dalton, who was always perceptive, pause for a moment as well. His good- looking eyes turned towards her. 
Wynter put her bag down and avoided his gaze. 
Chapter 36 Fabian Recognized Wynter? 
“Yes, I’m a local, I haven’t left here yet. I’ve seen the Empire State Building on TV. My classmates say you have to see it in person to understand how magnificent it is,” 
Saying this, Wynter smiled. “Someday, I’ll take my grandma there.” 
She didn’t need to share her family’s matters with the patients. Besides, the reason “Dr. Miracle” could keep her whereabouts a mystery was because Wynter chose to stay hidden. 
Although Fabian had anticipated the answer, his hand holding the chess piece drooped after hearing it. It was as if his whole spirit had deflated.
He calmed his emotions before saying, “It’s just my old eyes playing tricks on me and my mind getting muddled. Dr. Genius, please don’t mind me.” 
“Not at all.” Wynter couldn’t bear to see the old man distressed. 
After a moment of thought, she added, “Mr. Quinnell, your family has been doing good deeds for generations. Your descendants will not suffer. I’m sure your little princess will come back safely.” 
Hearing this, Fabian sat up straighter and gave her a crinkly–eyed smile. “I hope so.” 
Seeing the old man happy, Wynter also smiled. 
Suddenly, Dalton spoke up. His voice was calm and somewhat indifferent. “How did you know the Quinnell family was looking for someone?” 
It was a tricky question. 
Wynter narrowed her eyes slightly. When she looked at Dalton again, the corners of her eyes curved into a smile. 
“Just a guess. Yesterday, when I was treating Mr. Quinnell with acupuncture, he kept mumbling ‘little princess‘ over and over.” 
“I thought Ryan told you.” Dalton tilted his head and smiled at her, continuing to play chess. “It doesn’t matter how you know. You’re one of us.”
###chapter37
Chapter 37 Dalton Wanted to Break Off the Engagement 
When Fabian heard the words “one of us“, he found it quite strange. “Since when do you consider someone ‘one of us‘?” 
“Mr. Quinnell, now I’m just like you. My life is in the hands of Dr. Genius.” Dalton brushed off his sleeve. “Of course, I have to befriend her.” 
Fabian couldn’t tell if he was telling the truth or not. 
Dalton was hard to figure out. Although he looked weak and sickly, he was cunning on the inside. 
Fabian also wondered if he had made the right decision by arranging the engagement between his little princess and Dalton. 
To be fair, this little brat was quite handsome. Every young woman in their circle liked him. 
No, he had to keep him for his little princess. He couldn’t agree to his attempt to break off the engagement! 
“So you’re saying your illness can be cured?” Fabian huffed, “Then why on earth are you here talking about calling off the engagement?” 
Dalton frowned. “Mr. Quinnell, let’s keep matters separate.” 
“I won’t agree anyway.” 
Fabian didn’t care what he said. “If you really want to call it off, wait until my little princess returns. Say it to her face!”
Dalton understood what he meant, knowing there was room for negotiation. “I’ll have The Shadows and Ryan Lloyd continue the search.” 
“That’s more like it.” 
Having an engagement called off wasn’t something to be proud of. But Fabian took it in stride and shifted his gaze to Wynter. “Sorry, Dr. Genius. Please don’t mind.” 
Wynter shook her head and brought over her first aid kit. “Shall we start today’s treatment?” 
Seeing this, Fabian was even more impressed with this unnamed genius doctor. Indeed, just as his people said, this young lady was extraordinary. 
From the moment she walked in, her eyes had shown resilience. No matter what they said or how much crucial information was exposed, her gaze never wavered. 
Chapter 37 Dalton Wanted to Break Off the Engagement 
It was as if her sole purpose today was to treat them, regardless of their status. 
Fabian had been in business for many years. He had met all sorts of people and admired those who knew exactly what they needed to do and did it. 
This young lady had a broad perspective at such a young age. Even if she wasn’t the savior of the Quinnell family, her future was undoubtedly promising. 
“What did you eat this morning? And what medications have you used? I need to know your diet and prescriptions before I proceed with the acupuncture,” Wynter said professionally. 
Fabian couldn’t remember such trivial details, so he called for Dr. Lopez from the hospital.
Dr. Lopez was keen to grab this chance and came quickly. 
After checking the records, Wynter started the acupuncture. Her hands seemed to precisely measure every joint and acupoint in the body. 
At first, Fabian didn’t pay much attention. But when her silver needle touched his skin, a cool sensation flowed from the bottom up, refreshing him and clearing his mind. 
The heavy burden he had felt these past days seemed to lift. His chest felt lighter, and the dull pain he had been feeling miraculously disappeared! 
Fabian looked up 
in astonishment! 
But he saw Dalton beside him, appearing as if he was used to this! 
Dr. Lopez, who had come to assist, was wide–eyed. He looked at Wynter as if she were a live research subject. 
What was going on? 
Wynter twirled the needle and said, “Mr. Quinnell, you should take care of yourself. Cut down on cigarettes and eat more vegetables.” 
Fabian nodded and couldn’t help but ask, “Dr. Genius, where did you put that needle? How come I feel like all my illness is gone with just one prick?” 
Chapter 38 Dr. Genius Was Poor?
###chapter38
Chapter 38 Dr. Genius Was Poor? 
“Detox acupuncture points.” Unlike the emergency treatments, Wynter used only three needles on Fabian, and each one made him crave more. 
It was an incredible feeling, as if all the blockages in his organs were gone, making him feel rejuvenated! 
Fabian was full of admiration. “A true genius! You’re so young yet possess such medical skills. Traditional medicine won’t decline with talents like 
you.” 
“It’s all thanks to my grandma.” Wynter placed her palm against his back and pressed down as she spoke. 
Before Fabian could even react, he heard a dull “crack“. 
“This is… bone–setting?” Fabian turned to look at her. 
Wynter nodded. “Yes. When I applied the needles, I noticed your thoracic vertebrae were protruding a little. Try moving it now.” 
“It’s not stiff anymore.” Fabian didn’t expect that this young lady would cure his chronic problem. 
Other traditional medicine practitioners had treated him before. As they were all cautious because of his status, they dared not twist and press his body too vigorously. 
This problem wasn’t serious. It was just that sitting for long periods and being in long meetings made him stiff and uncomfortable when trying to sleep.
Now, as Fabian moved his arm, he felt relieved. Strangely enough, he was sweating profusely, his patient gown soaked through. 
Initially, Dr. Lopez thought this was abnormal. That was until Wynter said, “As you’re sweating now, I can remove the needles now.” 
It was then that Dr. Lopez realized this was all deliberately done by Dr. Genius. 
“Can acupuncture points really induce sweating?” Dalton, who had been quiet, leaned in closer. His voice was right behind Wynter’s ear. 
Wynter turned around and saw his captivating face. He looked curious and eager to learn. 
“There are 12 meridians and 362 acupuncture points in the human body. Among them, LR–3 and GB– 21 points are specifically for detoxification.” 
Chapter 38 Dr. Genius Was Poor? 
Wynter packed up her needles, closing her first aid kit. “Mr. Quinnell, that’s enough for today’s session. After another round of acupuncture tomorrow, you’ll be ready to leave the hospital.” 
Fabian looked at her gratefully and then glanced at his assistant, Hugo Wright. Hugo quickly took a card from his suit pocket. “Dr. Genius, here’s a million. Please accept it.” 
“That’s too much,” Wynter said calmly, sticking to her principles related to payment. 
“For Mr. Quinnell’s treatment, ten thousand a day should cover it.” That was her standard charge for treating noble and virtuous families.
Fabian looked at Wynter and pretended to be serious. “How is that too much? Is my life not worth a million?” 
“It is.” 
Wynter didn’t refuse further. The repeated refusal wasn’t her style. If the patient was willing to pay, she would 
she would accept. 
“Dr. Miracle” typically treated people based on the price they were willing to offer. After taking the card, she chuckled, “I’ll have to think about how to spend this million.” 
After all, there were still many who thought she was poor and wanted to take advantage of that, like the nearly fallen “Gibson family” and “Scott family“. 
Dalton didn’t know what she was thinking but remembered what Ryan had said that morning after hearing her words. 
“We thought Dr. Genius didn’t care about anything, but actually, she’s had a tough life.” 
While serving them breakfast, Ryan continued, “Well, I sent Dr. Genius home yesterday. Mr. Quinnell, Mr. Yarwood, guess what? 
“That old alley was pitch black, not a streetlight in sight. Her place isn’t a clinic but just a foot massage shop. She sleeps there at night. 
“Alas, they say a poor man’s child matures early. At her age, Dr. Genius should be in school. Instead, she goes around treating people for the sake of her family.
“You don’t know. When I saw her in the square, she was drenched in sweat, providing free treatment to the elderly. She said she doesn’t charge the poor. Such a kind heart.” 
Ryan’s words were still fresh in his mind. 
Dalton’s brow furrowed as he looked at the young woman before him. He suddenly said, ” You have not charged me for my treatment yet.”
###chapter39
Chapter 39 She Was Really Poor 
Wynter didn’t know Ryan had told everyone she was “very poor” after taking her home yesterday. 
She gave Dalton a puzzled look and said, “I have not treated you yet. Why should I charge a treatment fee?” 
“It’s for the lozenges you gave me yesterday,” Dalton said. Then, he gave a signal to Ethan. 
Ethan actually meant to ask when Dr. Genius would treat Dalton. He quickly handed her a black card with gold lettering. “Dr. Genius.” 
“Let’s talk about it after I’ve treated him.” Wynter packed up her first aid kit. 
Ethan thought she was about to leave and asked, “Dr. Genius, what are you doing?” 
“Packing up.” Wynter was puzzled. “What’s wrong?” 
Ethan blushed and said, “You haven’t treated my master with acupuncture yet.” 
“Him?” Wynter walked up to Dalton. “Are you in a hurry?” 
Dalton’s voice was pleasant. “It’s up to you.” 
Wynter hummed thoughtfully and then said, “Then you come with me.” 
Come with her? Where were they going? Both Ethan and Dr. Lopez were a bit stunned. 
But Dalton just calmly said, “Okay.” 
Wynter turned to say goodbye to Fabian.
Fabian also wanted to follow, but Hugo stopped him. “Mr. Quinnell, you’re still recovering. Dr. Genius said you need to rest.” 
Fabian stood up, leaning on his cane. He looked out the window at the beautiful young woman. “If my little princess were here, she would be about her 
age.” 
“Mr. Quinnell, Ms. Quinnell is blessed with good fortune.” Hugo looked down and continued, “We’re already in Southdale. We’ll eventually locate Ms. Quinnell.” 
Fabian’s eyes flared with the suppressed urgency from before. 
“Go, send people to Havenlight County again. Make it high–profile this time. Pay anyone who provides information. I need to know what’s really going on here.” 
“Yes.” Hugo accepted the order. 
Chapter 39 She Was Really Poor 
The wind rustled through the treetops outside the window. The weather had turned a bit cooler. 
The group walked along Daisy Alley outside the hospital. 
Dr. Lopez, who had been working at the hospital for quite some time, had never noticed such a rundown alley in the area before. 
“Sir, please walk slowly. Watch your step,” Ethan couldn’t help but speak up, lifting and lowering the umbrella that he was holding.
Dalton had never walked on this kind of path before. His custom–made leather shoes looked distinctly out of place on the bluestone pavement. 
But in demeanor and posture, he was the most extraordinary, seemingly unaffected by his surroundings.. 
“We’re here.” Wynter stopped. 
Under the backdrop of green tiles and white walls, Dalton, with his star–like face and tall stature, almost seemed like a model. 
“Wynter, is this your friend?” Susan, who had come out to pour water, was surprised. 
“He doesn’t look like someone from around here.” 
Ethan turned to block her gaze. 
Susan was taken aback. “My goodness! So fierce.” 
Seeing the scar on Ethan’s face, she quietly pulled Wynter aside. “Wynter, if your family is in trouble, just say it. It’s okay even if someone is chasing you for debts.” 
Wynter chuckled, “Susan, you misunderstood. He’s a patient.” 
“A patient?” Susan exclaimed, “He must be here for your grandma’s massage, right?” 
Wynter didn’t deny it. “Yes.” 
Susan urged, “Then you better hurry!”
The patient looked so fierce, and the other one was extremely handsome! They seemed very wealthy, which must be a big deal for the Yates family! 
Dalton did not pay attention to this small matter but fixed his gaze on the signboard for five seconds. Then, he came to a conclusion. She was really poor.
###chapter40
Chapter 40 Dr. Genius Was Born In A Poor Family 
The medicine store looked much better inside than outside. 
Initially, Ethan was worried that the place was too dirty for Dalton to get treated. But it was clean and neat, with an old–fashioned layout. 
There were wooden cabinets in the middle, making it look like an old house in Kingbourne, resembling a pharmacy from the olden times. 
Dalton looked around the store before his gaze landed on a painting. He casually played with the beads on his wrist. 
Seeing this, Wynter walked over to him and said, “It’s a replica.” 
“But could it be real?” Dalton said with a playful look. 
Wynter smiled. “What if it is?” 
Dalton stayed silent, staring at the painting as his eyes darkened. 
Even in her tangled sleeping pose, Marie’s youth and beauty stood out, mirroring the deep emotions Picasso poured into his painting. 
If he hadn’t known that the real “Nude, Green Leaves and Bust” had been purchased by an overseas collector, he might have thought this painting was the real deal. 
Dr. Lopez was intrigued. “Opening a foot massage shop like this in a modern city is quite an idea!” 
“Medicine store,” Wynter corrected him.
Dr. Lopez quickly rectified, “This medicine store is quite something!” 
“Wynter, is that you?” 
Margaret walked out of the room with her cane. She was surprised to see so many people, but then she smiled. “Are all of you Wynter’s friends?” 
Ethan was quick to respond, “Yes, friends!” 
Margaret nodded and then glanced at Dalton. “And this gentleman too?” 
“He…” 
Before Wynter could speak, Dalton nodded and said, “Yes.” 
“Wynter, you have so many friends over, but you didn’t even tell Grandma,” Margaret 
Chapter 40 Dr Genius Was Born in A Poor Family 
jokingly complained while looking at Wynter. 
“I could have asked Wolf to buy more ingredients and prepare a nice meal for you all.” 
Wynter brought over a wheelchair for Margaret to sit in, “Grandma, they’re not here for a meal. My friend is feeling a bit under the weather. I brought him here for some moxibustion. 
# 
As an experienced doctor, Margaret could tell a lot from Dalton’s complexion. “Wynter, your friend, he’s just feeling unwell?”
“Just unwell,” Wynter’s eyes twinkled. 
“He has a weak spleen and slow digestion. I’ll give him a massage. Don’t worry, Grandma, I won’t do anything reckless.” 
Margaret patted her hand and said, “You must remember Grandma’s words.” 
“I remember. For minor ailments, we do massages. If there’s a serious problem, we don’t prescribe medicines or do massages. 
“We send them to the hospital across the street. Our medicine store doesn’t treat serious illnesses.” Wynter smiled softly. 
Wynter didn’t remember much about her past. She did recall Wanda whispering it in her ear when she had just woken up. 
Wanda said that Margaret had once caused the patient’s death and warned her to stay away from the medicine store. This incident weighed heavily on Margaret’s mind. 
Ever since Wynter started getting involved with the medicine store, Margaret had been worried. She was afraid that another accident might occur. 1 
Wynter lowered her gaze, feeling that this matter wasn’t as simple as it seemed. However, it had been a long time since it happened. She needed to find the right opportunity to investigate further. 
Margaret didn’t know what Wynter was thinking. She thought Wynter just got distracted again. She gently touched Wynter’s hair and smiled. “My granddaughter is such a good girl.” 
Wynter bent down a little to let Margaret touch her hair, looking very obedient.
Dr. Lopez was shocked watching this. Was this the same Dr. Genius who usually looked at everyone so seriously? 
Ethan also looked concerned. “Sir, her grandma’s leg…“
###chapter41
Chapter 41 Meeting The Family? 
‘Don’t say too much,” Dalton whispered, still looking incredibly handsome. 
Margaret wheeled herself closer and said to Dalton and the others, “It’s the first time Wynter has brought friends to the medicine store. You kids have fun. 
“There’s tea in the courtyard. Drink it up to help with digestion. I’ll go out and buy some shrimp to cook for you.” 
Margaret had a keen eye for people. She knew this young man was not an ordinary person and might not really be a friend of Wynter’s. But seeing her granddaughter bring someone 
home made her happy. 
In the past, Wynter didn’t like this medicine store. She used to say that staying here made her smell like herbs. Her classmates would tease her. So, she wouldn’t stay for meals. 
Wynter used to visit Margaret secretly, not wanting others to know. She was afraid that she would get a lecture from Wanda when she returned home. 
Margaret understood that even though she had raised Wynter, she would naturally feel closer to her mother. And Wanda wasn’t likely to speak well of Margaret in front of Wynter. 
Margaret was aware of all this. 
Later, as Wynter grew up, her visits became less frequent. Sometimes, only once in six 
months. She always said she was too busy.
But three months ago, after Wynter had an accident and hurt her head, things changed. Not only did her personality seem different, but she also helped renovate the medicine store. 
Margaret was content with how things were. She never expected Wynter to follow in her footsteps and take over her job. She had raised Wynter and knew her granddaughter didn’t really have the knack for it. 
She just wanted Wynter to have more friends. The people they used to know were all about status. Once Wynter was out of their circle, they disappeared like they were never friends. 
These young men seemed nice. At least they were still hanging out with Wynter. 
Margaret was too friendly. Even Ethan couldn’t keep a stern face. He just looked at Dalton, 
But Dalton had a sensitive stomach. Hence, he couldn’t risk eating food outside. If anything 
went wrong, Ethan’s job was on the line. 
But then Dr. Genius smiled too. “Grandma, they all want to eat. Please buy more. And get a pumpkin. I want to make porridge.” 
Dr. Genius, don’t… Ethan tried to refuse. 
But Dalton interrupted, “We’ll bother you then, ma’am.” 
He looked at Margaret with a faint smile, showing impeccable manners. “Let Ethan 
you. He can help carry things.” 
Margaret refused. “No need. You kids chat. I need to move around a bit.” 
Ethan wanted to speak up, but he couldn’t find the words.
go with 
Wynter smiled. “Grandma and Susan Perry go to the market together every day. You don’t need to go.” 
“Exactly, us old folks have our friendships too,” Margaret said as she picked up an eco- 
friendly plastic bag. 
She muttered to herself, “It’s just that Wolf isn’t here to boil the water. He’s been gone since yesterday, probably off picking mushrooms on some hill again.” 
It was the season for fresh mushrooms in Southdale. There wouldn’t be any good ones left 
if collected too late. 
Many kids of Wolf’s age went to the hills, so Margaret wasn’t really worried about him 
being away. 
Dr. Lopez moved slightly closer to Wynter and asked, “Dr. Genius, why do I feel like I’ve seen your grandma somewhere before?” 
“You must be mistaken.” Wynter didn’t want to discuss this topic. 
Dr. Lopez stood there, wiping his glasses. Could he have been mistaken? 
Maybe he had been mistaken. The person he had encountered before was a quack who 
caused a patient’s death. That couldn’t possibly be Dr. Genius’s grandma.
###chapter42
Chapter 42 Treating The Stomach 
“Dr. Lopez.” Wynter’s voice was calm. 
Dr. Lopez Immediately straightened up. “I’m here.” 
“Do you know how to prepare herbs and boil water?” Wynter nodded towards the medicine 
cabinet. 
Dr. Lopez nodded. “I do, but I’m a bit slow.” 
“Prepare jujube, Poria, and fried Atractylodes. Keep them ready.” Wynter glanced sideways. “If someone comes for a massage, come and find me.” 
Dr. Lopez wondered if he, as a lead surgeon, was being ordered around as a receptionist. 
Wynter smiled. “Don’t want to do it?” 
Dr. Lopez rolled up his sleeves. “My pleasure.” 
He was here to learn her medical skills, so being a receptionist was nothing! 
After giving instructions, Wynter took Dalton into the room. The room had a soft couch in the center. As soon as Dalton walked in, he could smell the scent of mugwort. 
Under the soft couch, it seemed to be connected to something. On a closer look, Dalton 
noticed it was linked to an outdoor fireplace. 
It was similar to the old hearths in countryside homes from the ’80s and ’90s, but there was a slight difference. Beneath the couch lay a layer of mugwort, separated by a light purple gauze, which seemed
more modern. 
“Take off your clothes,” Wynter said as she opened her first aid kit and casually picked up a wooden hairpin to tie up her waist-length hair. “Lie down.” 
What? 
Was she asking Dalton to take off his clothes in this place? And lie down? 
Ethan, carrying a wooden bucket, had a very conflicted expression on his face! 
Dalton hadn’t let anyone touch him since he was four. He did everything himself, and even, 
the maids kept their distance from him. Even abroad, Dalton stayed in his own estates. 
And now, Dr. Genius was asking Dalton to undress and lie down in a medicine store? 
Chapter 47 Tresung The Escenach 
Ethan couldn’t help but worry. Dr. Genius shouldn’t put her own life on the line to treat 
Dalton. 
Wynter didn’t think much and continued preparing the medicine concoction. 
Dalton, standing by the soft couch, raised an eyebrow. His eyes grew darker. “Are you sure you want me to take off my clothes here?” 
Wynter turned up the heat and smiled brightly. This is the best place for your treatment. The gauze on the couch is sterilized, so it’s clean.” 
Dalton didn’t move, just looked at her.
“You don’t have to be shy.” Wynter dipped her hands into the medicine concoction. She looked serious as she said, “No one will come in.” 
Ethan wondered if Dr. Genius had forgotten that she was a woman. He was certain Mr. Yarwood would not take off his clothes. 
But then Dalton laughed and started to take off his coat. 
Ethan was stunned. 
Wynter looked back at Dalton, “Take off your shirt too.” 
Dalton hesitated for a moment but did as he was told. His eyes darkened. When he got to 
the second button of his shirt, he glanced to the side. 
Ethan felt a chill down his spine and left the room immediately! 
Once it was only the two of them, Dalton took off his shirt and lay on the soft couch. 
His black trousers and well-defined muscles made him look thin yet sturdy under the dim 
light. His dark hair fell over his forehead, making him look very dangerous. 
No one would think he was a chronically ill patient. He looked more like someone in 
command. 
Wynter smiled faintly and touched his stomach directly. 
Dalton narrowed his eyes and raised an eyebrow.
“Relax,” Wynter said professionally, “I’m treating your stomach.” 
Then she placed her hand on Dalton’s stomach. Centered on the navel, she started to 
gently rub in a clockwise direction.
###chapter43
Chapter 43 Too Ordinary To Catch Your Eye 
Dalton tilted his head and closed his eyes. 
Each time Wynter lowered her head, the tips of her hair brushed against his arm, 
When being massaged, senses tend to heighten. Daltor’s gaze intensified as he saw her hair parted to one side. 
The massage was only twenty minutes, but he found himself wanting to play with her long hair several times as if he were under a spell. 
“All done,” Wynter said calmly. She completed the massage with thumb pressure on acupuncture points below the knee. “You can wear your clothes now.” 
It was then that Dalton noticed he was sweating a lot. But this wasn’t the cold sweat he was used to with his illness. His body felt warm and cozy instead. 
He looked up at Wynter. His eyes were dark, gaze inscrutable. “Thank you.” 
“We had limited time today. So, I just worked on stimulating your appetite.” 
Wynter was sweating as well. Her face glistened with sweat, and her long hair lay damp against her neck, making her l*ps look even redder. She seemed aloof and captivating. 
Dalton felt an odd itch in his throat and adjusted the shirt he had just buttoned up. 
Wynter turned to pick up a needle. Then, she placed her hand on Dalton again, seemingly pressing on acupuncture points. 
Now sitting up, Dalton could feel her breath even closer.
She inserted the needles into his neck, inch by inch. The sensation was cool and gentle, making his heart race. 
Wynter seemed to notice his pulse. “Your breath is a bit uneven. Are you feeling hot?” 
“Hmm,” Dalton said softly, turning his handsome face to the right. 
“How much longer?” he said in a low and husky voicé. 
“Not long, just six needles. Hang in there,” Wynter replied professionally. 
Dalton fixed his gaze on her face. “Dr. Genius, you seem quite familiar with this treatment, 
method.” 
Chapter 43 Too Ordinary To Catch Your Eye 
This treatment method?” Wynter raised an eyebrow. 
Dalton reminded her, “You’re too close.” 
“Oh, sorry.” Wynter realized her position might be a bit inappropriate. 
He sat there with his shirt partly unbuttoned. His slightly pursed thin l*ps and messy black 
hair added to his stunningly rugged beauty. 
But his pale face was flushed by the heat of the mugwort. Wynter’s hand was on his wrist while she leaned forward. She probably touched his leg by accident. 
In the mirror, she did seem like a temptress from a dark tale, teasing a restrained and virtuous angel. 
And all because this man was too handsome. No matter what she did, it seemed
suggestive. 
Wynter sighed inwardly and pulled her hand back. “I’ll be more mindful.” 
“It’s nothing.” Dalton adjusted his shirt. “You see so many patients. It’s normal to overlook 
these details.” 
Wynter nodded, her eyes clear and pure. “Indeed. Don’t worry. I’m not lusting after you. me, whether you’re a man or a woman, it’s all the same.” 
Wynter said that to make sure her patient felt comfortable. 
To 
But Dalton took it differently. He smiled, his eyes intensely dark. “So I’m just too ordinary to catch your eye.” 
Wynter was at a loss for words. 
Just then, Ethan walked in and heard what Dalton said. His eyes widened in shock at their posture before him. 
The wooden bucket clattered to the floor! 
Ethan stammered, “Dr. Genius, what… what are you doing to Mr. Yarwood?” 
“I…” Wynter wanted to explain, but suddenly, a loud shout came from outside. 
“Oh, no! Wynter! Someone’s blocking your grandma in the alley, saying she’s responsible for a patient’s death!”
###chapter44
Chapter 44 Wynter Got Into A Fight 
As soon as she heard this, Wynter dashed out from the door before anyone could react. She moved fast, grabbing a wooden stick nearby. Her eyes were cold and fierce. 
A crowd had gathered in the alley. All of them were neighbors who had just returned from 
the market. 
“What’s going on here?” 
“They’ve come to find Margaret Yates, saying she had caused someone’s death.” 
“It can’t be.” 
“Why not? Traditional medicine is hard to tell.” 
“I just had my neck treated by her yesterday. Could something have gone wrong?” 
“If this is true, we can’t go to her anymore.” 
Margaret listened to the murmurs around her. Her hand clutching the cane had turned 
white, and her legs were trembling. 
The accuser laughed arrogantly, “No wonder you’re living so carefree here. Seems like nobody knows about your past deeds.” 
He shook his head and mocked her, “You think it’s still the same as before? Traditional 
medicine is on the decline. And you dare to compete with the Gibson family?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. Move over!” Margaret said coldly, trying to walk 
away. 
The man blocked her path and verbally abused her, “Stop pretending, old cripple. Wasn’t it your idea to send that girl to the hospital?” 
Wynter? Margaret abruptly raised her head. “Are you talking about Wynter?” 
“I don’t care what her name is,” the man sneered. 
“I wouldn’t be here if my aunt hadn’t asked me to come in person. Old cripple, you must be 
eager to attend the Yarwood family’s medical seminar, right? Here, take this!” 
He threw an “invitation” at Margaret. “If you think you’re capable, then go treat Mr. 
Yarwood. Let’s see if you old hag can…” 
Chapter 44 Wypiter Gat intri A 
Before he could finish his sentence, Wynter kicked him. The kick landed him on his knees, hitting the ground hard! 
“Who dares to kick me…” The man tried to turn around in pain. 
Wynter pressed her hand on his shoulder. She said indifferently, “Me.” 
“You!” The man couldn’t stand up and tried to swing a fist. 
Wynter leaned down and pressed harder. She said slowly, “Who did you just call ‘old hag‘?”
The man was in so much pain he started sweating. The pressure on his shoulder felt like a mountain. He couldn’t move even a tiny bit. 
“What… what does this have to do with you?” 
“I don’t have much patience. Better watch your tone, or else…” Wynter got close to his ear 
and said, “I’ll dislocate your bones.” 
The man sensed that she was serious. The joints around his shoulder were already out of place. He widened his eyes in pain. “Miss… Miss, let’s talk nicely.” 
“Wynter.” Margaret was worried that the neighbors around were all watching, which 
wouldn’t be good for Wynter’s reputation. 
But Wynter didn’t care about it. She said calmly, “Grandma, such wicked people should be punished, so they can’t harm others.” 
“Look who it is, the fake heiress who got kicked out!” 
The man was sweating but scoffed, “You better let me go. Grandma’s got a shady past, and the granddaughter’s got no shame. Let’s see who can leave when the police arrive!” 
The word “police” made Margaret step forward to pull Wynter away. 
She took a deep breath and looked at the man. “George, you’re here for me. If you have something to say, say it. Leave my granddaughter out of this.” 
“I’ve given you the invitation” George Gibson shook his arm and said arrogantly, “The Gibson family is generous.
“We’re not sneaky like you, treating patients secretly. Now, my aunt is giving you this chance to openly suck up to the Yarwood family.” 
Margaret looked at him and asked, “What’s Hilda up to now?” 
Chapter 44 Wynter Got into A Fight 
“You’ve ended up like this. Who would bother with you?” George sneered. 
“If you’re not confident in your medical skills, just admit it. You’re probably afraid of using the wrong medicine and killing someone again, right?” 
His words stirred whispers and accusations around them. 
Margaret’s hands froze, not moving. 
George laughed mockingly, “I knew you wouldn’t…” 
“Three days later? At the Yarwood family?” A teasing laugh interrupted him.
###chapter45
Claimala 
Chapter 45 Wynter Decided to Take Action Herself 
It was Wynter. She held the invitation card between her fingers, her eyes cold. 
“Go back and tell Mrs. Gibson Senior that we, the Empathy Clinic, will be on time for the appointment. Hopefully, the Gibson family can hold on and won’t get into any trouble.” 
“What do you think the Gibson family is? Can we even get into trouble?” George looked as if he had heard a joke. 
He was extremely haughty. “Let me tell you, no one in Southdale dares to lay a finger on the Gibson family. The Gibson family is the law of Southdale. You better remember this, young lady.” 
“I always remember.” Wynter was eating a sweet, and the look in her eyes darkened. 
George only thought that Wynter didn’t know much about the Gibson family. He then left 
arrogantly. 
Wynter looked at George’s back and slightly squinted her eyes. 
George didn’t take his twisted arm seriously in the first place. But after he walked out of the alley and got into the car, his expression suddenly changed. 
Why did he feel like he had lost sensation in his arm? 
He tried to swing his arm but found that the joints seemed to be completely broken. His arm was so limp, and the joints couldn’t even be connected.
“Hurry! Let’s go home and find Aunt Hilda!” George shouted, breaking out in a cold sweat. 
He wondered if he was disabled. 
“No. I’m not,” George murmured to himself, looking pale. “Aunt Hilda will definitely heal me! 
His driver didn’t know what happened. He turned around and looked at him. “Is something 
wrong, Mr. George?” 
“Quick! Drive faster!” George yelled anxiously. 
From the entrance of the alley, Wynter withdrew her gaze. There was still hostility in her 
eyes. 
The onlookers were still staring at them. Margaret was obviously looking a little out of 
state. 
Wynter picked up the shopping bag from the ground and smiled at Margaret. “Let’s go home, Grandma. My friends are still waiting to eat the shrimp that you cook.” 
Margaret came back to her senses and replied, “Let’s go home now. Look at me. I’m so forgetfui.” 
The crowd was still there. Wynter greeted them while holding Margaret’s arm to help her walk. “Did you buy a pumpkin too, Aunt Ruth?” 
“Yeah. That’s right.” Ruth Webb looked a little awkward. “Hurry up and help your grandma to walk home, Wynter. I think she’s worried about something.” 
Wynter replied with a brief smile, “Okay.”
Given her attitude, the people gossiping earlier said nothing. They were all neighbors after 
all. 
Susan even helped her to pick up the groceries. “Don’t take it to heart, Wynter. Ruth and the other neighbors don’t have any bad intentions.” 
“I know,” Wynter said indifferently. “I’ll put the saddle on the right horse.” 
She knew very well who she should pick the bone with. 
Susan let out a breath upon hearing Wynter’s words. But actually, she was still a little 
scared. Everyone else avoided walking past the clinic. 
Margaret had lived in the neighborhood for such a long time. But this was the first time Susan heard Margaret caused someone’s death during treatment. 
How could the others not be afraid? The clinic suddenly became very quiet. 
Sergio had followed Wynter with a conflicted expression. After Wynter sent Margaret back to the house, he couldn’t help but ask, “Is your grandma Margaret Yates, Dr. Genius?” 
Wynter closed the door and glanced aloofly at him. “What? Have you heard of her name 
before?” 
“1…” 
Sergio was timid due to Wynter’s powerful presence. “Some older family members 
mentioned some rumors.”
Wynter smiled, but her eyes turned cold. “What are the rumors? I haven’t heard any of 
Chapter 45 Wynter Decided to Take Action Herself 
those. Can you tell me?” 
Sergio was frightened. He paused for a while before answering, “You don’t really have to 
listen to those rumors. They’re unreliable!” 
“What if I insist’I want to know the rumors?” Wynter persisted unhurriedly while her fingers 
were tapping on the wooden stick she was holding. 
Sergio took a deep breath and stated, “The rumors say there were not four, but five 
medical families in Southdale. And the most outstanding one was actually your grandma, Margaret Yates.”
###chapter46
Chapter 46 The Gibsons Were Going to Die 
Sergio stopped talking because Dalton was listening as well. He wasn’t sure whether the words he was about to say would affect the image of Wynter in her patients‘ minds. 
But Wynter raised her chin, indicating Sergio to continue. 
Sergio lowered his voice and whispered, “I heard my grandpa say that she was a rising star at that time. The Yates family wasn’t very outstanding. Yet she was rather talented and cured many patients with complex diseases. 
“I’m not sure if she became too conceited. She had received the same patient as the Gibson family at the same time. She insisted on treating the patient with traditional medical methods and caused the patient’s death.” 
Sergio feared that Margaret might come out, so he leaned closer to Wynter and continued, That matter was a really big deal at that time. If it weren’t for someone from Kingbourne to protect her, she might go to jail. 
“But the matter couldn’t be settled like this since it would bring bad influences. Hence, the Gibson family suggested kicking your grandma out of the Medical Family Alliance. I never expected Margaret Yates to be your grandmother, Dr. Genius.” 
Once Wynter finished listening, she looked up at Sergio and asked, “Then how do you think 
I got my medical skills? Do you think I was born with these skills?” 
Sergio rubbed his chin. “I never thought of that.” 
Wynter stared at him again. “Who did you say was conceited just now?”
Sergio responded quickly, “Me! It was me! I am the conceited one!” 
He saw Wynter beating George earlier. But how exactly did George stand after getting kicked by Wynter? 
It was strange. Supposedly, George shouldn’t be able to leave in a healthy state. 
Wynter didn’t say any more to Sergio. She flicked the invitation card that she was holding between her fingers and said, “Go and light up the fire. It’s time to cook our meal.” 
She acted as if nothing had happened just now. 
Ethan noticed the card in her hand. He quietly came up behind Dalton. “Sir, the invitation. card that Dr. Genius is holding seems to be a fake one.” 
” 
Ethan was in charge of sending out the invitation cards on behalf of the Yarwood family. Thus, he was familiar with the card. 
The look in Dalton’s eyes became gloomy and ambiguous. “Go and steal the fake one. Then put a real one in her bag.” 
“Okay.” Ethan lowered his voice and remarked, “I didn’t expect Dr. Genius to go to the seminar too. You two seem to be destined.” 
Dalton felt the word “destined” sounded pleasant for no reason. He rubbed the beads on 
his wrist with a smile. 
However, Ethan had not finished speaking, “But, sir, I’m afraid that the matter of her grandma causing someone’s death during a treatment is true.”
He didn’t dare to risk Dalton’s safety. If Wynter really did learn her medical skills from her grandmother… What if something went wrong during the treatment? 
Dalton shot daggers at Ethan and expressed in an icy tone, “This will be the last time I hear you talking about gossip, Ethan.” 
“I’m wrong!” Ethan wanted to kneel. “I…” 
Dalton reminded him, “This is not the Yarwood Estate.” 
He then walked into the backyard after finishing his words. 
Ethan’s heart was pounding fast, and he didn’t dare to spout any more nonsense. 
If Dalton was siding with Wynter, he had to prepare in advance. 
In the backyard, Wynter was preparing to cook under the Black Locust tree. 
Margaret tried to burn wood, but Wynter pushed her back to the rocking chair. “You can rest today, Grandma. I’ll do the cooking.” 
“You’re cooking?” Margaret didn’t believe in Wynter. “You’re a picky eater for sure. Do you 
know how to cook?” 
Wynter took the teapot, walnuts, and a hand fan for her, “I’ll try. You can watch and tell me 
what to do.” 
Margaret was happy. “Okay! Let me see how my granddaughter is going to cook.”
Wynter didn’t say anything more. She put the chopping board on the table and cut the zucchini into pieces. Then she put the spaghetti, peas, and mushrooms into the pot to boil. 
She worked so fast. While the spaghetti and vegetables were still boiling, she had already finished cutting the remaining vegetables. 
She put gingers and shallots into the pan with hot oil. Soon, there was the smell of delicious food in the backyard.
###chapter47
Chapter 47 Dalton’s Stomach Was Conquered 
Sergio wasn’t hungry, but the smell of the food made his m*uth water. 
Margaret was smiling. “It’s not bad.” 
Wynter didn’t stay idle. After she put all the materials in the pot, she made some pancakes 
with raisins. 
She decided the meat stew and mashed potatoes weren’t enough, so she made a salad 
with olive oil. 
The smell of the food made Ethan keep turning around to look. 
Margaret cooked the shrimp toward the end while Wynter made the dipping sauce. 
All the food was served on the table, looking colorful and tasty. The bread rolls that were fresh from the oven were still steaming. 
Sergio wanted to eat the food so badly, but he was afraid to eat. 
Margaret grinned and said, “You can start eating now. Let’s try and taste the food that Wynter cooked.” 
Both Sergio and Ethan couldn’t wait to try the food. But Ethan didn’t forget about Dalton sitting beside him. 
T 
Dalton had never eaten food cooked by someone else before. He was also unable to eat with the other people due to his stomach problem.
“Mr. Yarwood, why don’t you…” Before Ethan could finish his words, Dalton had already picked up the fork. 
Ethan was a little perturbed. What if Dalton had a stomachache or fever after eating these? 
Just then, Wynter walked over with a tray of food that included pancakes and pasta primavera. She put the tray in front of Dalton. “These are for you. 
Dalton looked up at her. 
Wynter nodded and explained, “These are good for your stomach. You can eat the pasta 
when it’s cooler. It’s best to eat the pancakes first.” 
Ethan was marveled by Wynter’s thoughtfulness. She was indeed a doctor. She even 
noticed the details. 
ach with Conquered 
But Dalton felt that she was taking special care of him. He was beaming with satisfaction. 
For a moment, he had forgotten that Wynter said that it didn’t matter to her whether her patient was male or female. 
Margaret only began to eat after making sure everyone had started eating. 
Sergio thought that the food was luscious. 
The meat was stewed nicely, and the mashed potatoes were so silky and creamy. Sergio never knew that mashed potatoes could be that delicious.
Initially, Dalton just wanted to show some respect and eat some since his appetite had 
always been poor. 
But when he ate the pancakes, its wonderful taste lingered in his m*uth. The salad was so refreshing, tasting just right with the meat stew. 
He ate three pancakes and two plates of pasta before he knew it. 
He tried to eat another pancake, but Wynter put her hand out to stop him. “Just eat until you’re 80% full. Don’t eat more.” 
But why was everybody else allowed to eat more than him? Dalton raised his eyebrows. 
Wynter laughed lightly, “Let’s go and have some tea?” 
“Okay.” Dalton stood up from the chair. 
Wynter grabbed a handful of peanuts and gave them to Dalton. “Eat them with the seed 
coat.” 
Dalton took the peanuts in his hand. He looked like he didn’t like to eat such things. 
Wynter added, “This is the last medicinal food of the day. The raw peanuts.” 
Ethan happened to hear that after finishing his meal. He was surprised that everything Wynter did today was to treat Dalton. 
As expected, Wynter wrote a list of medicinal food and recipes and gave it to him. “Follow 
the recipes to cook for him at home.”
Ethan quickly kept the paper well. He had never seen Dalton eat so much in any meal. 
He would eat more to make his family members happy during Christmas. But he would feel ill for a few days after that. 
Chapter 47 Dalton’s Stomach Was Conquered 
In the past six months, Dalton’s appetite had gotten worse. The Yarwood family had tried every method they could think of. They even hired more than ten Michelin Stars chefs, but nothing really worked. 
Unexpectedly, Dalton had a great appetite today. Moreover, his face had become ruddier, and there was no sign of regurgitation at all. Instead, he was sweating a lot. 
It made Ethan feel a kind of unspeakable joy. He must tell Dalton’s grandfather about this when they went back!
###chapter48
Chapter 48 Found the Fatal Weakness of the Gibsons 
Just then, a thud of footsteps came from outside the yard. 
Wolf, who had disappeared all day, stepped into the house carrying a duffle bag. 
It seemed like he didn’t expect so many people in the house. He stopped and looked at 
Wynter. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “You’re back? Grandma has been asking about you the whole afternoon. You can go and eat your meal first.” 
Wolf nodded and walked into the house. 
Sergio noticed that Wolf was carrying a big duffle bag. So he went up, trying to help. “It’s heavy, right? I’ll help… you!” 
He rattled the last word out. The blue veins stood out on his neck. But he still didn’t lift the 
bag. 
“Thi 
is quite heavy,” Sergio said awkwardly. He then tried to lift the bag again with both of 
his hands. His facial expression turned into a grimace! 
Wolf stared at him silently without moving. 
Sergio gave up on lifting the bag. He dropped his arms and panted, “What did you put inside the bag? Why is it so heavy?”
How did a child have such great strength? 
Wynter walked over. She took the duffle bag up and threw it into the storehouse. “Alright.” 
She did like it was easy work. It was as if she just threw away a small bag of trash. 
Sergio was frustrated. “I… This…” 
Was he such a weakling? 
Margaret laughed out loud. “Wolf was born with great strength. Wynter usually likes boxing. Look, there’s a sandbag there.” 
Sergio laughed awkwardly. Wynter’s hobby was quite unique! 
Dalton didn’t say anything. He sat at the stone table, his cuffs slightly rolled up. 
4. Found 
of the Cibsons 
He was fiddling with the teacup, and his eyes were thoughtful. His reservedness and 
coldness added a sense of oppression to the yard. 
Wolf noticed him immediately. He asked using sign language, “Who is he?” 
While Margaret went into the house to slice fruit, Wynter took the chance and answered, ” 
He’s a patient.” 
Wolf turned to look at Dalton again.
Dalton looked aloof. He wore a beaded bracelet on his wrist. Although he seemed pristine 
and spotless, his eyes were wild and untamable. 
Wolf didn’t like him. He felt as if he had met him before, but he couldn’t see through him. 
Wolf gestured in sign language to express his feelings forcefully. 
Wynter remarked casually, “He pays a lot.” 
Wynter’s words made Wolf stop signing. He served them tea in a hospitable manner. Then, 
he put a paper with a bank account number written on it on the stone table. 
Dalton raised an eyebrow. His voice was deep and pleasant to hear. “Take the card out, 
Ethan. Dr. Genius might accept it this time.” 
“This is what I deserve.” Wynter smiled frankly. 
Sergio was impressed by what he saw. Why did the tricks seem like the style of ant 
unscrupulous shop? 
However, Wynter’s little brother seemed unable to speak. Sergio looked at Wolf with pity. 
Wolf took the card. He blew the card and then kept it in his pocket carefully. 
When he noticed that Sergio was looking at him, he signed. “What about you? How are you? 
going to pay?” 
“He’s not a guest. He’s a doctor from the hospital across the street.” Wynter said
nonchalantly. 
Wolf raised his eyebrow. Then he decided that Sergio wasn’t worthy of the tea because he 
was one of their competitors. 
Sergio was stunned when he saw Wolf taking away his teacup. 
Fortunately, Margaret was there to keep an eye on Wolf so that he could be obedient. 
Chapter 40 Found the Fatal Weakness of the Gibsons 
It was just that his eyes seemed naive and cute. Yet he kept eating the bread rolls with a huge appetite. 
When they walked out of the clinic, Ethan looked hesitant. 
Dalton could tell that he had something in his mind. He stopped and stood still. “Just say it. 
“The younger brother of Dr. Genius is not an ordinary boy, sir.” Ethan chose a better wording to sound more pleasant. “There’s something wrong with him.” 
The look in Dalton’s eyes was indifferent. He fiddled with the beads with his finger and replied, “It’s okay. He’s not harmful.” 
Meanwhile, at the clinic, Wynter opened Wolf’s duffle bag. There were hard drives, shopping cards, medical equipment, account books, and several name lists. 
“The Gibsons have quite a lot of cracking stories,” Wynter sneered. 
The look in her eyes became frosty. “No wonder they said no one in Southdale dares to lay
a finger on them. They have someone covering their back.” 
X 
Claim
###chapter49
Chapter 49 Someone Was Pretending to be Dr. Miracle 
Wolf signed and passed Wynter a piece of paper. 
“So you’re saying that she took the Zenith herb to treat the scion of the Yarwood family?” The look in Wynter’s eyes darkened. 
Wolf nodded. 
Wynter rested her chin on her hand lazily and smiled. “Then I’ll see how she’s going to use the Zenith herb in front of me, the real Dr. Miracle.” 
Wolf emitted a sound naively, “Mmm!” 
Wynter tapped on one of the name lists and gently laughed, “It’s time to change some rules 
of Southdale.” 
The Gibson family had been dominating the academia in Southdale for many years. 
Those who had abilities but were poor hadn’t been able to experience the internship 
opportunities at the hospital. 
Those who were rich also had to know the ropes. The opportunities were only in the bag once they became an apprentice of the Gibsons. 
Not only did the Gibsons obtain money from deceiving the patients, but they even bullied the newcomers and were riddled with corruption.
Wynter practiced medicine. She understood they were fastidious about medical factions. Therefore, the relationship between those aristocratic families naturally became close. 
She didn’t care about how complicated and dirty the medical circle was. She wanted to 
cleanse the circle inside out. 
She wanted to let the patients have a chance to get treated and let those who had abilities have a great future. 
Wynter looked up at Wolf and ordered, “Go and find out if the Gibsons had anything to do with the matter of Grandma causing someone’s death during treatment.” 
Wolf’s eyes were like saucers. He signed angrily. “Grandma wouldn’t cause someone’s death during treatment! She must’ve been framed by bad people!” 
“I’m thinking the same thing as you.” Wynter stood up with a cold look in her eyes. 
But in reality, no one would simply believe you. If Grandma is to stay here, we have to silence the public with the truth.” 
Wolf lowered his eyes, indicating that he accepted the order. 
Wynter picked up the invitation card on the table. “This is the case that I rejected. But since 
I received it again, I will go there myself to teach the Gibsons a lesson.” 
Wolf was excited upon hearing Wynter’s words. 
When he was about to sign something, Margaret pushed the door open and walked in.” What are you doing sneaking around the storehouse here again?”
“Wolf collected some components that need to be assembled,” Wynter answered steadily. 
Wolf nodded in agreement. 
Margaret was smiling but sighed after seeing the invitation card Wynter was holding. “Are you really going, Wynter?” 
“They had sent me the invitation card, so I have no reason not to go.” There was no trace of fear on Wynter’s beautiful face. 
Margaret looked at her sensible granddaughter and felt warm inside. 
She couldn’t hold back Wynter for the rest of her life just because of her own reasons. 
It didn’t matter before. But now that Wynter had shown an interest in treating patients, she shouldn’t stop her. 
“If you want to go, just go.” Margaret’s hand was warm. 
She placed her hand on Wynter’s head and said, “It’s good for you to see the world. The Yarwood family from Sorzada City is prestigious. They have been protecting our country 
since medieval times. 
“There are many talented people, and you can make new friends too if you go. If you meet some doyens, you must take some photos and tell me, especially the one who’s very famous recently!” 
Margaret became very excited as she spoke. “If you actually meet him, it’ll be very worthwhile!” 
“Who is that?” Wynter asked casually. She didn’t really care about that.
Margaret gleefully took her phone out. She opened a webpage and enlarged it. She 
Chapter 49 Someone Was Pretending to be Dr. Miracle 
introduced, “Let me show you, Dr. Miracle!” 
Wynter was completely speechless! 
Did they call that person “Dr. Miracle“? 
Wolf’s eyes widened too when he saw the photo. He looked as if he had just eaten something bad. 
He turned to look at Wynter, then glanced at the webpage again. His eyes then drifted 
away. 
Wynter placed her finger on the phone screen. She took a deep breath and smiled briefly.” Are you sure this scruffy, bearded man is Dr. Miracle, Grandma?”
###chapter50
Chapter 50 Stay Out of Trouble? Forget It! 
“Wynter! How can you say that about Dr. Miracle?” Margaret would not let Wynter say that. He is a good lens with a bad frame.” 
As Margaret spoke, she held her phone closer. She was looking at the picture with admiration, acting just like a fangirl. 
Wynter rubbed her forehead helplessly. 
She had been practicing medicine for many years. This was probably the most serious defamation for her reputation. “He’s definitely fake, Grandma.” 
“Fake?” Margaret pushed her reading glasses, wanting to take a closer look. 
Wynter held her arms and assured her, “Don’t worry. I won’t stir up any trouble.” 
“I’m not worried about that,” Margaret sighed. “It’s my bad reputation that would get you into trouble. Don’t mention the Empathy Clinic when you’re there. 
“I will ask my friend’s grandson to take you with him so that you two can look out for each 
other. And it’s best to avoid the Gibsons.” 
Why should she go if she had to avoid the Gibsons? But she didn’t tell Margaret that. Instead, she replied with a smile, “Okay.” 
Everything was just as usual. Only Wolf knew that the Gibsons would have nothing left. 
Before going to bed, Wynter told him, “I’ll hack into the National Defense System with you.
found.” I’m going to report them with the information you 
Wolf nodded. 
In the meantime, the Gibsons were enjoying great success. 
“Since we got the Zenith herb, the Yarwoods have treated us differently.” Hilda was holding 
the box, looking enraptured. 
Luke was sitting beside her, flattering her with his words. “You are so shrewd, Madam. 
Gibson.” 
Everyone in the Gibson family was thrilled. 
“Now we just have to wait for the seminar to start!” 
Chapter Ed Stay Out of Trouble? Faget in 
“We will definitely shine by then!” 
However, the eldest son of the Gibson family, Jason Gibson, had a grim look on his face. 
He asked, “What actually happened to George’s arm? Haven’t you healed him yet?” 
His son only went out to deliver something but came back with his arm dislocated and couldn’t be set back. Jason found it hard to feel excited. 
Hilda didn’t take it seriously. “I’ve checked George’s arm, Jason. There’s nothing serious about him. He’ll be fine by tomorrow.” 
“But…” Jason wanted to say something more but was interrupted by an old, low voice.”
Don’t dwell on such a trifle, Jason.” 
The one who had spoken was the most powerful person in the Gibson family, Arthur 
Gibson. 
Over a hundred years old, he was a little hunched with gray hair. His sullen eyes made him seem like a snake hiding in the dark. 
“Dad!” Both Jason and Hilda were surprised. “Why are you back? Aren’t you busy in 
Kingbourne?” 
Arthur didn’t answer them but asked the others to leave instead. 
Once no more outsiders remained in the manor, he thumped his cane heavily and raged, ” The Gibson family will collapse if I don’t come back!” 
Hilda and Jason were startled. 
Arthur looked at them and asked, “Did you know someone in Southdale is investigating us?” 
“Investigating the Gibsons?” Hilda sneered. “Who should we get rid of?” 
Arthur took a teacup and threw it directly at her. It made a loud bang. Hilda lowered her 
head after getting hit by the teacup. 
“What an idiot!” Arthur had to take a puff of a cigarette after he finished every word. He 
was old, and his breath was unsteady.
“How many times have ‘told you before? You have to be careful with every word you say 
and every action you make. Even if you despise someone, don’t let it show!” 
Hilda was already in her seventies but still replied in a tremulous voice, “I was wrong, Dad.” 
Chapter 50 Stay Out of Trouble? Forget !!! 
“I’m not going to say much else.” Arthur squinted and continued, “I’ve made some 
arrangements in Southdale. Nothing will be exposed. I’ll only do this once. You have to do things with clean hands in the future!”
###chapter51
Chapter 51 The Yarwood Banquet 
Hilda craned her neck. “But you also know that we can get a lot of money from the medical industry in a short time. There are so many people in our family. We can’t cut off our big source of income.” 
I’m not asking you to cut it off,” Arthur said slowly. “Just restrain yourself for a while. Wait 
for the dust to settle.” 
Hilda understood what Arthur meant immediately. “Did someone from Kingbourne stop by 
again, Dad?” 
Arthur didn’t say anything and closed his eyes. 
Hilda stated, “Don’t worry. I promise they won’t find anything.” 
The Gibson family had been safe and sound for over a decade. There wouldn’t be any exceptions this time! 
It was a tranquil, long night. But in a building in Kingbourne, the screens of countless computers were flickering at the same time! 
Wynter was chewing gum at the clinic in Southdale, her fingers flying across the keyboard. Soon, every related personnel received the same email. 
The quiet intruder came and left hurriedly. 
The expressions on their faces changed completely when they opened that email. 
One of them commanded, “Go and investigate the Gibsons! Get to the bottom of this!
Remember to keep it under wraps! 
“You should meet and interview everyone involved in Southdale. Before that, hand in your 
cell phones. Don’t leak out any information!” 
Tonight was meant to be an unusual night. But Wynter slept early. She lay on her bed comfortably after applying the mask. 
The next day, Wynter went to the hospital to give Fabian an acupuncture treatment as 
before. But this time, another patient of hers wasn’t there. 
Fabian was being talkative. “What do the girls at your age usually like, Dr. Miracle?” 
Wynter thought about what her classmates liked and replied, “I think they like things like 
Chapter 51 The Yarwood Banquet 
clothes, shoes, bags, and accessories.” 
Fabian tilted his head to look at Ryan. “Jot that down, Ryan. When my little princess returns, 
I want her to have all those.” 
Ryan wiped away his sweat. “We have some good news from Havenlight County, Mr. Quinneli. We’ve found the couple who adopted Ms. Quinnell. We’ve discussed it with them, and they said they can drop by next week!” 
“Havenlight County?” Wynter raised her eyebrows. 
Ryan turned around and asked, “What’s wrong? Do you know this place, Wynter?”
Wynter took her first aid kit and answered, “I’ve heard of it.‘ 
She had been very busy lately. She would go to Havenlight County once she had finished 
everything. 
She had to return to her family anyway. She also had to know what her biological parents 
looked like. 
Fabian was obviously a little disappointed. He didn’t say anything after that. 
Wynter didn’t stay any longer either. But once she stepped out of the ward, Ryan stopped 
her. “Wait a minute, Wynter!” 
Wynter halted and waited for Ryan to approach her. “I heard from Dr. Sergio that you’re going to the Yarwoods‘ medical seminar, are you?” 
Wynter carried her black bag on one shoulder. “Do you want to give me some advice, Ryan? 
Π 
Ryan coughed and blinked frantically. “It’s not advice. Just… Are you really going?” 
Ryan was trying to tell Wynter that she didn’t really need to go because she was already treating Dalton. 
But Wynter couldn’t understand what Ryan was hinting at. She smiled lightly and remarked, 
“I have to go.”
Ryan was smart. “You look like you’re not going there to treat someone.” 
Wynter didn’t keep it a secret. “The Yarwood family isn’t really my goal. Alright, I have to go, 
now, Ryan. I have to go back and get prepared.” 
“What are you preparing for if you’re not treating someone?” Ryan stood on tiptoe to call 
Chapter 51 The Yarwood Banquet 
her back, but Wynter already left. 
He muttered in a low voice, “It’s good for you to go. So that I don’t have to worry about you being insensitive and offending Mr. Yarwood. You’ll know who he is by then.” 
Wynter didn’t hear what Ryan said. She sent out the last email when she was walking home. 
The related personnel from Kingbourne tried every technological means. But they still failed to locate the informer. 
Two days later, it was September 19th, the day of the Yarwood Banquet at the Caesar 
Hotel.
###chapter52
Chapter 52 Yarwood Banquet Starts 
However, the banquet venue was different from the previous time. Instead of the city center, the venue was at the Westland’s villa. 
Wynter wasn’t riding her BMW Tomahawk. After loading the first aid kit and invitation card, she took a taxi. 
Vaguely, she thought that she was hallucinating as this invitation card seemed to be different from before. 
Getting into the taxi, she was still deep in thought. 
The driver was surprised when he heard about her destination. “Ordinary people can’t visit the Caesar Hotel in Westland. I heard that all the big shots are going there today. Young 
lady, are you…” 
“I’m going to socialize.” Wynter smiled slightly. 
The driver chuckled, “As I guessed. How could a young lady like you have the ability to 
treat patients?” 
She just smiled and said nothing. 
The Caesar Hotel was divided into grades. The one in Southdale city center was open to 
the public.
The one in Westland was Rose Manor, which integrated golf, shooting, horseback riding, and other high–end sports talks. It covered a large area located in the forest. 
As for the Yarwoods‘ private club, it mainly focused on providing top–notch service. Ordinary people couldn’t enter without an invitation. 
The invitation card was the only ticket. Renowned doctors who received the invitation card all brought their apprentices or assistants, who were rigorous and academic. 
The top four most prestigious families–the Gibsons, the Lopezes, the Youngs, and the Shepherds were there. They all greeted each other, bringing along their juniors. 
Those without prestigious family backgrounds sat awkwardly aside, communicating in low. voices. Entourage members without medical skills, such as Wanda, would enter the 
antehall. 
Chapter 2 Vorwood Baret Sans 
She observed the manor with greed. “Wow, it’s so beautiful and luxurious!” 
As she said that, she turned toward Hilda. “Thanks to you that Yve and I can come here!” 
“You’re welcome.” It was Hilda’s first time here. But she pretended to be used to this kind 
of venue. 
“Wanda, don’t make such a fuss again when you get inside.” 
Wanda nodded. “I understand.”
All the guests were celebrities, so she had to pay attention to her behavior. Although the Yates family was wealthy, it was nothing compared to others. 
Yvette stood next to them, looking around. Although she didn’t speak, her heartbeat 
quickened as she couldn’t wait to meet the rumored Mr. Yarwood. 
After waiting a long time, everyone couldn’t help but feel curious as the banquet hadn’t 
started yet. 
“It’s almost time. Why haven’t we seen the Yarwoods yet?” 
“Is it possible that they’re waiting for someone important?” 
Luke sneered, “Who is worth the Yarwoods waiting for?” 
He thought they were ignorant, especially those who didn’t have strong family 
backgrounds. 
Meanwhile, Theo Yarwood was in the manor’s study. He was dressed in a vintage suit, fl*pping a coin. White hair slightly covered his deep eyebrows, and a hint of cheerfulness. 
revealed from his righteous eyes. 
“Grandpa, it’s getting late.” 
Lydia Yarwood, the eldest granddaughter of the Yarwoods, reminded, “It’s not good to keep our guests waiting.” 
He took a sip of tea leisurely and said, “Why are you so anxious? There are still guests who
have not arrived.” 
She guessed, “Are you waiting for Dr. Miracle?” 
“No.” Theo put down the teacup. 
Lydia wanted to ask more. But she saw that he had put on the external headset again and 
Chapter 52 Yarwood Banquet Starts 
looked at the hall full of interest. 
She was curious. Who could make him pay so much attention? 
In fact, Theo was paying attention to Dr. Genius. Since Ethan told him that his most precious grandson’s appetite had improved, he looked forward to meeting Dr. Genius, whom Ethan mentioned as having extraordinary medical skills. 
If that brat Dalton hadn’t stopped him, he would have sent someone to inquire about that genius doctor. Otherwise, he wouldn’t need to observe the guests in secret. It looked so 
embarrassing. 
Fortunately, he held this medical seminar, and Dr. Genius would also be there. 
3
###chapter53
Chapter 53 Was Wynter’s Invitation Card Fake 
Guests were entering one after another in the outer hall of the manor. Wynter was among them, but her outfit didn’t match the venue. 
She wore a white shirt, jeans, and a wine–red baseball cap, seemingly like a college student. 
The bodyguards guarding the door reached out to stop her and asked politely, “Miss, who are you?” 
Before she could speak, a sneer came from the side. “She’s just a traditional medicine charlatan! Hey, beggar! You’re so bold to come here!” 
It was Luke. He helped Hilda over, followed by the Yates. 
Yvette avoided Wynter, not wanting others to know they were related. 
On the other hand, Wanda stared at her fiercely, thinking that she was pestering them. 
Wynter raised her eyebrows and spoke playfully, “Hello, my acquaintances!” 
“We’re not!” Luke snorted. “Do you know where this place is? Can a beggar like you come here?” 
He had long wanted to settle scores with her, but no one had heard of her after asking 
around. Now that he met her here, he would teach her a lesson! 
“Where’s the security? Drive her out!” Luke looked arrogant. 
Hilda pretended to stop him and shook her head in disapproval. “Luke, how can your 
embarrass a junior?”
He complained with hatred, “Madam Gibson, you don’t know what she has done! She 
spoke flowery words, even used witchcraft to make me kneel for so long!” 
Upon hearing that, Wynter smiled slightly. “It seems your mentor is still unaware that I hit 
you with the vital point strike.” 
Vital point strike? 
The onlookers gasped, looking at each other in surprise. Were there really vital point 
strikes in this world? 
“Stop bragging!” Luke scoffed. 
Chapter 53 Was Wron 
“Do you 
think this is medieval times? How can vital point strikes exist? If they exist, 
Madam Gibson would know how to use them! Stop being ridiculous!” 
Wynter chewed on the gum, responding calmly, “So, Madam Gibson can’t even use vital 
point strikes to treat patients? It seems that her medical skills aren’t good enough. She’ll only mislead her apprentices.” 
He was pissed off. “What did you say? How dare you say that!” 
Hilda held back her anger. “Shut up, Luke!”
She must stop this idiot from talking, or everyone would know that she didn’t know how to 
treat patients with vital point strikes! 
“But she…” Luke felt unconvinced. 
She took a deep breath, looking at Wynter coldly and saying arrogantly, “Since you’re Margaret’s apprentice, I won’t argue with you. 
“I would like to give you some advice. As a doctor, you must be kind. It’s not good for your to be so arrogant.” 
When she mentioned Margaret’s name, everyone present had different reactions. 
“Did she mean Margaret Yates, who prescribed random medicines and killed a patient?” 
“When did she have an apprentice?” 
“I don’t know either. Why did the Yarwoods give the invitation card to her?” 
The people around them stopped and didn’t move forward. Instead, they focused on Wynter with disgust. 
It was the result Hilda wanted. She specifically asked George to send a fake invitation card to Margaret just to see this scene. But unfortunately, Margaret didn’t come. 
It didn’t matter, though. She would still get the same result if she could embarrass Wynter! 
Moreover, this damn girl still wasn’t in the most embarrassment. Her real embarrassment would happen when she took out the fake invitation card!
Wanda caught Hilda’s hint and stepped forward. “Maybe she doesn’t even have an 
invitation card! Hers is fake!” 
That made sense. Wynter’s origin was in Havenlight County, where her poor relatives lived. Logical speaking, there was no way she would get invited by the Yarwoods
###chapter54
Chapter 54 Hilda’s Embarrassment 
Upon hearing the word “fake“, the bodyguards looked at each other, politely saying, “Miss, 
please show us your invitation card.” 
The smart Wynter had noticed there was something wrong with her invitation card. 
However, s 
she had nothing to be afraid of. She could reveal her identity as Dr. Miracle if she 
got rejected. 
So, she casually handed over the gold–plated invitation card from her black bag. 
As expected, the bodyguards‘ expressions instantly changed. Observing their expressions, the people around them began speculating. 
“Is there really something wrong with her invitation card?” 
Luke looked indignant. “Not only did Margaret kill people, but her apprentice is a swindler! Shame on you!” 
Hilda also smiled smugly, “Young lady, if you want to enter, you can ask seniors for help. You shouldn’t use such dirty tricks.” 
“Yeah, this is too embarrassing!” 
“Is this how Margaret teaches her apprentice? Won’t she feel ashamed?” 
Wynter didn’t bother to listen to their nonsense. She shifted slightly, ready to reveal her
identity. 
Suddenly, the two bodyguards made a gesture of invitation toward her and said loudly,” Welcome, miss! Please come in!” 
Instantly, the atmosphere at the scene froze. The bodyguards‘ actions contradicted Hilda’s statement, like a silent slap to her face. 
One of the bodyguards added, “This is your first time coming here. If you don’t understand anything, I can answer it for you at any time. Please follow me.” 
Another bodyguard was still holding the invitation card, his palms sweating. 
The handwriting on the card was vigorous. 
Today’s invitation cards were ordinary, but only the people at the Yarwoods knew what the 
gold–plated invitation card meant. 
Apart from that, they recognized it was Daltor’s handwriting! 
The two bodyguards didn’t know who Wynter was fut they knew Dalton might cut them Into pieces if they did not welcome this distinguished quest 
Everyone, including Wynter, remained stunned, unable to react to this sudden change in the 
situation. 
She didn’t move immediately. “Wait a minute.” 
The bodyguard anked carefully, “Did we do anything wrong? You can tell us. We’ll correct it.
“Yes, we’ll correct it!” another bodyguard stood straight. 
Wynter raised her eyebrows and glanced at Hilda. The latter’s expression darkened as she stored at the invitation card in shock. 
Of course, Wynter wouldn’t be so naive to think that Hilda would give her a real invitation card. Something unexpected must have happened. 
Could it be him? The first person she thought of was that handsome patient. 
It was probably that man who changed her card. With the Quinnells‘ connections, it wasrit difficult for him to get the Yarwoods‘ invitation card. 
Although she didn’t know why he helped her, she felt relieved. She planned to thank him 
when she went back. 
“No need to correct anything. You two did a good job.” Wynter slightly bent. “I just want to take my bag.” 
The bodyguards immediately responded, “We can help you!” 
Their enthusiasm was completely different from before, which dumbfounded others. 
The Yarwoods were famous for being aloof, and even the bodyguards were skilled. It was a bit unusual for them to be so respectful to an ordinary girl.
###chapter55
Chapter 55 The Gibsons Are In Disgrace 
Wynter kept the bodyguards from taking her bag. 
“No, thank you. These are the tools I use for medical treatment. I can take them myself. Just go ahead with your tasks.” 
She had to meet Margaret’s friend’s grandson, so being so high–profile wasn’t for the best. 
The bodyguards said politely, “Okay, miss. We’re always at your command.” 
Hilda couldn’t stand it anymore, gritting her teeth. “Are you sure that her invitation card is 
real?” 
“That’s right! You must have seen it wrongly!” Wanda shouted. She knew Wynter’s condition best. How could that girl have a real invitation card? 
Yvette bit her l*ps, tugging on Wanda’s sleeve. “Mom, we’re at the Yarwoods.” 
Wanda immediately regained her senses and didn’t argue with the bodyguards. Her daughter was right. She couldn’t make mistakes as they were at the Yarwoods. 
But Luke didn’t think so. He always looked down on people like bodyguards and security.” Are you sure you want to let this charlatan in? Who will be responsible if something goes wrong?” 
The two bodyguards ignored him and continued their work. 
Furious, he pointed at one of the bodyguards. “Hey, did you hear me? That’s a charlatan! 
Her mentor has killed-”
down your 
“Let me warn you.” The bodyguard’s expression turned solemn. “Sir, please put down 
hand.” 
Luke ignored his warning and continued to rant, “Such low class! You can’t even understand what I’m saying–7 
Right then, there was a crack sound. Luke screamed in pain as the bodyguard broke his 
fingers. 
“This is the Yarwoods‘ private land. No rudeness is tolerated.” 
The bodyguard’s deep voice caused Wynter to look back. He immediately changed his 
expression and smiled. “Did I disturb you? We’ll deal with it now.” 
After saying that, the bodyguard whistled. Four men in black immediately appeared next to him, dragging the crying Luke out. 
He wanted to grab at Hilda. “Madam Gibson!” 
But she immediately distanced herself from him. “I’ve told you not to act so arrogantly, but you always ignored me! It seems that I can’t teach you anymore. Bear the consequences yourself!” 
Luke’s eyes widened as if he couldn’t believe her to distort facts. He had spent a lot to learn medical skills from the Gibsons. His parents even spent all their savings to provide 
for his fee.
But Hilda drove him away! 
Luke kept shouting hoarsely, but no one could hear him anymore. Since he persisted in being arrogant, he was doomed to punishment. 
Wynter withdrew her gaze and ignored them. Her goal today had always been clear- dealing with the Gibsons. Everything would begin as soon as Hilda entered the inner hall. 
Seeing Luke being dragged away, everyone felt a little frightened. They had heard that the 
Yarwoods were unfathomable and not to be messed with. 
Now that they had seen such a scene, they were much more disciplined and didn’t even 
dare to talk. 
Only Hilda looked gloomy. She wouldn’t have endured her anger if it had been another family. She lost the most useful apprentice for no reason! 
But these were the Yarwoods, the dominant force in Sorzada City. So, she forced herself to 
calm her emotions. 
Wanda still muttered, “Why can’t these bodyguards recognize a fake card?” 
“Mom, we should be most concerned about where her invitation card came from.” 
Yvette was already a little impatient, thinking her mother was st*pid. Wynter’s invitation card must be genuine, or the observant bodyguards wouldn’t let her in.
###chapter56
Chapter 56 I’m Looking For You 
Wanda instantly understood what Yvette meant. 
Hilda sneered, “It’s indeed impossible for her to get an invitation card. I sent it to her!” 
“You sent her the card?” Yvette was puzzled. 
She felt like she had a splitting headache, explaining, “The Gibsons have three invitation cards. I asked George to send her a fake one. But he might have picked up the wrong one and sent her the real one.” 
“That damn girl is so lucky!” Wanda felt it was a pity to waste a real invitation card. 
Madam Gibson, if only you gave it to me.” 
Hilda lost all her patience. “It’ll be the same if I take you in!” 
Upon saying that, she walked up to the bodyguard, proudly handing over the invitation card. 
After checking it, the bodyguard stepped aside to let her in. Only then did she regain some glory. But soon, her mood turned sour again because of Wanda’s yelling. 
“Madam Gibson! They blocked me!” 
Hilda turned back and looked at the bodyguard, who blocked Wanda. “What’s going on?” 
The bodyguard said calmly, “Madam, there are regulations on the invitation card. A doctor 
can only bring one entourage assistant. You can only choose one of them.” 
She couldn’t hold her anger any longer. ‘Choose one of them? How do I choose?” It was so
embarrassing! 
Yvette was discerning. “Madam Gibson, how about you take my mother in? I’ll wait for you 
outside.” 
“I…” Wanda blushed. Indeed, she wanted to go in, but that wasn’t her main purpose. 
7 
“Yve, don’t be silly! You have to go in! You must meet Mr. Yarwood to make him fall in love 
with you!” 
Others did not hear her, but the two bodyguards had excellent hearing. They looked at each 
other with conflicted expressions on their faces. 
What did this woman mean? Who would Dalton fall in love with? They felt it was hard to describe their thoughts! 
Hilda didn’t want to be laughed at by others, urging, “Hurry up! Who wants to go with me?” 
What a burden! If it weren’t for Zenith herb, she wouldn’t have brought the Yates here. 
“Then… I’m going.” Yvette bit her l*ps awkwardly. 
Wanda waved reluctantly. “Go ahead.” 
When the two of them were no longer visible, she was still watching eagerly. 
A newcomer thought she was blocking the way and glanced at her. “If you don’t have an invitation card, please move out of the way.”
Used to living a good life, it was the first time Wanda felt embarrassed. Moving to the side, she recalled the invitation card Hilda had given Wynter by mistake. She hated Wynter so much that her teeth gritted. 
How would a damn girl who was used to a simple life adapt to a noble environment? But 
she still got the benefit! 
Meanwhile, the inner hall was full of people. The decoration was Frenda style–the wall 
was inlaid with roses, and the tea sets were all made from high–quality pottery. 
The butler reported every renowned doctor’s origin when they entered. Until Wynter came in, the phrase “Empathy Clinic” attracted all the renowned doctors to look over. 
Although they weren’t as obvious as those guests outside, it was clear they still rejected her. No one came up to talk to her. Even some unqualified doctors silently moved away 
from her. 
Their treatment toward her was unlike Hilda, who came in later and attracted attention. Almost everyone in the circle was greeting her, “Hello, Dr. Gibson.” 
She greeted everyone with an elegant smile. “Hello everyone.” 
What had happened outside just now was nothing after she returned to her circle. 
Hilda walked forward proudly with Yvette while ignoring Wynter. 
Everyone 
disliked Wynter, all ignoring her. But she did not care. Chewing her gum, she
found a seat at random and was about to sit down. 
Suddenly, she heard a voice say urgently, “Hey, miss! I have been looking for you!”
###chapter57
Chapter 57 He Feels Like She Is The Boss 
The man who approached Wynter was dressed very fashionably, with fair skin and an outstanding appearance. With red earphones hanging around his neck, he looked more like a rapper than a doctor. 
He sat beside Wynter, still chattering, “My grandpa troubles me all day. Take care of his friend’s granddaughter? Do I look like I am capable of taking care of you?” 
Upon saying that, he observed her in interest. “Miss, you’re so bold to report your real originl 
Wynter looked at him intently. “Abel Lopez?” 
His eyes instantly widened. He wondered why her way of calling him was similar to his 
boss. 
It must be his illusion! 
Abel looked at his phone. His boss didn’t mention she was attending the seminar. The last message was still an order to reject the invitation. 
That was right. How could his wise and powerful boss be a lady younger than him? He must be too tired from reading and confused himself! 
Abel shook his head, gesturing for Wynter to keep quiet. “Miss, keep your voice down. Mrs. Yates Senior should have told you not to mention her here. Just follow me and learn from the renowned doctors.” 
She just looked at him meaningfully without any response. Before he realized what she meant, the two young men following him also came over.
“Abel, who is she?” the one who spoke was the youngest grandson of the Youngs, Xavier 
Young. 
Ahol answered, “My c 
friend” 
Xavier observed Wynter for a while and said, “You’re pretty.” 
She raised her eyebrows. “Thank you.” 
Another young man pushed him away and said to her, “Miss, I’m Calvert Shepherd. What’s your star sign? Do you usually like clubbing or reading? These are my hobbies!” 
“Back off!” 
Abel stopped his two friends. “Be lowkey! Don’t you see that everyone is looking at us?” 
Xavier didn’t care. “That’s nothing. This seminar is for those old–fashioned. I’m useless and don’t even understand medicine. I wonder why my grandpa brought me here.” 
“It’s boring to death!” Calvert winked at Wynter. “Miss, do you want fortune–telling? The Shepherds are famous for predicting people’s luck.” 
Wynter had heard about the three of them–the conspicuous group of Southdale’s aristocratic families. They often went to clubs and race cars and had no abilities, almost becoming a joke in the medical field. 
Now that she had seen them, she was surprised by their sincerity because not many people could admit they were useless.
Yvette also noticed them and whispered to Hilda, “Madam Gibson, the Lopezes, the Youngs, and the Shepherds seem to have a good relationship with her. They seem to be planning to help her.” 
“They’re just losers.” 
Hilda patted Yvette’s hand and whispered. “The promising people from the Youngs and the Shepherds are sitting here with us. Look at the one who is drinking tea. He is Felix Young, a 
cardiologist. 
“The most handsome boy in the Shepherds, Charlie Shepherd, is also here. Well, you know 
him too. I heard that he’s interested in you. 
She lowered her head shyly. “Madam Gibson, please don’t make fun of me. Charlie and I 
are just classmates.” 
“Classmates? But he has been looking at you since he entered, Hilda said as if she had 
experience. 
“I know you have many suitors. As for the Lopezes, just forget it.” 
At the hospital, the Lopezes were on Wynter’s side. They must be the happiest to know that the Gibsons were expelled from the Heavenly Medical Guild. 
Although the Heavenly Medical Guild was powerful, Hilda had the rare herb to cure Dalton. Everyone else would take stock of the situation. 
She observed other aristocratic families, then at the Lopezes. She despised the fact that
Abel was friends with Margaret’s apprentice. 
Abel was filling out a form at this time. He held a pen and asked Wynter, “Miss, what is your code name? We can be in groups of four. I’ll report it to the Yarwoods together.” She rested her chin on her hand, preparing to reveal her identity.
###chapter58
Chapter 58 Wynter’s Engagement Was Broken Off 
You’re just a loser. How dare you lead others to form a team?” 
The person who interrupted Wynter was George, who had arrived late. As he couldn’t use his arm, he held a grudge against her. 
He looked at her and sneered. “The Lopezes are funny. How dare you bring her here!” 
Abel didn’t care what he said. “What does it have to do with you?” 
George ignored him and said, “Calvert, don’t hang around with losers all the time. Take a good look. Do you know who she is?” 
Calvert always disliked his arrogance, refuting, “I don’t care who she is! I won’t investigate 
anyone’s background when making friends.” 
“You’re so st*pid! It’s still fine if you don’t know medicine. But you don’t even recognize 
Charlie’s ex–fiancée!” 
George pointed at Wynter. “She is the fake daughter who was kicked out by the Yates!” 
What? 
Calvert paused, and even Abel looked at her abruptly. His grandfather didn’t tell him that she had such a relationship with the Shepherds! 
Meanwhile, everyone’s gaze glanced over, including Charlie, who was once engaged to Wynter. He had been looking at Yvette and didn’t notice Wynter at all.
When he saw her, he clenched his hands, wondering who brought Wynter to this event. 
She still looked calm, resting her chin with her hand lazily. 
There was constant discussion in the hall, and everyone gossiped about her. 
“No wonder she represents the Empathy Clinic. It turns out she is the Yates‘ fake daughter!” 
“But this is the first time I’ve heard that the Shepherds are engaged to the Yates.” 
“It happened a long time ago. Margaret had been in power when the Shepherds proposed 
the engagement.” 
Upon hearing the gossip, Charlie couldn’t sit still, stood up, and walked toward Wynter. 
“Didn’t I say It clearly last time? Or do you not understand what I meant?” 
She was tired from sitting. She continued chewing gum, resting her face on the other hand. 
He looked indifferent, full of disdain. “I’ve said that I won’t like you! I’m engaged to the real daughter of the Yates, not a village girl like you! 
“You should realize the truth! Stop daydreaming! I won’t marry you!” 
Upon hearing that, the discussion in the hall became louder. 
Hilda looked at Yvette. “Didn’t you say that she’s just a distant relative of the Yates?” 
She bit her l*ps and looked innocent. “She didn’t want to go back to the village. She wanted to continue being the daughter of the Yates. We had no choice but to say that.”
“She’s so shameless!” Hilda didn’t care about the Yates‘ lies. But she felt pleased as the current situation was even more embarrassing for Wynter. 
As Charlie had rejected her in front of everyone, she would feel ashamed to appear in public. 
Thinking of that, Hilda smiled again. “Yve, you’re the only daughter of the Yates. See, Charlie only acknowledges you.” 
Yvette looked hesitant. “But she loves Charlie very much. She probably came here to see 
him.” 
After all, Charlie was the only weakness of her “sister“. 
“I remember now! That st*pid girl used to go to Sacred Heart Medical University just to see 
Mr. Charlie!” 
“Yes, I’ve heard about this too! How can a college student like her be worthy of Mr. Charlie?” 
“She’s just daydreaming! Her identity is even fake! How will she express her love to Mr. Charlie this time? Is she going to kneel?” 
Just when others were laughing, they heard a sound.
###chapter59
Chapter 59 Wynter Refutes the Scumbag 
Wynter picked up the wooden chair to change the location. 
Sitting cross–legged, she looked beautiful and sassy, complaining, “Where did this ugly 
man come from? He talks too much!” 
Ugly man? 
For a moment, the atmosphere at the scene froze. 
Charlie looked astonished as if he couldn’t believe what he had heard. He slightly 
stammered, “W–what did you say?” 
“Ugly man.” Wynter smiled. “Did you hear me? If you can’t hear well, get your ears treated.” 
“You!” he heaved violently, almost out of breath. 
Almost everyone’s expressions changed. Especially Yvette, clasping her hands and 
frowning. 
She wondered what was going on. She remembered that Wynter used to like Charlie the most, even willing to risk her life for him! 
She took a deep breath. 
Charlie was like a clown who couldn’t get off the stage. “Wynter, have you forgotten how you’ve begged me to look at you?”
Wynter was indifferent. “A woman in love wouldn’t be rational. What’s more, we both know 
the truth.” 
Someone couldn’t stand still and shouted, “You’re the one pestering Mr. Charlie! That’s the 
only truth!” 
Charlie turned pale when he heard the word “truth“. Worried that she would say it out loud, he pretended to be generous. 
“Forget it! You’re now having difficulty without the Yates. For the sake of the past, I won’t 
argue with you.” 
After saying that, he stopped looking at her and returned to his seat. Although he had maintained his reputation, he looked dejected. 
Originally, Hilda wanted to watch the show, but the result was unexpected. Hence, she was 
determined to stand up for him. 
“Charlie is my junior. His talent, appearance, and knowledge are all top–notch. I wonder why you dislike him.” 
Her words completely turned Wynter Into the Gibsons and the Shepherds‘ enemy. 
The head of the Shepherds was Calvert’s uncle, Nelson Shepherd. 
He was calm, saying nothing to Wynter. He just took a sip of tea, then glanced at Calvert sharply. “Come here.”
Calvert wanted to follow Abel and the others, but it was an awkward situation. He had no 
choice but to retreat to a comer. 
Doctors and scholars without high family backgrounds could see the Shepherds‘ 
statement. They believed Wynter would be miserable during the seminar session. 
Abel worriedly looked at Wynter, who had offended both aristocratic families. “Miss, are you not afraid?” 
She chewed her gum and said calmly. “They’re just profit–making vendors. There is nothing 
to be afraid of.” 
“Profit–making vendors? Do you know their status in the medical field? Wait, why do your 
words sound so familiar?” 
He scratched his head, wondering where he had heard this adjective before. 
Wynter patted his head, feeling good to touch his hair. “It’s nothing if you can’t remember it! Let’s get ready.” 
“Get ready for what?” Xavier was still in a daze. Today’s gossip came one after another so abruptly that he didn’t even have time to react. 
Carrying a black bag, she stood up from the wooden chair. Under the lights, she looked sassy. “Conquer everyone. Win the first place.” 
“What?” Xavier was in doubt. 
Abel was about to say something. But right then, a hearty laugh came from upstairs.
###chapter60
Chapter 60 Wynter Amazes Everyone 
Thank you all for taking the time to attend this seminar. I appreciate it.” 
Lydia wore a black dress. She walked downstairs and glanced at the hall with an overwhelming presence. 
Abel immediately gasped, “I haven’t seen her for so many years. She still looks fierce!” 
Wynter raised her eyebrows. “Do you know her?” 
“She’s Lydia, the eldest daughter of the Yarwoods. She was in the army. But now, she 
seems to be in business.” 
Abel added, “Don’t be presumptuous in front of her. She might punch you.” 
Accepting the advice, she lowered her head and chewed another gum harmlessly. 
Lydia had a cool appearance, undoubtedly a beauty. It was clear that although she had a fighting spirit, she was extremely well–educated. 
“The Yarwoods have prepared some gifts for you all.” 
Upon saying that, she clapped her hands as a signal, and a gift box rose next to everyone’s seat. The gift box contained root herbs, truffles, cordyceps, and cash. 
Wynter’s gaze became more meaningful after she saw the things in the gift box. 
George was sitting not far from her, sneering, “I bet some people have never seen such a good thing. She looks so excited!”
Abel was tired of George, but she didn’t care about him. The Yarwoods‘ gift was good. She 
could take it home for Wolf. 
So, she didn’t let George’s ridicule get the best of her. 
Lydia looked around, finding that most people were too timid to touch the gift box. Even the Gibsons and the Shepherds seemed unmoved by the high–quality gift. 
She felt somewhat disappointed. The Gibsons and the Shepherds were the top four most prestigious families in Southdale, but they seemed hypocritical. 
She was in business, so she had only one principle–no one hated money. If they disliked it, 
it meant she hadn’t given enough. 
When she felt bored and wanted to look away, she saw Wynter putting the cordyceps into 
the black bag. 
Lydia smiled. “Miss, it seems you like the gift.” 
As soon as she said that, Wynter became the center of attention. 
The aristocratic families showed contempt and disdain toward her. Hilda also shook her head. “She’s indeed not up to par.” 
Charlie felt relieved that he had cut off the relationship with her. On the other hand, Yvette 
was drinking tea to hide her smile.
Seeing that everyone had misunderstood her meaning, Lydia was about to explain. But Wynter replied, “Yes, the Yarwoods‘ gifts are all in excellent condition.” 
George seemed to be hearing a joke. “We all know that the Yarwoods have good stuff. But 
none of us are as eager as you are!” 
Everyone agreed, “That’s right!” 
Wynter tapped the gift box slowly, saying something astonishing, “I always doubted 
whether the Gibsons understand medicine.” 
“You fledgling!” 
George was pissed off. “How dare you keep provoking the Gibsons! Even if we’ve endured. 
you, I won’t let you go anymore!” 
She responded calmly, “I’ve broken your arm. How will you deal with me?” 
“You b*tch!” 
He was about to rush forward, but Hilda slapped the table, which stopped his move. Young lady, I don’t care where you come from. But you keep humiliating us! If you can’t 
explain, I won’t go easy on you!” 
Abel tugged on Wynter’s sleeve, trying to stop her. She had gotten so impulsive that he 
couldn’t protect her.
Margaret clearly said she was well–behaved. But she did the exact opposite of being well- 
behaved! 
He hinted at her desperately. 
“Explain?” Wynter was unmoved. “Do you know what I took earlier?” 
Chapter 40 Wynter Aimages Cretion’s 
George immediately answered, “It’s cordyceps! Don’t you even know about cordyceps 
sinensis?” 
Hilda seemed to think of something and wanted to stop Wynter from speaking. But it was 
too late.
###chapter61
Chapter 61 Mr. Yarwood Is Very Interesting 
Wynter stood there with a cool look. “Yes, it’s cordyceps. When storing cordyceps, we should avoid strong light, and the temperature shouldn’t exceed 68 degrees Fahrenheit 
“The indoor temperature is now 75.2 degrees Fahrenheit. There are also UV rays. I put it in the bag to protect its medical value. Don’t the Gibsons even know this bit of medical 
knowledge?” 
As soon as she explained, there was an uproar. 
George was still sneering, “You’re talking nonsense.” 
“George, shut up!” Hilda shouted. 
He was stunned, turned to look at her expression, and then looked at the gazes around him. Instantly, he panicked, wondering if what Wynter said was true. 
“She is indeed Margaret’s apprentice! She is somewhat talented in understanding medicine. 
The one who laughed was Howard Young, the elder of the Youngs. He sat in the corner like 
an ordinary old man, squinting. 
At this moment, he told his grandson, Felix, “You should learn from her.” 
Felix was humble and elegant. “Yes, Grandpa.” 
Nelson said calmly, “Howard, you’re exaggerating. She just played a trick.” 
“That’s right!” George echoed, “I just didn’t think about that aspect! She took advantage of
loopholes!” 
Originally, Nelson’s words could help ease the tension. 
But George proved his st*pidity after adding this sentence. Some people couldn’t help but 
laugh. 
Hilda was so ashamed that she wanted to cover her nephew’s m*uth. 
He still didn’t react. Hearing the laughter, he became more upset, glaring around. “Who 
dares to laugh at me!” 
“It was me!” Lydia raised her hand coolly. 
He froze again. It was one of the Yarwoods. What should he say? 
Unexpectedly, she didn’t even look at him but walked past him, approaching Wynter. 
“Our purpose for preparing gifts is to make you all enjoy it.” 
Lydia’s statement was clear. “But you all didn’t accept it. I thought you all looked down on 
1. US. 
“Uh…” 
Apart from Wynter, everyone wanted to explain. 
Lydia stopped them from talking. “It doesn’t matter. Some people like it anyway. I also want to thank this lady for reminding me how to store cordyceps.”
She thought it was a pity that her grandfather wasn’t coming downstairs. It would have been great for him to meet such an interesting lady. But who could Grandpa be waiting for? 
Wynter was neither humble nor arrogant. “Ms. Yarwood, you’re welcome. It’s the doctor’s 
instinct.” 
“Great!” Lydia liked her attitude. “We had two purposes for inviting everyone this time. Firstly for medical exchanges, and secondly for my frail brother.” 
Upon saying that, she glanced at everyone. “It’s getting late, I won’t delay all of you. Let’s go to the consulting room!” 
“What do you mean?” Xavier asked. Did he need to treat patients? He didn’t know how to 
do it! 
Lydia tapped on the table. “There are three special patients in the Yarwoods, each with different symptoms. Everyone should head to the second floor to diagnose the patients according to your queue numbers.” 
“Aren’t we here to treat Mr. Yarwood? Why was the patient changed to someone else?” 
Charlie frowned. 
She glanced at him and said coldly, “Do you think you can meet my brother as easily as you 
wish?” 
Charlie had never felt so deflated before. His expression turned gloomy.
Lydia smiled again. “My brother has always got a good eye for picking doctors. He’s a clean freak. And he also likes good-looking people. We appreciate your understanding.” 
Chapter 65 tared to very lotesting 
Wynter raised her eyebrows upon hearing that. The third son of the Yarwoods was indeed Interesting.
###chapter62
Capter 62 Strange Patient 
Let’s get started!” Lydia raised her hand as a signal to open the manor’s inner secret door. 
Consulting rooms appeared one after another in front of everyone. All the doctors needed to treat patients in groups. 
Hilda was the first to set off. She couldn’t wait to let others know how great the Gibsons were, especially that arrogant girl! 
Soon, it became clear that the patients brought by the Yarwoods were indeed difficult to treat. Every group of doctors came out solemnly, having taken an extremely long time to 
diagnose the patients. 
The Gibsons and the Shepherds came out smiling, while Felix found it slightly difficult. But luckily, he still could write a medical prescription. 
Many people didn’t even understand the patient’s symptoms, just whispering when they came out. They looked like candidates who had just finished the exam, confirming the 
answers. 
“What disease does the third patient have?” 
“I can’t tell. When I asked the patient, he said he had a headache. But his X–rays did not 
indicate that he had a tumor.” 
Xavier listened to the conversation, feeling a little scared. “Miss, we’d better not go. Abel
and I have bad medical skills.” 
“Follow me,” Wynter said. She picked up her bag and stood up. Her gaze was pure and 
beautiful. 
It was their turn. According to previous rankings, they were the last group. After all, none of them had any medical records, and they were all students who had not graduated. 
Xavier held the door frame, refusing to enter. “Miss, I don’t know how to treat patients. Why 
don’t find someone else? I… 
you 
Wynter kicked him in. Seeing that, the Youngs stayed silent. No one would take the three of them seriously. 
Knowing medicine didn’t mean being able to treat a patient. They believed that she would 
expose her true colors during consultation. 
After all, her grandma had caused a patient to die because she used the wrong medicine. 
Moreover, they knew the extent of Abel and Xavier’s medical skills. 
The two of them only knew how to treat minor illnesses. They probably didn’t even know how to diagnose those three patients. 
Xavier thought the same. As soon as he entered the consulting room, he was helpless.” Miss, treating a patient isn’t trivial. Let’s look through the medical books first…”
“Pulse blockage due to damp heat.” Wynter had already begun to diagnose. While recording, she asked the first patient, “Are you afraid of acupuncture treatment?* 
The patient shook his head. Then, she pressed his fingertips with one hand, performing acupuncture and bloodletting with the other. 
Before they could react, she quickly retracted the needle and said, “Next.” 
Xavier and Abel’s eyes widened. What surprised them was nothing more than the fact that the patient seemed to be well, and he thanked Wynter energetically. 
Xavier turned to look at Abel. “Abel, your friend is a genius!” 
Abel was in a daze. “But Mrs. Yates Senior told me that she has no talent. And her qualifications are average… 
“It’s only been three minutes. Wynter has already treated two people!” 
By then, Wynter had already placed her fingertips on the third patient’s wrist. 
Through the curtain, the patient kept coughing. But his breath was steady, the pulse was strong, and the cough wasn’t abnormal. 
Wynter raised her eyebrows, then closed her eyes. She seemed to be thinking but also seemed to want to understand the pulse more clearly. 
“You said you have a headache?” Soon, she opened her eyes and looked toward the curtain. 
The patient coughed, saying hoarsely, “Yeah, I don’t know what’s happening. Since last month, my head has been hurting from time to time. The doctor couldn’t diagnose it.” She smiled, then wrote a few words on the medical diagnosis form without further asking.
###chapter63
Chapter 63 First Place in Medical Consultation 
Done.” Wynter picked up her bag. 
The patient raised his eyebrows. “You’ve done? Doctor, you haven’t asked me what other symptoms I have and whether I have any underlying diseases apart from the headache. 
“You didn’t even look at my X–rays. It’s a bit ridiculous to jump to conclusions.” 
She put the pen back and smiled lightly. “You’re fine, so I don’t need to ask further.” 
But Xavier grabbed her hand and said, “Miss, you only took five minutes. Let’s check on him again. Look at other groups. They checked on the first patient for 20 minutes alone!” 
“It doesn’t matter.” Wynter raised her hand coolly, pressing the confirmation doorbell 
decisively. 
People outside the consulting room were still trying to figure out the answer. Seeing the three of them coming out so quickly, they all laughed. 
“They were out within such a short time! I bet they did not even discover the cause of the first patient’s illness!” 
“You can tell the answer by looking at Xavier’s expression.” 
“I saw Abel bring a medical book with him. What’s the use of that? Hahaha, they didn’t even 
last ten minutes!” 
Seeing that, Hilda and Nelson looked at each other with satisfied expressions.
She even pretended to persuade Howard by saying, “Mr. Young Senior, why are you also making a mistake like the Lopezes? Don’t always let your grandson hang out with lower- class people. He won’t learn anything good.” 
He didn’t reply, closing his eyes lazily and ignoring what was happening around him. 
On the other side, Lydia put down the teacup, taking the note presented by the butler. 
Her voice was bright and clear. “Everyone has finished the consultation. I’ve got the results. Dr. Gibson, please come here.” 
Hilda stood up, unable to suppress her smile. She even glanced at Wynter as she passed. 
1. by. 
Wynter was calm, busy sending a message without looking at her. 
Xavier couldn’t understand. “Miss, why are you still playing with your phone? It’s over! We must be in last place!” 
She quickly turned off the screen and said playfully, “Really?” 
He said anxiously, “Madam Gibson is up!” 
“And also the Shepherds.” Abel pointed in another direction. 
Hilda and Nelson stood beside Lydia. Everyone did not seem surprised by this result and 
was about to applaud. 
But they heard Lydia say, “The Gibsons and the Shepherds have equal medical skills. You two are particularly meticulous in asking about the disease. The first patient experienced damp heat, and the
second had an internal disease. 
“Both of you have prescribed medical prescriptions correctly. But your medical 
prescriptions were inaccurate for the third patient, so you two are tied for second place.” 
Second place? 
Hilda’s smile froze, and Nelson’s expression also darkened. Everyone else was stunned. 
Who got the first place if the Gibsons and the Shepherds were second? 
“It must be Felix Young!” someone guessed. 
But Lydia wasn’t in a hurry to announce first place. Instead, she walked up to Wynter and asked with a smile, “Ms. Quinnell, can you explain the medical prescription you wrote?” 
The unfolded note only had a few big words–drink more warm water. 
“What kind of medical prescription is this?” 
“That’s funny.” 
“What did Margaret teach her? She has embarrassed all the doctors!” 
Everyone was furious, and Wynter became the target of criticism. 
She looked indifferent and didn’t care much, chewing the gum lazily. 
Lydia felt helpless toward those aristocratic families in Southdale. She immediately said, ” 
Forget it. I’d better announce the results. The first place is…”
###chapter64
Chapter 64 Young Lady, You’re Interesting 
“Empathy Clinic!” 
Lydia looked at Wynter with a smile. 
The entire hall fell silent as soon as Lydia announced the result. 
Everyone’s eyes widened in disbelief. “First place belongs to Empathy Clinic? How could this be possible?” 
Nelson’s expression changed. Hilda couldn’t help but snatch the note away. The first place was indeed Empathy Clinic! 
Yvette’s smile faded, wondering how it could be possible that Wynter was good at 
medicine. 
Everyone focused on Wynter, Abel, and Xavier. 
As a medical loser, Xavier had never received such attention. He abruptly stopped yawning. 
Abel was in a trance. Did they win first place? 
Only Wynter was calm. 
Hilda couldn’t endure losing to an unknown girl in front of everyone. She clenched the note, calming herself down. 
“Although I shouldn’t ask, I’m curious. I wonder what judging criteria the Yarwoods have used to rank the three of them as first place.”
Since the Gibsons have spoken, others also began to have the courage to question the 
results. 
“Yeah, how could the three of them be number one?” 
“Xavier is at the bottom of the test results every year! Abel is also a loser! How could they possibly get first place?” 
Lydia raised her eyebrows, “It seems that you all don’t believe the Yarwoods.” 
“Of course, we trust the Yarwoods.” 
Nelson glanced at Wynter. “But no matter how good the competition is, she may take advantage of it. It’s better to let her explain her diagnosis, and we’ll judge who is more 
qualified to rank first.” 
That’s right!” George shouted the loudest. 
Howard disapproved, saying, “Nelson, don’t be a sore loser.” 
“I have reason to question her.” 
Nelson showed the medical prescription issued by the Empathy Clinic team. “Drink more warm water? Does this count as treatment?” 
For a moment, there was another wave of questioning. 
He didn’t ask anyone else but Xavier. “Tell me what you were thinking while prescribing this medical prescription.”
“…” Xavier hesitated. He wasn’t the one who prescribed the medical prescription! 
Nelson sneered, “You don’t know anything about it. 
Right then, Wynter spoke, “He knows nothing because I wrote the medical prescription, and Abel wrote the medical diagnosis form.” 
Abel was stunned. What did she just say? 
“Miss…” He was about to leave, but Wynter pushed him back and smiled slightly. 
“Abel, as our team leader, is experienced in medical practice. Within two minutes, het discovered that the third patient was actually pretending to be ill.” 
Pretend to be ill? Everyone’s eyes widened! 
Someone shouted, “That’s impossible! His body temperature is high! There is also something wrong with his tongue!” 
“There are ways to fake body temperature, such as preparing hot water and putting the thermometer in it,” Wynter said slowly. 
She continued, “Am I right? Dr. Lopez?” 
Abel pointed at himself in puzzlement. Him? A doctor? 
She nodded toward him, so he responded in a daze, “Yes.” 
Satisfied, she continued, “The patient deliberately concealed his identity, so he did a good job with the medical case’s details. I wouldn’t have noticed it if Dr. Lopez hadn’t reminded
me.” 
Chapter B Young Ci 
Xavier turned to look at Abel and whispered, “Did you remind her?” 
Abel replied, “Did you even see me remind her? Weren’t you in there too?” 
Xavier nodded. Right, she was the one who was treating the patients. 
Their whispers didn’t affect Wynter’s performance. ‘Empathy Clinic won first place because Dr. Lopez was bold and careful during the diagnosis.” 
Abel looked stiff. “I…” 
“Hahaha!” 
The curtain in the consultation room drew open. Leaning on the dragon cane, Theo walked out while speaking in a loud voice, shocking everyone. 
“Young lady, you’re so interesting!” 
#Claim Bonus For Free Every Day
###chapter65
Chapter 65 Theo Appears 
“Grandpa. Lydia stepped forward. 
The bodyguards in black lined up in a row and stood on both sides of Theo. 
To put up with his act of feigning illness, Theo even had a bandage wrapped around his head. At this time, he removed the bandage and glanced at Wynter meaningfully before facing the crowd. 
The Yarwoods had been a formidable family for many generations, which fuelled Theo’s solemn demeanor. Now, as Theo’s gaze swept across the room, everyone instantly 
became anxious. 
“I heard the discussion earlier.” 
Then, he stood up straight and announced firmly, “Empathy Clinic is definitely number one.” 
Upon Theo’s declaration, no one dared to refute anymore. 
Nelson, who had only wanted to ask for Wynter’s medical ideas, became listless. 
Hilda smiled stiffly. “We didn’t know that it was you…” 
“Apart from these three kids, none of you guessed that it was me,‘ Theo said indifferently 
while leaning on his cane. 
The embarrassment promptly dawned upon Hilda, but the others were not any better either. They were all feeling so embarrassed that they wanted to bury their heads into the 
sand.
Who could have thought that the third patient would be Theo, who pretended to be ill? This 
didn’t fall within the scope of their medical skills! 
Hilda began to panic and thought, “No! I can’t let that girl stand out on such an occasion!” 
Then, Yvette whispered, “Madam Gibson, you have a rare medicine that can cure all 
diseases.” 
If Yvette hadn’t reminded her, Hilda would have almost forgotten her trump card. 
“Mr. Yarwood Senior!” she exclaimed loudly. “I heard that Mr. Yarwood has been ill! I’ve 
brought the medicine which you’ve been looking for!” 
The medicine that the Yarwoods have been looking for? Could it be…. 
Everyone became excited, and Theo also turned to look at Hilda. He then motioned to his bodyguard to take the Item. 
Hilda opened the wooden box she had brought and presented it before Theo. 
“It’s the Zenith herb!” 
Someone recognized the herb in the wooden box, and now, even Howard looked over with 
Interest. 
“The Gibsons found the Zenith herb?” 
Everyone knew that the last time the Zenith herb had appeared was ten years ago. This was a rare herb cultivated by the founder of Heavenly Medical Guild. They had all heard that taking this herb could
detoxify and cure all diseases. 
It was rumored that a big shot in Kingbourne had suffered from cancer 10 years ago. But he was cured after the Heavenly Medical Guild gave him a Zenith herb. 
Even now, the Heavenly Medical Guild only had three Zenith herbs to stabilize their current guild. It was possible to say that the Gibsons were actually powerful enough to get it. 
Not to mention others, even Theo felt slightly excited. 
The Yarwoods had been in contact with the Heavenly Medical Guild just to get a Zenith herb. However, the Heavenly Medical Guild replied that they could only obtain it after 
paying a high price. 
The Yarwoods weren’t short of money but time. Theo’s beloved grandson was running out time, but only few were disclosed to this fact. 
Theo stared at the wooden box expressionlessly. “Dr. Gibson, you’re worthy of your renown as a doctor. Tell me your conditions.” 
As soon as he said that, everyone became envious. Hilda enjoyed the admiration and pretended to be generous. “I would like to become Mr. Yarwood’s attending physician.” 
1 
Dalton’s attending physician? Theo stroked the dragon cane in his palm as he pondered. His grandson already had a designated physician–Dr. Genius–and only wanted that doctor 
to treat him.
But the Gibsons had the Zenith herb. 
While Theo was deep in thought, Wynter suddenly sneered. “Madam Gibson, do you need a reminder of where your Zenith herb came from?” 
Hilda was tired of dealing with this damn girl, who only kept ruining her plans over and over 
again. 
She smiled and patted Yvette’s hand. “Yve, as I expected. Your sister is indeed jealous of 
1. us.
###chapter66
Chapter 66 She Plants the Zenith Herb 
vette bit her l*ps and shook her head. “It’s not Wynter’s fault for not being able to accept this. After all, the Yates had a sudden change of hearts.” 
Her words might seem harmless, but she hinted that Wynter was pestering the Yates. 
Charlie frowned. “Yve, don’t be afraid and just say it aloud. She won’t be able to bully you 
since we’re here!” 
“She never bullied me!” Yvette lowered her eyes softly. “She only misunderstood us. The 
Gibsons and the Yates have a good relationship, so Madam Gibson accepted me as her 
apprentice. As a token of gratitude, my father gave the Zenith herb to the Gibsons. Then…” 
Charlie sneered. “Then she came here looking for trouble!” 
“Charlie, calm down.‘ Hilda pretended to be magnanimous. “It’s better to clear up the misunderstanding. Otherwise, others may think that I obtained the Zenith herb through unscrupulous means. 
Wynter looked at their pretentious act and sneered, “Since when have the Gibsons ever 
gotten something through proper means?” 
“Stop talking nonsense!” George was angry. “You’re only qualified to talk when you’re able 
to take out a Zenith herb!” 
Wynter could always get a Zenith herb if she planted it, but there wasn’t a need to show it
off here. 
She only smiled and walked up to Hilda. “My grandma gave birth to an ungrateful son who 
stole her Zenith herb for others. She said to let it go since it was her karma. But I would like 
to ask the Gibsons on behalf of the patients. Have you ever felt guilty?” 
“What are you talking about?‘ George rushed forward and was about to hit Wynter, but the 
Yarwoods‘ bodyguard stopped him. 
“Sir, fighting is prohibited within the Yarwoods‘ territory.” 
Theo expressionlessly stood at the center of the room in silence. 
Seeing this, Hilda knew that she could no longer quarrel over trivial matters. If she made 
the Yarwoods impatient, she wouldn’t be able to bear good results. 
“Mr. Yarwood Senior, I can guarantee that there is nothing wrong with this Zenith herb.” 
She even shamelessly brought Yvette Into the scene and said. “This is the herb that my apprentice and I would like to dedicate to Mr. Yarwood’s treatment.” 
At this point, everyone could somewhat understand that the Zenith herb originally belonged to Margaret. It must be the Gibsons who managed to get Ewan to snatch it away 
for them. 
However, that was the Yates family’s matter. As long as Margaret didn’t speak, no one could blame the Gibsons for taking it.
After all, Yvette, the biological granddaughter, had come voluntarily. It was useless for Wynter, the fake granddaughter, to help Margaret seek justice. 
This was how most of the people reacted, but some people disagreed with it. 
Especially Abel and Xavier, who were pissed off. “Even if that old hag said it nicely, this is considered robbery!” 
Abel immediately understood Wynter. “Miss, no wonder you acted so stubbornly. It turns out that you did it for Mrs. Yates Senior!” 
Though that wasn’t her entire point, Wynter remained silent and only took a glance at the time on her phone. 
Xavier shook his head. “This Zenith herb is too rare. The Yarwoods know its value, so they 
probably wouldn’t reject that old hag.” 
That was right. Who could refuse a rare medicine that could cure all diseases? No to 
mention Mr. Yarwood, who was on the verge of death. 
After all, survival was a person’s instinct. It was the only reason why Hilda could act out so 
fearlessly. 
After putting the wooden box down, Hilda approached Wynter and whispered, “Little girl, 
you 
should look clearly. The Gibsons have a great family background. What do you have to
fight with us?”
###chapter67
Chapter 67 Mr. Yarwood’s Message 
Wynter remained silent and chewed her gum while looking at the pendulum clock. 
Hilda thought that she was frightened, so she confidently took Yvette’s hand and sat back. 
Yvette didn’t know why, but she had a bad feeling churning within. Maybe it was because 
she would see Mr. Yarwood soon. 
She glanced at the wooden box. Sure enough, the Zenith herb was the only thing that could 
bring them close to the Yarwoods. 
Under everyone’s gazes, Theo took the wooden box. People were envious and were about to congratulate Hilda in advance. 
But they heard him say, “Although the Yarwoods aren’t benevolent, we can’t take anything we shouldn’t. Life and death are determined by fate. The Zenith herb is indeed rare, but I 
can’t accept it.” 
What? 
For a moment, everyone looked at him, including Wynter. She raised her eyebrows in 
surprise and observed him meaningfully. 
Theo put the wooden box back and raised his right hand. Instantly, a few words suddenly 
appeared on the wall–I don’t want it.
It was said that words could resemble people–and the words on the walls were indifferently calm. 
If Wynter guessed correctly, this should be Mr. Yarwood’s reply. 
As expected, Theo laughed loudly. “It seems that my grandson has the same answer as 
me!” 
“Mr. Yarwood Senior, this is Zenith herb!” Hilda couldn’t sit still. “Do you know how many people want it? Doesn’t Mr. Yarwood need it?” 
Theo was leaning on his dragon cane. Before he made his decision, he had felt troubled. 
On one hand, he wanted to cure his most beloved grandson; on the other hand, he needed, to do things ethically. Either one was difficult for him to choose. 
But now that he had made a decision, he felt relieved. “He has his destiny.” 
Hilde was dumbfounded since she had never expected this result. Logically speaking, as long as she offered the Zenith herb, the Yarwoods would treat her as a distinguished guest. 
But Theo rejected the herb just because it had an “unknown origin“! 
She took a deep breath. The surrounding gazes were like multiple slaps silently hitting her 
face. 
“Mr. Yarwood Senior… 
George had more to say but was interrupted by Hilda’s laugh. “That’s fine. I understand that the Yarwoods have rules. Since it inconveniences the Yarwoods to accept it, I’ll keep it in
case of emergency.” 
With that said, she turned to Yvette and asked, “Yve, what do you think?” 
“The Zenith herb is a rare life–saving medicine. Its value will be even greater in your hands.” 
Yvette knew she had to stand with Hilda at this time. “Mr. Yarwood’s disease can also be treated with other methods, such as the medicine you developed overseas.” 
As soon as she said that, the Gibsons became the audience’s focus again. Right! That was Zenith herb. Just because the Yarwoods didn’t want it, it didn’t mean that the others didn’t! 
Even the Heavenly Medical Guild might let the Gibsons rejoin the guild if they found out 
about this news. 
Moreover, Hilda still had many new medicines under development. It would only be a 
matter of time to cure Mr. Yarwood. 
“As expected, the Gibsons are too awesome!” 
“Compared to people who only know how to be jealous, it’s better to be like Dr. Gibson, who’s been doing research and development. She has saved countless cancer patients!” 
“That’s right!” 
As they spoke, they glanced at Wynter meaningfully, but she didn’t spare her attention on any of them. A minute later, she looked at her watch with a slight smile and silently 
counted the time.
“3, 2, 1. Time’s up.” 
Hilda and George were enjoying everyone’s admiration, and no one cared about the “fake daughter” in the corner.
###chapter68
Chapter 68 The Gibsons Are Doomed 
While everyone fawned over the Gibsons, a group of people barged into the Inner hall. 
Plain–clothed police officers suddenly appeared, as if they were performing some sort of special mission. As soon as they rushed in, they pressed Hilda and George to the ground. 
Their movements were fast, sharp, and fierce. 
George was shouting, “Who are you? How dare you do this to us…” 
The leader showed his ID. “We’re the Special Operations Team!” 
Special Operations Team? 
Everyone was shocked. Why did the Special Operations Team show up here? 
Theo raised his eyebrows but remained silent as he watched the scene. 
Wynter didn’t move; she was still standing in the shadows where the surveillance couldn’t capture her. She chewed on her gum and carried her bag like a naive girl. 
George wanted to get up. “I don’t care who you are! Do you know who is behind the 
Gibsons?” 
The plain–clothed police officers pushed him back to the ground heavily. 
Hilda turned pale and explained in a hurry, “It’s a misunderstanding! Sir, I have Gerard 
Carter’s phone number! We…”
“City Bureau Secretary Gerard Carter has pleaded guilty.” 
The police interrupted her, ‘The Gibsons despise human life. You used your position to sell organs, carry out bribes, and deceive patients who shouldn’t have to undergo surgery for heart resections! You also committed crimes such as academic fraud, framing colleagues, and marketing to recruit apprentices! With all these, I only feel that I’m arresting you a little 
too late! Take them all away!” 
“He has pleaded guilty?” Hilda was stunned for a moment. She was in a crawling position and her hair was messy when she shouted hysterically, “No! I don’t believe that Mr. Carter would plead guilty!” 
The arrogance she once had before was immediately replaced by embarrassment. 
George was so frightened that he peed. “Aunt Hilda! What should we do? They’re serious!” 
Other aristocratic families were already confused. 
The police no longer wanted to look at them. With a gestured signal, the Gibsons, headed by Hilda, were dragged out together. 
Yvette, who stood beside Hilda, also suffered from the setbacks and was dragged out of the Inner hall. If Charlie hadn’t explained the matter to the police, she would have been arrested and Interrogated instead. 
The atmosphere in the manor had changed. No one was thinking about the medical consultation and panicked. 
Nelson was afraid the Gibsons would affect him. So, he kept shaking his head when the plain–clothed police officers asked him a few questions.
The Gibsons‘ incident was like a bomb that shook the entire medical field, especially the aristocratic families who dared not to speak anymore. 
Some of the people who didn’t have higher family backgrounds whispered to each other. 
“Did the Gibsons really perform random surgeries to make money?” 
“Maybe it’s a misunderstanding.” 
“It’s not a misunderstanding! Look at your phone!” 
Someone posted a video. In 10 minutes, the video was spread throughout Southdale. 
The video wasn’t only playing in shopping malls and hospitals but also in the Yarwoods‘ territory. Someone had invaded the inner hall of the manor and played the video on the 
wall. 
In the video, an old man cried and begged, “Dr. Gibson, one million for surgery fees is too high. I really can’t afford it.” 
Then, the camera panned to Hilda. She didn’t even raise her head. “If you can’t afford it, just wait to die! You don’t need to cry with me! Sir, what is more important? Money or life?” 
The old man wiped his tears away. “Dr. Gibson, is there no other way? Must I really undergo 
surgery?”
###chapter69
Chapter 69 Rush to the Trending Topic 
Hilde waved impatiently. “Yes, surgery is the only way. You can ask the other doctors If you don’t believe me. Don’t come to me anymore! Next!” 
The old man panicked. “Dr. Gibson, I was wrong! You’re the expert in this field. About my 
disease… 
The video ended at this point, and another video was released. 
On the screen, Hilda sneered. “Poor people from the village are always so troublesome!” 
A trainee doctor said, “Dr. Gibson, this isn’t right. He only has a benign small cyst. We can 
first… 
Hilda wore a sinister expression. “Who is the director here? Is it me or you?” 
Two days later, the hospital fired the trainee doctor, and he never appeared again. 
In the same month, Hilda announced that the trainee doctor created a medical accident under her supervision. She suggested that other hospitals shouldn’t hire him and that the university shouldn’t issue him a certificate. 
The trainee doctor was banned, and he was also in the video. As soon as he took off his 
medical mask, the camera captured the scars at the corner of his eye. 
“I originally thought that this matter would be suppressed forever. Back then, I tried writing a report letter, but it didn’t work. The Gibsons‘ are too influential in Southdale, and Hilda is also my mentor, so I
thought of leaving this matter alone. 
“But I came from a small town and studied medicine. I once asked myself. What was my purpose to study medicine? Is it just to get the medical qualification certificate and find a decent job?” 
Then, the trainee doctor shook his head. Tears streamed down his ruined face, but his eyes 
were unusually bright. 
“No, I want to save people. I want to save people like me, who come from ordinary backgrounds without medical knowledge. I still remember what I once swore–I volunteer to devote myself to the cause of human health, consciously safeguard the dignity and sanctity of medicine, respect life, save lives, and heal the wounded. 
The last paragraph was an oath that every Cascadia doctor knew. 
After the scarred trainee doctor read that, everyone felt moved. 
It included the women who danced in the square, the pregnant mothers who underwent prenatal check–ups, and all the doctors in the manor. 
Before the video ended, the screen changed. It was Hilda again. She sneered. “How dare a student with no background fight with me! He doesn’t even know how to respect hist 
mentor!” 
Someone echoed, “Madam Gibson, you’re right. He’s too ignorant.” 
She took off her medical mask and said, “This surgery is done. Keep an eye on him, and don’t let him bleed. Poor people are indeed easy to fool–they don’t understand anything. Arrange the next surgery for me as soon as possible. I have to do more surgeries this
month. It’ll be great help to my professional title.” 
Soon, the video changed again. 
The old man, who had undergone an unnecessary surgery, was unable to get out of bed for the rest of his life. 
The video ended with one sentence. 
“Luck never seems to favor the poor. How can the Gibsons repay their lives!” 
Almost as soon as the video finished playing, it became a trending topic on all major platforms. 
All platforms, even the news, had this video playing. Some people spent a lot of money to suppress the trending topic but to no avail. 
In addition to Southdale, people in other cities were also discussing this topic. 
When it reached a certain level of popularity, it became a matter of people’s livelihood 
Who would dare save the Gibsons? No one! 
The Gibsons were at the center of criticism. Those who had good relations with them were 
now eager to cut ties with them. 
Arthur made numerous calls to ask for help, but no one answered. There was only one 
reply that he received. 
The meaning of the other party was unclear. “Get ready for the loss.”
Then, he never got any clue again.
###chapter70
Chapter 70 Good and Evil Deeds Are Rewarded 
The people who weren’t in the video were hiding away. While the people appearing in the video had already been controlled by the Special Operations Team in advance. 
It took the Special Operations Team three days before deciding to take action in the Yarwoods’ private residence. 
The Yarwoods’ seminar was undoubtedly the best choice to catch the criminals to avoid protection and leaking information. 
The Special Operations Team arrived so quickly that no one knew how they uncovered the evidence against the Gibsons. 
No one knew who posted the video that went viral on the internet as well. Even the Special Operations Team was investigating who did it. 
In the manor, the leader of the Special Operations Team walked toward Theo. ‘The incident happened suddenly. I hope that you can forgive our intrusion.” 
He smiled. “It doesn’t matter since you’re here to eliminate harm. You’re doing a great job.” 
The leader shook his head helplessly. “I didn’t expect that such a crime would happen in Southdale. They’re disregarding human life!” 
Theo glanced at all the aristocratic families in the hall. “It’s indeed scary.” 
The leader spoke respectfully, “You’re well-informed and have numerous achievements. Is there anything that scares you?”
“An unkind doctor is a nightmare for patients and their families.” Theo’s momentum was 
unabated. 
The leader seemed to be thinking of Dalton and paused briefly before whispering cryptically, “Mr. Yarwood Senior, you’d better hold this seminar another day. Southdale’s 
troubles aren’t over yet. 
Theo understood in an instant and remained calm. 
The Special Operations Team left just as quickly as they came. Only after the plain-clothed police officers had left did the people in the hall dare to speak out. 
‘The Gibsons are so cruel!” 
There are old people, women, and children I They deceived everyone! Those are human 
Ilves!” 
The anger slowly tumbled out and grew as it did. 
The online revelations about the Gibsons hadn’t stopped. 
Someone in the hall asked, “Dr. Shepherd, don’t the Shepherds have the best relationship with the Gibsons? Do you know about this?” 
Charlie turned into a coward with no grace. “How could I possibly know? The president of the Traditional Medicine Hospital is the Lopezes!” 
Abel felt unpleasant. “Yes, my grandpa is indeed the president, but the board of directors is the Shepherds!”
He added heroically. “The Lopezes will never do such a heartless matter, let alone provide cover! We can withstand investigation. How about you?” 
“Enough,” Nelson spoke as an elder and intended to smooth the matter over. “Since the Gibsons did something wrong, the police will investigate it. Stop arguing.” 
With such a commotion, there was no way for the medical consultation to continue, and everyone went back. After all, the Gibsons’ incident had brought too much turmoil to them. 
The aristocratic families looked at each other, and the doctors without a high family background also thought deeply. 
At this time, Wynter, who stood in the shadows, walked out. She stood next to Abel and looked sassy and beautiful. 
No one would associate this earth-shattering event with the Yates’ fake daughter. 
Theo seemed to be in deep thoughts. Then, he finally said with a smile, “You have all seen the situation. Since it’s unsuitable to do a medical consultation today, we’ll continue the seminar another day.” 
Indeed, no one was in the mood to treat 
anyone a 
The Shepherds were deeply troubled and left in a worry. Let alone the others, who also 
dispersed in a hurry. 
They were all studying medicine, so they were more or less involved with the Gibsons.
Some were the Gibsons’ outstanding apprentices, while others were the same as Yvette- 
Chapter 70 Good and Eve Deeds Are Rewarded 
had just become the Gibsons’ apprentices. 
They all felt a chill to see that the Gibsons were doomed and wondered who it was that dealt with the Gibsons. That person must have no fear of the Kingbourne’s forces.
###chapter71
Chapter 71 Mr. Yarwood and Her Tested Each Other 
Meanwhile, Wynter followed the guests out. She pressed her red baseball cap on calmly, 
as if all of the incidents had nothing to do with her. 
But Xavier was puzzled. “Miss, who do you think wields such great ability?” 
Her voice was light. “I don’t know.” 
He touched his chin. “That’s right. How would you know it? Abel didn’t know it either, right?” 
Abel was distracted. “Yes, that’s right.” 
Wynter glanced at him and casually said, “Good and evil deeds will be compensated. If you’ve never done anything wrong, there’s no need to be afraid.” 
Xavier nodded. “Anyway, I’m not afraid. I don’t even know how to treat patients. My grandpa also drinks every day. He doesn’t care about these things.” 
Abel raised his eyes. “I’m not afraid either. I believe in my grandpa.” 
She smiled lightly. “My grandma always tells me that only Mr. Lopez Senior is still friends with her after that incident happened to her. Don’t worry. He’ll be fine.” 
Only then did he feel relieved and muttered, “I’ve long disliked the Gibsons. Last time, I taught them a lesson when they had a bad attitude and tried to bully others in the hospital. This time, an unknown hero taught them a lesson. Whoever that hero is, I can only say that they’re truly chivalrous!” 
“Indeed.” Wynter wasn’t embarrassed at all and acknowledged her follower’s compliments. “The Gibsons are over. So, it’s our turn to make a fortune.”
Abel nodded. “That’s right! We…” 
Wait, why did her sentence sound so familiar? Could it be that he had watched too many buzzwords from the platform? 
He tugged on his headphone’s in confusion. 
Wynter, who was walking in front, smiled. When she was about to leave the inner hall, she suddenly realized something and turned to look toward the top floor of the manor. 
There was a glass room with the best view of the entire manor. 
She couldn’t underestimate the Yarwoods, especially the third son of the Yarwoods. 
Chapter 71 M Yarwbed and Her Tested Each Oster 
Wynter soon averted her gaze and disappeared into the crowd. 
Outside the manor, Wanda, who wasn’t a part of the entourage, didn’t know what was happening. She enjoyed the dessert and occasionally chatted with the people next to her. 
“Yes, my daughter is Madam Gibson’s new apprentice.” 
Some ladies praised her, “You’re so good at raising your child: My son isn’t as good as 
yours. 
She smiled. “I’m indeed not worried about Yve. She’s studying at the university in 
Kingbourne.” 
“Kingbourne!”
The people who gathered around her were extremely envious. 
Those entourage ladies were wealthy but were bad at getting the current news. 
Only the people in the inner hall knew about the Special Operations Team taking the 
Gibsons away. 
After all, the Yarwoods had always done a good job in privacy protection. 
Moreover, Dalton, the head of the Yarwoods, knew about their actions. Otherwise, the operation wouldn’t have gone so smoothly. 
The Special Operations Team went to thank him. 
Dalton stood in the glass room at the top of the manor in a suit and overlooked the whole garden. “Mr. Holland, you’re welcome. The Yarwoods are also careless. Our system has been invaded–my men are incapable.” 
Ethan, who was in charge of the security system, didn’t dare to raise his head upon hearing 
that. 
Keith Holland was experienced. “The informer has a big background. He has used ruthless methods and is very good at network intrusion. We have contacted Honker Alliance to see if they can find the informer.) 
“You didn’t find out who the informer was?” Dalton stroked the red beaded bracelet on his wrist. His dark eyes were deep, and he smiled slightly. He thought that this matter was a little interesting.
###chapter72
Chapter 72 Aroused Mr. Yarwood’s Interest 
“He is very cunning and constantly switches virtual IP addresses. The location is different 
each time. The only location we can confirm is Southdale. It took our technical department 
three days to crack it.” 
Keith frowned. “As for the other one, we can’t find it no matter what.” 
It was indeed rare to find someone who could make the Special Operations Team feel helpless. 
The last time the same situation happened was three years ago. 
Dalton withdrew his gaze and said, “Why don’t you change your ways? You can start by investigating the Gibsons‘ enemies. 
“The Gibsons‘ enemies?” Keith immediately understood. “Mr. Yarwood, do you mean that 
this is a personal grudge?” 
Dalton lowered his gaze. “So far, no organization has claimed responsibility for this 
incident. Since he appeared as an informer, he doesn’t seem to be very righteous.” 
“Indeed.” Keith pondered before instructing the same group of plain–clothed police. 
officers. “Check the social connections of the Gibsons, especially those whom they have 
had grudges with.” 
“Yes, sir”
Dalton whispered, “Actually, you don’t have to worry.” 
“What?” Keith felt confused. 
He put on the beaded bracelet, and his eyes were bright and clear. “The matter isn’t over 
yet. With the style of that informer, I bet he’ll appear again.” 
Appear again? 
Keith felt his heart skip a beat, feeling inexplicably uneasy. 
After the Special Operations Team left, someone opened the glass room’s door. 
I 
Theo appeared at the door unpleasantly. “You brat, I knew you were involved!” 
“I really can’t hide anything.” Dalton walked over to support him and smiled. 
Theo glared at him. “Don’t change the topic! Who am I holding this seminar for?” 
“For me,” Dalton replied, not forgetting to hint at the bodyguards. 
The bodyguards got the order and immediately retreated. 
Theo pouted. “Stop pretending to be obedient. You know your body well. Don’t support me 
if you don’t feel well.” 
“I’ve been recovering well these past two days.” Dalton felt cold and coughed lightly as he 
spoke.
The itching in his throat reminded him of the cooling lozenges Dr. Genius had fed him that day. He planned to take time to go to the clinic again. 
He hadn’t been there for three days and wondered if she remembered him. 
Theo didn’t know what his grandson was thinking and only felt regretful. “The Zenith herb 
is such a good thing, but you don’t want it.” 
“Didn’t you also refuse it?” Dalton helped him sit down. “It’s just a Zenith herb.” 
He sighed. “The Gibsons are so ruthless.” 
Dalton poured him a cup of tea. “Yes.” 
“They deserve it. Don’t help the Special Operations Team catch the informer.” 
He stirred the tea, saying, “Grandpa, I have no such plan.” 
Theo snorted. “You haven’t? You’ve installed so much surveillance in the inner hall. Do you 
think I’m blind?” 
Dalton lowered his eyes. “I’m just interested in it.” 
Theo didn’t believe his cunning grandson. “I don’t care what you think. The most important thing is your health! How could you use the seminar to arrest the Gibsons? You’ve scared away all those renowned doctors. No one will dare to treat you in the future!” 
“All of them are scared?” 
A bright and attractive figure appeared in Dalton’s mind. He couldn’t help but chuckle.”
That shouldn’t be the case.”
###chapter73
Chapter 73 Fable About Mr. Yarwood 
Theo observed his grandson. “You seem to be in a good mood.” 
Dalton paused. “Am I?” 
He picked up the teacup and said, “Our system has been hacked, but you’re still smiling. 
You’re obviously in a good mood! You brat!” 
Dalton knew that Theo was still angry with him for not taking his treatment seriously, so he 
poured a cup of tea. “Grandpa, Ethan should have told you about my recent physical 
condition and the people whom I met.” 
Theo looked at the ceiling and refused to admit it. “Ethan is your bodyguard. How could he 
tell me these details?” 
“Well, fine. You’re right.” Dalton smiled meaningfully. 
He really couldn’t be bothered to talk nonsense to his grandson. 
Everyone in the Yarwoods was straightforward except for this cunning brat! 
“Alright, just tell me! Which one is the Dr. Genius that Ethan mentioned?” 
Theo wanted to chat with and thank Dr. Genius. 
Although many renowned doctors had diagnosed that Dalton wouldn’t live past 27, his
appetite had increased at least. That was great news for the Yarwoods. 
Dalton still kept it a secret. “Try to guess it.” 
Theo immediately took out the recorded list. “Could it be the doctor from the Lopezes? But 
his medical skills aren’t good enough. Or the Shepherds?* 
everyone 
Theo guessed almost from the younger generation except for Wynter. 
“It can’t be that interesting girl.” 
He leaned on his cane and shook his head. “Apart from the Yarwoods, you’re allergic to 
every other girl!” 
is 
“But that girl is indeed Dr. Genius!” Ethan shouted in his heart. He was right beside them 
but he couldn’t tell Theo. 
After all, Dalton had considered sending him to Astana after knowing that he had leaked 
information about Dr. Genus to Theo. He couldn’t talk too much. 
Dalton remained calm and held onto the beaded bracelet. He raised his eyebrows slightly.” Grandpa you seem satisfied with that girl.” 
wind interesting.”
When Theo talked about what had happened in the consulting room, his mood finally improvest a little. He smiled. “You don’t know how smart she is. She was the one who 
dagnosed me, but she let others take the credit.” 
That was indeed her style. Dalton suppressed his smile. “Who would refuse such credit?” 
This gal probably thinks that the three of them are a team and that it’s not good for her to stand out.” 
Theo spoke with appreciation. “She’s calm in facing honor and disgrace, knowing how to ance and retreat with her members. She’s ambitious, and her medical skills are good. 
It’s a pity that she is a girl, so she can’t get close to you.” 
That was what wonted him the most. His grandson had never been close to anyone since 
he was a child. 
He sighed. “What should I do with your marriage?” 
Grandpa, don’t wony,” Dalton said calmly, Tve already mentioned it to Mr. Quinnell Senior. My health is bad. I won’t marry his granddaughter.” 
When Theo heard that, his anger grew. “I never asked you to break off the engagement! I want you to think about your relationship issues!” 
“Ive thought about it. Whether intentionally or not, Dalton coughed a few times. His face was pale, and his breathing became weak. “Grandpa, you know that I can’t give others happiness. 
Ethan suspected that Dalton was acting, but he didn’t dare to expose it.
Theo knew that this brat did it on purpose. He soon thought of the fortune teller, Atwater Munoz, who gave his grandson a fable when he was only one month old.
###chapter74
Chapter 74 Who Is the Yarwoods‘ Tuming Point 
Dalton had a noble but short–lived destiny. 
Since Theo felt bad about it, he let Dalton off the hook. 
Fabian hadn’t found his granddaughter. So, it was better to let the Quinnells decide the marriage after they had found her. 
He just felt that it was a pity that no one could accompany his outstanding grandson from 
childhood. 
Theo sighed with a rare sign of guilt. “It’s all my fault. I shouldn’t have…” 
“Grandpa.” Dalton interrupted him with a faint, warm smile. “I’ve never hated you. If the 
Yarwoods need someone to take on something, I’d rather it be me.” 
Holding the dragon cane, Theo trembled slightly. He didn’t speak for a long time and looked at his bright and lovely grandson before sighing helplessly. 
Everyone envied the Yarwoods for their wealth, but no one knew of the troubles they went 
through. 
His grandson had been willing to suffer for so many years. 
Atwater also once said that everything would have a turning point. But they had waited for so many years. Where was their turning point? 
Dalton knew what Theo was thinking, but he only sat beside the tea table calmly and
looked out of the manor. 
The afternoon light swept past him and casted a layer of halo around his figure. It made him look even more cold and noble, just like the son of an aristocratic family in the medieval times. His every move was filled with light. 
He guessed she should have received the gift he gave her by now. Even through the video, 
he could tell that she wanted the Zenith herb. 
Dalton smiled lightly. 
At this moment, Wynter had already walked out of the inner hall. While she was responding to Abel, she secretly sent a message to Wolf in her pocket. 
The content was simple, and there was only one sentence–Retreat, the Yarwoods. 
Intervened! 
When Wolf received her notice, he was eating toast on the street. He ate it in big 
m*uthfuls, filling his entire m*uth. 
Since he didn’t implant any extra IP addresses, he immediately wiped them out and left no trace for the other party. 
He stood up and thought, “Hmph, the Yarwoods are so annoying!” 
Margaret shouted over there, “Wolf, come and take a look! What’s going on with this TV? It keeps buzzing!” 
Biting down on the toast and holding onto wooden buckets, he headed toward the inner courtyard.
No one would have thought that the person who caused an uproar in Southdale and turmoil on the internet would be a little boy. 
After all, they had never linked the Gibsons‘ trouble to Wynter, so they were even less likely to notice the clinic hidden in the alley. 
At the same time, the Southdale ladies were still talking in the reception hall outside the 
manor. 
Wanda had become the center of their attention. “Speaking of Kingbourne, we plan to move there by the end of the year.” 
Mrs. Lipsey was surprised. “Going to Kingbourne? What about your business?” 
Mrs. Jennings took a sip of tea. “You know nothing. Mrs. Yates‘ maternal family is now in Kingbourne.” 
All the ladies were envious. 
Although Southdale was good, and its economy was developing rapidly, it was still far behind Kingbourne. 
“Business is trivial.” Wanda pretended to be modest. “Yve is outstanding. We can’t be a hindrance to her, so we’d better move to Kingbourne…” 
Just as she was talking, Yvette was pulled out by a bodyguard. Her hair was messed up, and she looked frightened. 
“Mom.” 
She was about to cry, but when she saw all the ladies in the entourafe, she immediately hid
her emotions.
###chapter75
Chapter 75 Wanda’s Embarrassment 
Wanda stood up abruptly and shouted, “Yve! What’s wrong with you? Why did you come out alone? Where is Madam Gibson?” 
Yvette took her hand and whispered, “Mom, let’s talk about it later.” 
Wanda wasn’t st*pid. Realizing that something was wrong, she anxiously said to the ladies, “Yve has anemia. I have to take her back quickly.” 
The ladies looked at each other. 
None of them was a fool. Anemia? Could it be that she was eliminated early? 
Yvette could see through their thoughts, so she pretended to be weak and leaned against Wanda. “Mom, I’m a little out of breath. Don’t worry, I didn’t embarrass you. The 
consultation is over. 
After such a serious incident had happened, the medical consultation wouldn’t continue. 
Yvette was smart enough to analyze the situation. 
In five minutes, the inner hall door opened wide, and the renowned doctors came out one 
after another. 
The ladies all stood up and stopped paying attention to the Yates. 
in 
Yvette quickly took the opportunity to run away with Wanda.
They ran out of breath to a further distance as Yvette didn’t want to be embarrassed in 
public. 
Wanda lost her elegance. “What happened?” 
Seeing no one was around, she whispered, “The Gibsons are doomed! Madam Gibson was arrested! Mom, we won’t be implicated, right?” 
What? 
Wanda lost her balance and almost fell. She couldn’t believe it. “No way! The Gibsons and 
Mr. Carter have…” 
“Mr. Carter was also arrested!” Yvette resisted the urge to yell, “Special Operations Team has arrested him! Mom, think about it! The Yates have nothing to do with them, right?” 
Wanda was stunned and shook her head. “With your dad’s financial level, he’s not qualified 
yet.” 
She breathed a sigh of relief. “That’s good.” 
Wanda stil! couldn’t accept it and shouted, “How could Hilda be caught? We spent so much effort on her! Your dad gave her one million and even snatched Margaret’s Zenith herb for her! How could anything happen to her!” 
Thinking about how she had been serving Hilda like a maid these days, she couldn’t 
control her anger.
“That damn Hilda! If they weren’t reputable and we needed to rely on them to get to the Yarwoods, I wouldn’t have been so humble-” 
Before Wanda could finish cursing, Yvette covered her m*uth. 
“Mom, keep your voice down! The Southdale families are cutting ties with the Gibsons right now. Just forget about that one million. You must never mention it again!” 
Sometimes, she even wondered how she could have such a st*pid biological mother. 
If it weren’t for the fact that the Yates had money and could help her get a high status, she 
wouldn’t have even returned. 
Wanda didn’t notice her daughter’s sinister eyes. She gritted her teeth and whispered, That’s one million! But you’re right. We can no longer have anything to do with the Gibsons.” 
They wanted to take advantage but suffered a loss instead. She needed to tell the Scotts the news as soon as possible. 
The Yates were indeed unqualified to associate with Gerard, but not the Scotts. Fortunately, her maternal family was in Kingbourne. There was always a way to avoid. 
trouble. 
Yvette didn’t pay attention to her distraction as she was concerned with another matter. Mom, how are Grandma’s medical skills? I saw that Wynter became different…”
###chapter76
Chapter 76 Mr. Yarwood Invites Her 
I’ve told you not to mention her!” 
Wanda seemed unable to bear having Wynter as a fake daughter, and her voice became 
louder. 
“Yve, you’re still young, so you don’t understand. Once she becomes poor, she’ll find ways to cling to you. You said that she has changed? That’s because she wants to make a living!” 
Yvette frowned. “But she does know medicine. Even Mr. Yarwood Senior showed up just 
now.” 
She was shocked. “You mean that the Yarwoods chose her?” 
Yvette bit her l*ps. “Not really. She is in a group with the Lopezes. The scion of the Lopezes 
is more outstanding.” 
Wanda sneered. “Ah, she’s now clinging onto the Lopezes now! I underestimated that poor 
old lady. She’s finally willing to use her connections!” 
“Mom, Grandma’s medical skills are good, right?” 
She snorted. “She has caused a patient’s death. Even if she has some medical skills, she has ruined her reputation in this circle. Only the Lopezes are still in good relations with her.” 
Yvette lowered her head and went depp into her thoughts.
“Yve.” Wanda took her hand. “Don’t worry. Even if the Lopezes help Margaret, she wouldn’t 
be able to do anything. The most important thing for us right now is to find a way to get 
close to the Yarwoods.” 
Yvette raised her head. “There is a way.” 
Her eyes lit up. “What’s it?” 
Yvette looked away. “I deliberately left the Zenith herb at the Yarwoods, so I’ll have an excuse to go into the manor again. Mom, is it fine for me to do that?” 
“My babe! What’s wrong with this? You’re so smart!” 
Wanda looked at her with satisfaction. “That fake girl can never compare with you! Her IQ isn’t even on the same level as yours!” 
When Yvette heard her mention Wynter again, she revealed a hint of cruelity. 
Wanda didn’t know why her daughter always paid attention to that fake daughter. To make Yvette focus on the Yarwoods, the tried her best to belittle Wynter. 
In fact, she was telling the truth-Wynter was indeed st*pid. 
She spent so much effort back then but could only get into college. It was an 
embarrassment to Wanda. 
Unlike Yvette, who studied medicine at a university in Kingbourne and would soon be able to get close to the Yarwoods.
Wanda believed that she would enjoy happiness soon. 
She was happily dreaming of being successful by marrying her daughter into the 
Yarwoods.. 
But Yvette suddenly said, “Mom, who did the Gibsons offend to cause their downfall so 
badly? Could it be related to Grandma’s Zenith herb?” 
“The Gibsons have accumulated grudges all these years!” 
Wanda hated Hilda to death. “Don’t always link that old lady to everything. With Hilda’s way of taking bribes, maybe one of her apprentices reported her!! 
Yvette thought so. Since the Special Operations Team was here, there must be an informer 
-perhaps it was the trainee doctor in the video. 
She should think carefully about using that Zenith herb to make the Yarwoods change their opinion of her and give her a chance to meet Mr. Yarwood. 
After all, it didn’t matter if Wynter knew medicine. 
They were still too arrogant to think that it wouldn’t have much impact on them even if Wynter had changed. 
However, at the same time, Wynter, who was about to leave the manor with Abel and Xavier, was stopped by the black-clad bodyguard of the Yarwoods. 
The other party was polite and even respectful. ‘Hello, Ms. Yates. Mr. Yarwood is looking for you.
###chapter77
Chapter 77 Great Gifts From Mr. Yarwood 
“Mr. Yarwood? Xavier’s eyes widened in surprise. “Why is he looking for her?” 
His sentence attracted everyone who hadn’t yet left to turn around. 
Did they hear wrongly? Mr. Yarwood was looking for that “fake daughter”? 
The bodyguard responded, “Mr. Yarwood wants to return the things belonging to the Yates.” 
It turned out that he wanted to return something to her. 
Everyone looked at each other and felt relieved. 
That made sense. How could Mr. Yarwood know a ‘fake daughter” from a small town? 
Abel stood before Wynter. “I’ll go with her.” 
After all, he had promised his grandfather to protect her. 
The bodyguard spoke stiffly, “Sorry, sir. Mr. Yarwood only invited Ms. Yates.” 
“My surname isn’t Yates.” Wynter, who had been silent all this time, squeezed the phone in her pocket. “Please lead the way.” 
Mr. Yarwood was looking for her, but it was probably not because he found Wolf. 
Maybe she was accidentally captured by a hidden surveillance in the inner hall. 
If so, it would be easy for her to make up an excuse. She kept guessing his intentions as she followed the bodyguard.
Abel was worried about her. ‘Miss, don’t be afraid. The Yarwoods are reasonable!” 
Wynter waved as casually as ever. 
He thought. “What if the Yarwoods are unreasonable? We can’t fight the Yarwoods!” 
Abel looked around. Those bodyguards could hit both of them to the ground with just a punch! 
Wynter also observed the layout of the manor. She never thought of using force to solve the problem but her IQ. 
“Ms…” the bodyguard was hesitating about what to call her. 
I’m Wynter Quinnell.” 
“Ms. Quinnell.” 
The bodyguard opened the door and said, “Please come in.” 
She raised her eyebrows. “Aren’t you going in?” 
The bodyguard didn’t say anything but stood by the door responsibly. 
Wynter quickly removed the communication card from her pocket, which made the phone freeze. 
It seemed like a study built in an open-air attic. The open-air area was filled with plants, and a screen was placed in the middle to create a medieval-style viewing. There was a medicinal incense lit on one side. 
That was the first thing she smelled when she came in.
No one was in the study. It was empty and bookish, but the screen on one side showed the scenes of the inner hall. 
In other words, Mr. Yarwood had been sitting here, watching their every move in the inner hall. 
Indeed, he had used his own means. 
Wynter smiled. The tea was still warm, and there was a chessboard. It seemed that the person who played chess was temporarily away, and that the game wasn’t over. 
She didn’t move and only glanced at the wooden box in the center with a piece of hot. stamping paper placed on it. 
The handwriting on the paper was smooth, vigorous, and powerful. 
“Ms. Yates, please accept them.” 
Accept them? 
There was a hint of amusement in Wynter’s eyes. 
She knew what was in the wooden box-it was the Zenith herb that the Gibsons had 
grabbed. 
But was she allowed to take the things outside the wooden box as well? 
Phase 1 Great Gifts Pens Mr Varwend 
There was a black card, a truffle, and a bunch of root herbs. 
Wynter raised her chin slightly and looked at the surveillance nearby before making a move.
She only took the wooden box. But she took a fancy to his herbal tea, so she poured herself a cup of it and ate a piece of macaron on a plate. 
It just so happened that she was hungry after consulting the patients. 
While eating, Wynter picked up a pen and wrote a reply on the same paper. 
“I’m not surnamed Yates. Thank you for the hospitality. I will only take what I should. The dessert is good. In return, I would like to remind Mr. Yarwood that it’s not good to smell medicinal incense for a long time.”
###chapter78
Chapter 78 Medicinal Incense Is Polsonous 
Wynter picked up the wooden box and walked out after leaving a message. 
As for her handwriting, regardless of whether Mr. Yarwood could understand it, it was terrible. 
She did things based on superficial etiquette. 
He gave her gifts as if he had discovered her. 
So, she thought that she’d better avoid him in the future. Then, she recalled the beautiful. pen which was encrusted with diamonds. 
Cultural people were indeed wealthy. 
Dalton didn’t know yet that his actions had backfired. 
As soon as Wynter left, he entered the room. After watching the surveillance all afternoon, he felt somewhat tired. 
The bodyguard in black approached, “Sir, Ms. Wynter Quinnell didn’t take anything else. She only took the Zenith herb.” 
Wynter Quinnell? 
Dalton raised his eyebrows slightly. It turned out that her name was Wynter Quinnell. 
He walked into the study while taking off his beaded bracelet. Glancing at the remaining things on the table, he asked lightly, “Did she drink the tea?” 
The bodyguard was shocked. “Sir, we haven’t had time to change things yet. I’ll get rid of
them!” 
What Dalton hated the most was people touching his tea set. 
When Ms. Quinnell from Kingbourne stained his coasters, he had ordered them to replace 
them. 
They had learned their lesson the last time, and naturally would not dare to make such a 
mistake again. 
This time, however, the bodyguard didn’t expect Wynter to have the guts to drink Dalton’s, tea and eat his desserts. She didn’t do things according to common sense! 
Dalton had already picked up the hot stamping paper. “Just leave it. The tea has just been brewed, so it would be a pity to change it.” 
The bodyguard was shocked. He even had some suspicion that there was something wrong with his ears. 
“Ms. Quinnell seems to have touched the macarons. I’d better tell the pastry chef to…” 
“No need.” Dalton picked up the financial report and said calmly, “She didn’t touch the 
other side.” 
The bodyguard was scratching his head. He wondered whether Dalton was angry and felt 
that Wynter was a little too unruly. 
Dalton seemed to have read through his thoughts and turned slightly cold. “Samson,
remember, she is my guest.” 
Samson White trembled. “Yes, sir!” 
Dalton drew back his gaze and said lazily, “Throw away that medicinal incense.” 
Ethan came in and happened to hear this sentence. 
“Sir, you can’t throw it away.” 
He blocked Samson’s hand. “Ms. Yarwood bought it for you. It’s a rare medicinal incense.” 
Dalton glanced at him and handed the paper over. “Read it yourself.” 
“It’s not good to smell medicinal incense for a long time?” 
Ethan frowned, finding it hard to read it. “This handwriting is too terrible.” 
Dalton took a sip of his tea. After drinking, he seemed to remember something and 
paused. Then, he looked at the teacup. “She wrote it.” 
Ethan knew who “she” was, and his voice became even louder. “Dr. Genius said that? Then 
we have to believe it! I’ll throw it away!” 
Samson deadpanned and thought, “So, the Dr. Genius who Mr. Yarwood Senior has been 
waiting for all day turned out to be a girl?” 
After Ethan threw the medicinal incense, he was still confused. “Sir, it’s not like Dr. Genius‘
style to remind you like this.” 
“Yes.” Dalton turned the teacup and poured the tea. 
Chapter 20 Medic 
Wynter wouldn’t have done that unless the medicinal incense wasn’t only useless but also 
harmful. 
But it was Lydia who bought the thing, so there was no way she could have harmed him. He looked out the windows in deep thought.
###chapter79
Chapter 79 Steal Something From the Yarwoods 
It was 6:00 pm-the rush hour for getting off work. 
Cars were going back and forth on the road. There was no traffic in Waterview Alley, but there were a lot of people gossiping. 
“Did you hear that?” 
“What’s it?” 
“The doctor from the opposite hospital was arrested!* 
“It’s the Gibsons who came to cause trouble last time!” 
Susan just came back from shopping for groceries. “I think they came to bully Mrs. Yates Senior on purpose last time!” 
“I think so! It’s said in the news that the Gibsons are bad! Many patients have suffered from 
them!” 
“She also suppresses her colleagues. Mrs. Yates Senior must also have suffered!” 
Susan looked over. “Now you know! But you’ve said something you shouldn’t have in front 
of Wynter!” 
“Mrs. Yates Senior has lived with us for so long and nothing has ever happened here.” 
“I had a stomachache before and couldn’t afford the medicine from hospitals. But Mrs. Yates Senior made me some soup and added something else-I don’t know what it is. I only needed to pay 50 dollars
to cure it!” 
While they were discussing, Wynter returned with a wooden box and smiled slightly. “Aunt Susan, what are you talking about?” 
“Oh, Wynter, you scared me!” Susan said enthusiastically, “We’re talking about your grandma! Her medicine can cure our illnesses!” 
She smiled. “Did my grandma prescribe medicine for you?” 
“It’s diet therapy,” Susan said, “I know your grandma’s rules-to only maintain our health 
and not cure diseases. 
Wynter put down the wooden box. “Why are you all gathered here?” 
Wynter put down the wooden box. “Why are you all gathered here?” 
“They want to apologize to your grandma!” Susan glanced at the neighbors. “But 
they’re too embarrassed to enter.” 
She smiled slightly. “We’re open for business, so you 
can all come in as you please.” 
“That’s great! I want to ask your grandma to massage my neck!” someone said, “I haven’t been here for the past few days and it feels swollen and painful!” 
Wynter responded to them while opening the door. Wolf, who was squatting in the inner courtyard to light the fire, immediately stood up and ran over fiercely.
Sensing that she had looked at him, he stopped abruptly and raised his hands. His eyes widened, as if he was asking what had happened. 
“Wolf!” Susan stroked his head. “Where is your grandma? We’re here to have a 
massage!” 
Wolf hated it when others stroked his head, but he resisted the urge to hit her and 
pointed to the back aggressively. 
She went inside happily, not knowing that if Wynter hadn’t been there, Wolf might 
have knocked her over! 
A group of neighbors were talking in the backyard. Even if they didn’t ask for a massage, at least the shop had returned to its usual bustle. 
Wynter was responsible for coaxing Wolf. Otherwise, he would have to dig a hole in the floor while carrying the bucket in his current state. 
“I brought you your favorite.” 
She opened the black bag and gave him the gifts from the Yarwoods. 
When Wolf saw his favorite truffles and cordyceps, his eyes widened. Then, he gestured with a smile. 
“Well, the Yarwoods are very generous.” Wynter looked at him and said slowly, “No, 
you can’t steal them.” 
He tilted his head and squinted his eyes, as if asking “why not?”.
She also gave him the wooden box. “Mr. Yarwood is a bit dangerous.” 
He gestured and asked if he was more dangerous than her. 
She answered casually, “You can’t compare me to him.” 
He looked at the truffle, but his intentions remained unchanged. 
Seeing his expression, she raised her eyebrows. “Wolf, I taught you to obey the rules when you first came. What did I say?” 
Wolf opened his m*uth and showed his sharp teeth. He gestured-No stealing, no robbing. 
Wynter nodded. “You can’t steal or rob, let alone eat randomly.” 
Just as he was about to nod to show his obedience, she suddenly pinched his face. 
She checked on him, and her expression darkened. “Why are your teeth growing so 
fast?
###chapter80
Chapter 80 Reopen Empathy Clinic 
“Wynter!” 
Margaret interrupted Wynter and smiled. “Ask Wolf to bring some more water to 
soak Susan’s feet.” 
Wynter naturally retracted her hand. “Okay.” 
She temporarily put Wolf’s matter aside. There was no rush anyway. As long as she 
used a lot of herbal medicine, no one would have any suspicion of him. 
At night, the dinner’s aroma filled the alley. 
It could be seen today that it was Margaret’s happiest day. 
She wore her reading glasses and massaged her neighbor’s shoulder seriously. As. long as the patient got better, she would giggle along. 
Wynter raised her eyebrows. After Susan and the others left, she supported Margaret 
and said, “Grandma, let’s reopen the Empathy Clinic.” 
Margaret’s expression froze. “Why are you mentioning it suddenly?” 
“Is it sudden?” 
Wynter said casually, “Grandma, I’ll take the correspondence college entrance examination. I must have some practical experience and background. Otherwise,
others will look down on me when I go to the city in the future.” 
Wolf’s eyes widened, seemingly shocked to hear her words. 
Wynter glared at him to make him stop his gestures. “Wolf, the toast is ready. Go and 
eat it.” 
He ate his toast with satisfaction–it was a toast with truffles! 
Margaret pondered for a mement and said, “Well, you’re right. You need to take the college entrance examination seriously.” 
“I’ll watch you while you do medical consultations. That’s the best way to learn.” 
Peopen Empatny 
Wynter pointed at Wolf. “Wolf also eats a lot. So, we need to make more money if we want to afford raising him.” 
While eating the toast, he moved his ears to express his approval. 
Margaret’s mind wandered a little further, and she suddenly asked, “Wynter, you went to the Yarwoods today. Did something happen?” 
She didn’t hide it from Margaret. “Yes. During the medical consultation session, the police broke into the manor and took the Gibsons away. It looked pretty serious.” 
“They arrested the Gibsons in public?” Margaret leaned on her cane. “None of you received any news in advance?”
Wynter shook her head. “No.” 
She pondered. “I wonder who can destroy the Gibsons in one go.” 
Wolf grinned and pointed at himself seriously. 
Margaret was amused. “You? Stop joking. Hahaha, how could a child like you knock down the Gibsons? Don’t make me laugh.” 
He tilted his head and frowned while looking at Wynter, indicating that Margaret 
didn’t believe him. 
She didn’t say anything but flicked his forehead. “Sit back.” 
He pouted. 
Margaret was still laughing. “Are you angry? Okay, it was my fault. I’m sure you did that. You’re so amazing!” 
Wolf’s eyes widened. He made it clear that he didn’t believe her. 
She looked at the wooden box that Wynter had brought back. “The Gibsons have 
been acting far too recklessly in Southdale over the years, even taking human lives 
with no regard. God finally saw their crimes and punished them.” 
Wolf turned away and snorted. He thought, “It’s me who punished them!” 
Wynter straightened her face and warned him. Then, she replied to Margaret, “You’re,
right.” 
Margaret couldn’t figure out what sort of signals they were making behind her back. and only showed a helpless and doting smile. 
“Wynter, you can take note of the pros and cons in other industries. But you can’t do that in the medical field. We’re facing patients, and there are various different kinds. of patients. Our casual diagnosis may end up affecting a person’s life.”
###chapter81
Chapter 81 Will Return to Kingbourne 
Margaret stood up using her cane. “I’ll need time to carefully consider whether to reopen the Empathy Clinic.” 
Wynter chuckled. “Grandma, you don’t have to worry. I just think that with more good doctors, there will be fewer bad doctors. What do you think?” 
She paused. “You’re right. I’ve lived for so long, but I have never figured out as much 
as you did.” 
Wynter stopped persuading her and gave her time to think. She didn’t need Margeret. 
to make an immediate decision. 
After all, a patient had once died under her care. It was a difficult hurdle for doctors. to overcome, especially those who wanted to save lives and heal the wounded. 
Wolf also knew what Wynter was up to.. 
At midnight, when Margaret fell asleep, he assembled his pile of scrap metal into al 
mini laptop. 
A wolf–like dog barked outside, but after Wolf glared at it, it immediately became 
silent. 
The dog stretched its paws forward and shrank, shivering a little. 
Susan, who lived next door, had seen Wolf holding his laptop and thought that it was
a toy. 
In fact, after having received Wynter’s training, he could turn it into a laptop or a drone, but the assembly method and parts used differed. 
After Wolf found the location on his laptop, Wynter took a look and raised her eyebrows. “The person who framed Grandma back then wasn’t in Southdale but in Kingbourne?* 
Wolf nodded vigorously. 
Wynter stood under the tree and held onto the black locust while she pondered. 
“Kingbourne… I haven’t gone back for a long time now.” 
She threw the black locust into the teacup and said calmly, “Put it aside first. Let’s wait until Grandma opens the Empathy Clinic.” 
Wolf carried a rocking chair and a big stone to sit in the courtyard. Then, he gestured to ask her if she wanted Margaret to regain her confidence as a doctor. 
She sat in a rocking chair and held onto a hand fan. She looked beautiful in black clothing. “It’s not just 
for 
He was sitting on the big stone while holding onto the root herb and chewing on it. He raised his eyebrows, as if asking her if she had anything else to say. 
“It’s time for you to go to school,” Wynter said calmly, “Also, you need to dye your hair. Didn’t you notice that it’s already turning white?” 
Wolf was shocked when he heard that. He sat upright and even ignored the good root herb, gesturing anxiously.
She spoke slowly, “No, there aren’t any jobs that you can take on. If we reopen the Empathy Clinic with you there, it’ll be regarded as child labor. If the Industry and 
Commerce Bureau finds it, they’ll close down the clinic. If our home is gone, where 
do you th 
you’ll live? Moreover, it’s abnormal for an 11–year–old kid to not go to 
school.” 
He became despondent–he absolutely despised going to school. 
Wynter looked at him. “Your household registration problem also needs to be solved. 
If you go to school in Southdale, you may scare the teachers. I’ll send you to Kingbourne since you’re more suitable there.” 
Wolf’s eyes lit up. He could go to Kingbourne to make trouble! 
She didn’t correct his thoughts and averted her eyes. Then, she threw the black bag 
at him. “Let’s get started.” 
He nodded and grabbed a small shovel. 
Wynter’s slender figure was shrouded in a halo under the bright moon, with long 
black hair and a beautiful face. 
Chapter 81 Will Returns to King
Wolf was following her, carrying a big black bag with his eyes widened. 
For such a girl in ordinary clothes and an 11–year–old boy, no one could imagine that 
their identities were extraordinary. 
Taking advantage of the darkness, they went out and targeted the deep mountains 
of Southdale.
###chapter82
Chapter 82 Save a Life 
Since they planned to revitalize the Empathy Clinic, they couldn’t lack herbal 
medicine. 
Southdale was located at the border of two provinces with a humid climate and 
dense shrubs. They could dig out mushrooms and other things there, such as wild 
truffles and root herbs. 
Those two were Wolf’s favorites, so he went to dig them out as soon as he smelled 
them. 
Ordinary people generally made a living according to the environment. 
Usually, it was good enough to collect a few wild root herbs, but they successfully 
cleared half of the mountain. 
On the way down, they met Harry Lane, a mushroom collector who got up early to 
collect mushrooms. 
It was his first time seeing someone who had arrived earlier than him. He looked surprised. “It’s still dark. The two of you are way too bold!” 
Although it was a peaceful era and most animals were trapped, it was still a wild mountain. There were also prohibition signs at the bottom of the mountain.
Harry wondered why they were here, and even went as far as to guess if they were 
backpackers. 
Wolf was yawning. When he heard someone speaking, he became more energetic and gestured. 
“Are you mute?” 
Harry didn’t mean any harm. He approached with a flashlight and asked Wynter, “Did you come to the mountains to pick mushrooms because of a shortage of money?” 
She smiled lightly. “Yes” 
He let out a long sigh. “What nonsense! Come with me. I’ll take you both down. There 
are wolves on this mountain.” 
Chapter 82 Save a Life 
Wolves? 
Wolf straightened his body, and his eyes shone. 
But she frowned. “There are wolves?” 
“Yes.” Harry raised the flashlight. “I don’t know how they appeared, but if you want to pick mushrooms, you should go to the mountain near the city center. It’s much safer 
there.” 
“But there’s no root herb there,” Wolf thought. He had already visited that mountain. 
Wynter responded, “Okay, we understand. Thank you.”
“You’re welcome. Are you siblings?” Harry asked as he walked, “The both of you don’t look that old. Where are your parents?” 
How could parents let these two children go up the mountain at midnight? That was 
ruthless. 
She smiled lightly. ‘We don’t have parents. We only have Grandma.” 
“Then you have to head back early.” 
The more he listened, the more distressed he became. “If your grandma knew you 
were here, she would be worried to death!! 
Wynter motioned for Wolf to put his bag on his back and smiled. “You’re right.” 
“If your family conditions are bad, apply for a subsidy. Now that the policy is better, you won’t have to suffer. My daughter also went to school this way.” 
Harry sent them to the mountain entrance. “Okay, it’s safe here. Go down that path, and you’ll be able to reach the national highway. Don’t come back again next time.” 
Wynter observed Harry and did not leave immediately. Instead, she chuckled. “Sir, we actually have a clinic. I came here to help my grandma pick up some herbs since she 
has bad legs.” 
“Collecting herbs?” Harry was confused, “Uh, you just… 
Wynter lowered her eyes. “It’s midnight. I was worried that you were a bad person, so
I didn’t explain too much. I’m sorry for overthinking.” 
Chapter 82 Save a Life 
He smiled. “That’s alright. You should think more for the sake of your safety.” 
Seeing that he didn’t care, she stopped him again. “Sir, have you always felt chest tightness and shortness of breath recently? Do you often feel dizzy?” 
‘How do you know?” Harry turned around abruptly with a shocked expression. 
Wynter held Wolf’s hand. “I learned some medicine from my grandma. If you insist on going to collect mushrooms, make sure to stop in time. Don’t force yourself if you don’t feel good. You’d better do an electrocardiogram tomorrow to understand the specific situation.”
###chapter83
Chapter 83 Playing Tricks With Mr. Yarwood 
Harry hesitated. “Electrocardiogram? Is it severe? It only happens occasionally…” 
“You must go.” Wynter handed over a business card. “Or you can come to the Empathy Clinic at Waterview Alley.” 
He accepted the business card and continued to mutter under his breath. 
The two of them had already descended the mountain and walked quickly, as if they were more familiar with the mountain roads than the mushroom collector, who often 
went to the mountains. 
Wolf was unwilling to go home, especially when he heard that there were wolves on the mountain. He looked eagerly excited. 
Wynter picked him up and threw him onto the back seat of the scooter before 
putting the black–red helmet on his head. “Take the bag.” 
He sits upright. “Hmm!” 
“You can come over yourself another day.” 
She started the scooter, and her black hair flew. There was a trace of fatigue on her 
beautiful face. “It’s 4:30 am. Grandma will wake up at 6:00 am and call us for 
breakfast.” 
Wolf gestured happily and asked if she would sleep in the clinic.
Wynter leaned over and grasped the handlebar, saying lightly, “I’ll be there these few 
days. 
She drove her BMW Tomahawk handsomely while he held the big black bag. The bag seemed to be made of a special material and wouldn’t wear out. They soon 
drove off the highway. 
Meanwhile, Dalton was in the most luxurious Caesar Hotel in Southdale’s city center. 
The Special Operations Team was investigating seriously before they finally locked 
onto a location. 
Playing Tocks With 
Ethan was also among them. “Sir, we found it!” 
Dalton looked over indifferently. He was obviously not resting well. “Tell me, then.” 
“It’s not far from the city center, about 20 kilometers. After the highway, go north…” 
Ethan’s voice trailed off at the end. “A wild mountain?” 
Hearing that, Dalton looked away and stood up from the sofa. 
“Mr. Yarwood?” Although there was little hope, Keith still hoped that he could give some clues. 
He played with his beaded bracelet and said lightly, “Just back down for now.”
Keith was unwilling to give in and wanted to check out the other surveillance. 
But Dalton said coldly, ‘Don’t do useless work.” 
Keith then gave up. 
Fortunately, the Gibsons‘ evidence was solid, and their main task wasn’t to find the 
informer. 
In fact, they couldn’t find the informer at all. The other party was playing tricks on 
them. 
At the same time, Harry was staying on the mountain. He was using a flashlight to illuminate the mushrooms as usual when he felt dizzy all of a sudden, as if he 
couldn’t breathe. 
He patted his chest and sat down, finally remembering what the girl said just now. 
“If you insist on going to collect mushrooms, make sure to stop in time. Don’t force yourself if you don’t feel good.” 
If it were as usual, Harry would wait for the mushrooms to show up, regardless of whether he was dizzy or not. 
But he didn’t continue today. After drinking some water and stabilizing his breathing, he carefully went down the mountain. 
Once there was a signal on his phone, he checked his condition online. He found out
Chapter 83 Playing Tocks With Mr. Yarwood 
that if he had continued to collect mushrooms in his situation, he would have fainted on the mountain due to insufficient blood supply to the myocardium. It could risk 
him from ever waking up! 
Harry broke into a cold sweat and gradually became frightened. 
Fortunately, he met those two children. 
Thinking of that, he took out the business card from his pocket. 
What did that girl say? Oh, go to the Empathy Clinic at Waterview Alley!
###chapter84
Chapter 84 Last in Academic Performance 
The next day, the sun shone in nicely. Before Wynter got up, there was a lively 
atmosphere outside the clinic. 
Wolf came in twice and started gesturing next to her bed. 
She didn’t even bother opening her eyes until Margaret called her, “Wynter, It’s Thursday today. Why didn’t you go to school?” 
Wynter finally tidied herself up and walked out. Even without makeup, she was fair 
and beautiful. “There aren’t any classes in the morning.” 
Margaret seemed to have read through her thoughts and let out a long sigh. “If you’re struggling to learn, just tell me, alright? It doesn’t matter. I heard from Susan that there is extracurricular tutoring. How about you sign up for one as well?” 
Was she struggling? Wolf heard that and looked at her playfully. 
Wynter smiled and tied her hair into a ponytail. Her tear mole became much more obvious with her hair now out of the way. “There’s no need for it. I can learn.” 
Margaret was still a little worried. She lowered her head and looked for her outdated 
phone. “You got last place in the exam last semester. Your teacher said that she’ll 
meet up with me if your grades remain unchanged. I still have to find an 
extracurricular tutor for you. Victor’s grandson should be doing well in his studies, so
I’ll call him over.” 
She was already on the phone. 
The wind chime hanging on the door rang. A patient was coming in. 
Wynter looked over and found out that it was the handsome patient whom she 
hadn’t seen in three days. He had an elegant face and was tall, standing there in at 
tailored suit. 
He looked extremely dignified, but he seemed to have heard something interesting and raised his eyebrows. 
Then, he tilted his head and looked at her with a smile, seemingly to ask, “You’re in 
the last place?” 
Wynter was speechless. 
Naturally, Margaret wouldn’t embarrass her in front of others, especially her friends. 
“You guys chat here. I’ll go into the room to talk to Abel.” 
Margaret took her outdated phone and left. 
Wynter didn’t feel embarrassed at all. She raised her chin toward the man at the door 
and said, “Come in.” 
Ethan followed Dalton, still in shock. Was Dr. Genius‘ academic performance so poor?
Since she couldn’t explain it clearly, she decided not to explain anything. She asked 
Dalton, “Why haven’t you been here in the past two days?” 
He coughed slightly. There was a medicinal aroma surrounding him. “I was a bit busy. 
“You haven’t had a good rest,” Wynter said firmly after observing his face. 
Ethan immediately said, “He didn’t go to bed until 5:00 am last night! He’s not feeling well and has been coughing today!” 
Dalton glanced at him indifferently, and he instantly kept quiet. 
She yawned. “As a patient, you need to rest well so that your immune system can repair your body.” 
Dalton played with the beads on his bracelet and lifted his gaze slightly. “You seem 
to need more rest than me.” 
Wynter sat on the recliner and said lazily, “Yes, I’m very sleepy. Someone has been chasing me in my dream. I don’t know why he has so much energy.” 
Mr. Yarwood stayed with the Special Operations Team late at night, so she wondered why he wasn’t tired. 
Hearing that, Ethan scratched his head. Dalton was chasing someone in reality, and someone was chasing her in her dream. What a coincidence. 
She didn’t think much. After listening to his breathing, she reached out to feel his 
Chapter 84 Last in Academic Performance
pulse and frowned a little. 
Her move was sudden, but he didn’t avoid it. They were so close that he could see 
her tear mole and the slight movement of her eyelashes. 
Dalton had never been this close to anyone before. He seemed to have changed ever 
since he met her. 
Chapter 85 They Are
###chapter85
Chapter 85 They Are Close to Each Other 
Wynter needed a quiet surrounding during pulse diagnosis. 
Even though Ethan saw that she was close to Dalton, he didn’t dare to say anything as Dalton acquiesced. 
She soon let go of his hand and murmured, “Why did the pulse change back after only three days?” 
Dalton coughed again, saying hoarsely, “My condition is special. You don’t have to 
blame yourself.” 
“Blaming myself?” Wynter smiled and said casually, “I’m not as kind as you think. I just want to know the reason. Logically speaking, your pulse shouldn’t change back 
so soon. 
He instantly thought of the discarded medical incense, and his eyes deepened. 
She looked at Ethan. “Report to me what he has eaten in the past two days. The more detailed the report, the better. It’s best to include the schedule.” 
He immediately told her. 
After hearing that, she pondered. ‘It’s no problem from a dietary perspective.” 
Dalton clenched his hands, responding hoarsely, “Yes.” 
Wynter looked at him. “When are you free? I’ll go take a look at your residence and 
workplace.”
He raised his eyebrows when he heard that, but he remained calm. 
Ethan’s eyes widened. Dalton wouldn’t be able to hide his identity if she went to his 
residence! 
Seeing their reactions, she raised her eyebrows. “Is it inconvenient for you?” 
Just as Ethan agreed in his heart, Dalton said, “It’s convenient. 
Ethan surprisingly looked over at him. 
Chimes they seach 
Dalton lowered his eyes and thought for a moment. Then, he added, “Wait until I 
finish my work 
Wynter also knew that workers were busy at the end of the month, and so were 
bosses. “Okay.” 
Ethan didn’t understand, so he asked, “Dr. Genius, does the pulse have something to 
do with the residence?” 
“Yes.” 
She explained unhurriedly, ‘Some places aren’t suitable for people to live in. People. always believe in fortune telling, so they’re careful when choosing their ancestral 
homes.
She pointed to the house in Waterview Alley. “The most common is choosing north. 
and south houses. It means better ventilation. If a house doesn’t have good air 
circulation, it’ll lead to the reproduction of germs, thereby increasing the chance being infected with pathogens.” 
Wynter looked at Dalton. “Your condition is special, so you have to be selective in 
housing.” 
Ethan was shocked. 
Dalton smiled slightly. “You seem to say that fortune telling also has a scientific 
basis.” 
“You can understand it that way.” 
She seemed to have thought of something and grabbed a handful of lozenges 
before giving them to him. 
“There are only a few lozenges left here. I’ll make some more tonight, so you can 
come to get them tomorrow.” 
Dalton looked at the lozenges she placed in his palm and smiled. “No wonder I can’t buy them outside. It turns out that you made them yourself.” 
“Wolf loves to eat lozenges.”
Wynter started making the lozenges because she didn’t want to see Wolf chewing 
Chapter 85 They Are Close to Each Other 
on herbal medicine. Making it into lozenges wouldn’t look as weird. She didn’t think about giving them to anyone else for long–term medicinal use. 
Everything was a coincidence. The lozenges were suitable for Dalton’s symptoms, clearing and removing his internal heat. 
When Wolf heard his name, he immediately took the QR code sign over and 
motioned for Ethan to scan it. 
Ethan paid for it. Although it wasn’t expensive, he had never seen a kid who loved money so much, except for Dr. Genius‘ younger brother! 
Just as he was thinking, a voice sounded. 
“Is there anyone here?”
###chapter86
Chapter 86 Does Mr. Yarwood Admit His Identity 
It was Dom from Harmony Community. As soon as he saw Wynter, his eyes lit up. 
“Dr. Genius, I’ve finally found you!” Dom said while sweating, “Mr. Munn Senior and the others have been asking me where you have been. Why didn’t you go to the community square yesterday?” 
Those were all retired cadres. He couldn’t afford to offend anyone, not to mention 
their meritorious deeds. 
Since they asked her whereabouts, he had to find her. 
Wynter handed him a piece of paper. “I’ll stay at my grandma’s place during this period. I want to help her open the clinic, so I won’t go to the community square.” 
even 
Dom sweated more. “But you know Mr. Munn Senior’s body and Mrs. Wheatly 
Senior’s heart…” 
Since there were outsiders around, he was embarrassed to say that he needed her help to stabilize the community. 
His expression was a little stiff. 
Wynter smiled and said calmly, “Originally, I wanted to return and inform them. Now that you happened to be here, please pass on my word to them. Whoever feels uncomfortable can come over for a treatment.”
Dom wouldn’t know how to handle his cadres if she didn’t add the last sentence. 
Now that he heard her words, he instantly felt relieved as those cadres had long wanted to give Dr. Genius money! 
She used to live in a community and never charged them for medical treatment. 
The cadres had always wanted to help Dr. Genius, but they couldn’t. 
They had wanted to help her transfer to another school, but she disliked going to 
school. 
They said that they would help her find a job in the hospital, but she said she was too 
Chapters Does Mr. Yarwood Admit His identity 
lazy to get up early. 
Now they finally had a chance to repay her! 
Dom knew that Dr. Genius had said that to ease his worries, so he couldn’t help but feel even more grateful. “Dr. Genius, can you lend me a moment?” 
Wynter raised her eyebrows and followed him aside. 
He whispered, “You said that if someone from Havenlight County comes looking for you again, it might be your parents. Someone recently called our community and said that they would come to see you next month.” 
She chuckled. “Thank you. If they come, please contact me.”
“Okay!” Dom drove on his scooter. “Then I’ll go back and give them a reply!” 
Wynter said politely, “Be careful on the road.” 
He nodded but didn’t slow down his scooter. 
Dalton stood in the courtyard. With his previous habits, he wouldn’t care about such trivial matters. But when it happened to her, he asked, “Are you short of business?” 
“Nope. But opening a clinic requires a reputation.” 
Wynter looked toward the back room. “The medical skills left by seniors shouldn’t be 
buried.” 
Ethan thought she was talking about herself, echoing, “Dr. Genius, I support you!” 
Dalton glanced at him somewhat impatiently. 
Facing Dalton’s wrath, Ethan no longer dared to talk nonsense and immediately found something to do, such as helping Wolf carry a barrel. 
Wolf gestured, “I don’t need you. I’m practicing. 
Ethan couldn’t understand sign language, so he naturally misunderstood and responded with a naive smile, “You’re welcome.” 
When did he say thank you? Wolf tilted his head and advised himself to hold back. 
Ethan was the person who gave him money, so he couldn’t hit this guy! 
Dalton looked at the movements there faintly, but his tone remained unchanged.
“Wasn’t yesterday the best opportunity to gain popularity?” 
*Speaking of yesterday, I almost forgot to thank you.” Wynter smiled. “It was you who gave me the real invitation card, right? Did the Yarwoods give that to you?”
###chapter87
Chapter 87 The Affection Between Them 
When Ethan heard about the invitation card, he glanced over. 
Dalton replied calmly, “Yes.” 
Wynter smiled. “Did you plan to do good deeds without telling me?” 
He coughed lightly. His voice still sounded a little hoarse. “I’m not in good health, so it would be a waste for me to have the invitation card. Since I can’t attend, it’d be 
better for me to give it to you.” 
She raised her eyebrows. “Don’t you ever want to try your luck? The Yarwoods have hired so many renowned doctors. There will always be someone who can cure you.” 
Dalton lowered his eyes. His eyelashes were so long that they cast a shadow. “I thought about it before. But after meeting you, I feel that no one is better than you.” 
As soon as he said that, everyone was stunned. 
The barrel fell from Ethan’s hand, and even Wynter, who was holding the tea, went 
slightly stagnant. 
Wolf, who was practicing, abruptly stood up straight and stared at that handsome 
patient. 
Dalton also realized that his sentence was too ambiguous. He explained with a slight frown, “I meant your medical skills.”
“I know.” 
She smiled leisurely. “Sit down first. I’ll go in to get something.” 
He did as she said and picked up the tea on the stone table. 
Ethan found this clinic to be magical. As soon as Dalton entered this courtyard, he didn’t care about anything he should be particular about. He didn’t even care whether the tea was good and seemed to have cured his clean freak attitude! 
When Wynter entered the room, Margaret was still talking on the phone. She 
wondered how many times Margaret emphasized the good points about her. 
07 The Affection Between Th 
“Don’t worry, Wynter has a good temper, so she’ll listen to you. She won’t take up too much of your time. What did you say? You’re afraid of her? Abel, you can’t lie to me. Just tell me the truth. You don’t want to teach her, right?” 
On the other end of the phone, Abel was about to say, “I didn’t lie. Your granddaughter is…” 
Before he could speak, he heard a cold voice from the other end of the phone. 
“Grandma, if Abel doesn’t want to, just forget it. We can’t force him.” 
He immediately said, “Mrs. Yates Senior, don’t worry. It’s not that difficult to tutor her. 
I’ll do it!” 
Margaret finally hung up the phone with satisfaction, then she lifted her gaze toward Wynter. “How many times have I told you? You have to call him Mr. Abel.”
“Oh?” Wynter smiled lightly. “If I call him that, he might kneel in a fright.” 
Margaret was old and didn’t hear clearly. “What did you say?” 
“It’s nothing. I’m taking something to my friend, who is in poor health.” 
As she spoke, she put the wild root herb and truffle that she had picked in the mountains yesterday into the box, along with a medicine sachet. 
She moved very quickly, and Dalton had yet to finish his tea when she came out. 
“Here you go.” Wynter put the box on his lap. “Use the medicine according to the proportions inside and add it into your soup every day. I also wrote down the other taboos on the paper.” 
He looked at her. 
They both had outstanding looks and an indescribable sense of beauty. 
Wynter pressed on the medicine sachet. “When you get home, put it next to your bed. It’ll calm your mind and help you sleep.” 
It had a very light herbal smell, wasn’t pungent, and made him feel comfortable smelling it. 
Dalton’s fingertips slid over. “Did you make this yourself?” 
Chapter #7 The Affection between Them 
“Yes, this is a thank–you gift.” Wynter grinned, revealing her collarbone when her 
white T–shirt was tilted forward. Her face was so beautiful that it made his heart beat 
faster.
He rotated the teacup unconsciously and suppressed this inexplicable feeling.
###chapter88
Chapter 88 Why Do You Refuse to Heal Mr. Yarwood 
Wynter didn’t notice his reaction as her long eyelashes disrupted her sight. 
But Dalton looked away, and his voice became hoarse. “How do you plan to open the 
clinic?” 
“I’m still planning.” 
She chuckled and raised her head, making her tear–shaped mole even more 
conspicuous. “Grandma hopes that everyone can see a doctor and heal, so it wasn’t a good time yesterday.” 
He nodded. He had originally wanted to instruct Ethan to give her some medical resources, but she seemed to have her own ideas. If he interfered too much, she might not willingly accept it. 
Wynter admired his style of not asking much. She raised her teacup and clinked it against his. “Then, you can take note of it when the time comes.” 
Ethan thought, “Does Mr. Yarwood not take enough notice of you? The only thing he’s a step away from you is sleeping in your clinic!” 
But he couldn’t say this. 
Dalton even let them park the Maybeck outside the alley. They could imagine how 
much he cherished Dr. Genius.
He put down the teacup and slowly stated his purpose in coming here, “I heard that you don’t intend to treat Mr. Yarwood’s illness.” 
“Him?” Wynter raised her eyebrows and leaned in closer to him. “Where did you hear about it? I thought I was the only one who knew about this.” 
She had turned down the Yarwoods on the phone while she was half asleep this morning. How did he know about it? 
Dalton coughed lightly and said, “I can always find out.” 
Wynter thought about it and said, “That makes sense. You’re from the Quinnells in. 
Kingbourne.” 
He didn’t answer but asked again, “Why did you refuse to treat him?” 
Ethan also wanted to know her reason. 
Originally, Theo had chosen Dr. Genius to go back to Kingbourne with them for 
treatment. Dalton was in a good mood, which was rare. Even after not sleeping all 
night, he finished all his work in advance to spare time to fetch her in person. He had 
even ordered the kitchen to make Cascadia cuisine. 
But by noon, news came from the manor that Empathy Clinic had rejected the Yarwoods‘ offer! 
At that time, Dalton’s expression darkened, and his cough also changed for the
worse. But he didn’t show any signs of it. He was still attending an international conference and finalizing his trip to Emstia. 
After the conference ended, Ethan couldn’t help but suggest, “How about we go to 
Dr. Genius‘ place? You haven’t been there for so long. Maybe she’s missing you.” 
So, t 
they came to Waterview Alley. 
Ethan originally wanted to ask her as soon as he arrived, but Dalton was way too 
calm about it, as if whether Dr. Genius was treating him or not had nothing to do with 
him. 
Wynter looked at the handsome face in close proximity. “Do you have a good relationship with Mr. Yarwood?” 
Dalton’s fingertips froze. “So so.” 
She rested her chin lazily. “Then I’ll tell you my real thoughts. I’m not the only one 
who can treat Mr. Yarwood. The Lopezes are also great. 
His gaze fell on the black locust on the table. He didn’t look good, and his face was slightly pale, but it didn’t affect his temperament. “But I heard that the Lopezes have diagnosed his disease. They can’t cure him.”
Wynter smiled lightly. “He can go overseas. With the financial resources of the Yarwoods, there should be many renowned doctors overseas lining up to treat him. 
Ethan was almost pissed off when he heard that. 
Chap 
What was going on with Dr. Genius? Shouldn’t it be a doctor’s responsibility to save lives and heal the wounded? 
Dalton looked into her eyes and smiled. “Do you have a grudge against the 
Yarwoods?”
###chapter89
Chapter 89 Is He Angry 
“Yes. I went to treat him before, but their security blocked me. Their special assistant even looked down on me.” 
Wynter only mentioned those two guys. “They said I was a poor student and warned me not to overestimate myself. I bear quite a deep grudge.” 
It turned out that she had already guessed who Vincent was, but she never disclosed 
1. it. 
The Jenkins had a close connection with the Scotts, so Vincent must have met her at a cocktail party. It must be then when he looked down on her as she was rescuing people. As for the person who was sitting in the limited edition Maybeck at that time, she could already guess it. 
The person who could make the arrogant Vincent so respectful must be the rumored tycoon who dominated the business world, Mr. Yarwood. 
Wynter didn’t mention Mr. Yarwood helping the Special Operations Team to investigate her in the past two days. 
After all, her current identity as a ‘fake daughter” was her best cover–up. 
After hearing her words, Ethan’s expression changed, and he looked at Dalton 
hesitantly. 
They never knew such a matter. Which special assistant dared to look down on Dr. Genius? Wouldn’t he be afraid of being sent to Astana?
Dalton flicked the red beaded bracelet on his wrist with faint effort. There was a hint 
of chilliness in his eyes. 
It made Ethan, who was familiar with him, slightly stiff. He seemed angry. 
But that wasn’t the case. Dalton just didn’t expect her to encounter such a matter. 
Even the security blocked you?” 
“More than that. He even drove me away,” Wynter said casually. But these were just her excuses. The real reason to why she had declined in treating Mr. Yarwood was 
Chapter 1 He Angry 
because she thought that he was too dangerous.. 
She was always aware of the potential dangers in advance and took precautions. 
Wolf was much too special as well, so it wouldn’t be good if the Special Operations Team targeted him. 
Mr. Yarwood was good at finding clues, even making her waste a set of equipment in the mountain to escape tracking. 
So, she naturally wouldn’t take the Yarwoods‘ order casually. 
“It seems that the Yarwoods need to be reorganized internally.” Dalton straightened his beads and glanced at Ethan with gloomy eyes. 
Sweat broke out on Ethan’s back, and he didn’t dare to speak at all.
Wynter chuckled and rested her chin playfully. “Actually, it doesn’t have much to do with the Yarwoods‘ internal organization. The main thing is that I don’t like Mr. Yarwood. I heard that many women want to marry him. If I go to treat him, what should I do if he suspects that I’m interested in him?” 
She said that to dispel Dalton’s idea of interceding for the Yarwoods. 
Unexpectedly, he raised his eyebrows with a slight smile. “Have you seen Mr. Yarwood? Why do you say that?” 
“I have never met him, but I have heard many rumors about him.” 
Wynter thought that he wanted to gossip and said lazily, “Everyone in your circle should know it. Doesn’t he not allow others to get close to him? Just like the plots in 
the novel, he’s not interested in women.” 
He took a sip of his tea and smiled lightly. “I think not being close to women is an 
advantage.” 
“Originally, I thought so.” Wynter came closer to him and spoke in a gossip–specific voice, “Until I heard of the rumors involving him and an actor. He even set up an entertainment company to help that actor. It must be true love!” 
Ethan’s jaws dropped to the ground. “You think that Mr. Yarwood likes men?” 
He thought, “Dr. Genius, please shut up! Do you not see the person drinking tea
###chapter90
Chapter 90 You’ll Find Out What He Likes 
Wynter didn’t receive Ethan’s hint and smiled slightly. “It’s just a rumor.” 
Fortunately, she added this sentence. Ethan breathed a sigh of relief. 
However, she continued, “But rich people always spend money on fun. Maybe the 
rumors are real.” 
She didn’t need to speak of this sentence at all! Ethan didn’t dare to look at Dalton 
anymore. 
Dalton was sitting there with slightly lifted eyes that looked cold and dangerous. 
Wynter finally sat up straight and poured him another cup of tea. “What I just said was all a joke. But I can explain one thing through medicinal views. Since he doesn’t allow people to approach him, maybe he has some allergies.” 
Ethan was surprised again. She had “never met” Dalton and could guess his condition based on rumors. Although she acted lazily, her medical skills were reliable! 
Hearing that, he looked at her and smiled. “Mr. Yarwood does experience slight discomfort when touched by outsiders. In severe cases, he may develop rashes all 
over his body.” 
“You even know that?” Wynter raised her eyebrows. “It seems that your relationship
with Mr. Yarwood isn’t ordinary.” 
Dalton put a lozenge into his m*uth elegantly. “You just said that we’re in the same. 
circle. This matter isn’t a secret.” 
“Hmm, that’s right.” 
She smiled as if she didn’t want to talk about the Yarwoods anymore. 
He lowered his eyes. Dalton’s handsome face loomed under the shadow of the trees. 
“Does he not have another chance?” 
She thought she heard it wrong. “What?” 
His voice was calm. “Treat Mr. Yarwood.” 
Chapter 90 st 
Wynter thought for a while and said, “It was impossible before. But after getting in touch with the Yarwoods, I find them to be quite good. Their family tradition is very upright. They don’t bully the weak, don’t plunder, and they even returned the Zenith 
herb to me. They’re pretty nice.” 
Ethan breathed a sigh of relief. After listening for so long, he finally came to his 
senses. 
Dalton took a sip of his tea. “I thought you would stick to your principle of holding grudges.” 
She smiled. “The Yarwoods have given me a lot. Wolf likes it.”
Ethan was speechless. 
Dalton smiled slightly. If she were really after money, she wouldn’t have given all the credit to the Lopezes during the medical consultation in the manor. 
Wynter took the snack and gave it to him. “The Yarwoods’ matter depends on fate. Stop speaking for them and take care of your body first, sir.” 
She had a nice tone when she called him “Sir”. 
He looked at her beautiful face and bit down on the lozenges lightly. He muttered, 
You’ll know later.” 
“What?” Wynter stood in front of him with her head lowered. 
Dalton pressed his fingertips against the beads on his bracelet. His skin was thinner 
than that of ordinary people, and his slender wrists were lined with red beads. For no 
reason at all, it emitted an attractive demeanor. 
Suddenly, he approached her. 
She was unguarded and smelled a faint scent of tobacco along with the man’s scent. 
It smelled good and had a sense of presence. It was completely different from the surrounding fragrance. 
“You’ll know whether or not Mr. Yarwood likes men.” 
Dalton’s slightly deep voice seemed to bring some heat when it passed by Wynter’s
ear. 
She was usually close to her patients, but this was the first time she had come to 
such close proximity with a patient that she could feel his breath on her skin. 
She glanced sideways and looked at his nose. Her dimples appeared when she smiled-pure and beautiful. “Let’s not talk about him anymore. Do you want to stay for a meal?”
###chapter91
Chapter 91 Does Mr. Yarwood Like Wynter 
Dalton stepped back with a smile. “Okay.” 
They got along so naturally, like familiar friends. 
But Ethan always felt that the atmosphere was weird and hard to describe. 
Moreover, he had never seen Dalton do this to anyone, as if he was actively 
attracting Wynter. 
It was rare to see Mr. Yarwood like this. 
Sitting under the Black Locust tree, he chuckled and pulled his collar attractively. 
Ethan made a bold guess. Could it be that Dalton had a crush on Dr. Genius? 
He didn’t dare to dwell too much on his wild guess and kept his head down. 
Meanwhile, Margaret had already boiled some water and asked them to cook herbal 
medicine. 
She was glad that Wynter’s friends were staying for a meal. She counted what she 
would buy and happily went out with Susan, taking Wolf along with them. 
Wynter turned up the temperature of the mugwort room and let Dalton lie down 
while she checked on some things on the internet.
After a while, Margaret and Susan came back from grocery shopping. 
As soon as Susan entered the yard, she said mysteriously, “Wynter, I think our place is going to be demolished!” 
“Where did you get this news?” Wynter chuckled. 
She whispered, “I saw a luxury car parked next to the market outside our alley! I 
asked Wolf, and he said that it was worth more than six million.” 
Wynter glanced at Wolf, who was carrying a vegetable basket. 
He gestured. 
Chapter 91 Does Mc Yarwood Lar Wynter 
She frowned. “Maybeck?” 
Wolf nodded. 
She thought the Yarwoods would come, but she didn’t expect it to be so soon. 
But it didn’t matter. She was a doctor anyway, so she couldn’t refuse a patient if they 
had found her. 
Susan was suspicious. “Wynter, do you know him?” 
She answered casually, “I know the car’s brand.” 
Susan laughed. “I thought that it was your grandma’s patient. If she could treat a
patient like that, her life would be much easier.” 
“Yes.” Wynter didn’t explain it. 
As soon as they finished speaking, there was a noise outside. 
“Wow, whose car is this?” 
“Rolls Royce?” 
“Is he here to find the Yates?” 
Hearing that, Susan turned back and looked outside. 
There was indeed a car that had just parked. The car was black, luxurious, and 
grand. It looked expensive at first glance. 
“Wynter, this…” Susan felt a little confused. 
There had never been such a good car in their alley. 
She still had lingering fears about the previous incident. “Is he here to cause trouble for your grandma? I can help you block him.” 
Wynter reassured her calmly, “No, Aunt Susan. He should be the patient who came 
to me.” 
“Patient?” Susan looked confused. “Coming to you?” 
Didn’t Margaret say that Wynter knew nothing about medicine?
Chapter 91 Does Mr. Varwood Like Wynter 
Moreover, she had massaged their necks before, but she couldn’t do it at all. 
Wynter guessed correctly. There was a patient. 
But Ryan showed up instead. He found her for that special patient. When he looked at her, his voice was trembling urgently. 
“Wynter, are you free now?” 
She pondered and said, “Yes, but you have to wait.” 
Ryan nodded immediately. “Okay!” 
Wynter entered the room and picked up the black bag. Then, she looked at Wolf.” Don’t charge the patient in the mugwort room. Don’t let him scan the code and go make tonight’s dinner.” 
When he heard that, he was a little reluctant but still obeyed. 
She stroked his head. “Remember to keep him here. He is in a special situation.” 
Wolf nodded his head. 
Wynter was still worried and left a note for Dalton before leaving. 
She wondered what it was that had happened to that special patient to make Ryan 
so anxious.
###chapter92
Chapter 92 Treat a Special Patient 
Ryan didn’t take Wynter to the nearest hospital but to the Caesar Hotel in the city 
center. 
There were a lot of cars along the way, and there were traffic jams everywhere. 
Ryan craned his neck to look around, afraid of wasting time. 
Wynter sat in the back seat, saying calmly, “Ryan, calm down first. Tell me the 
patient’s symptoms.” 
“I can’t tell what the illness was. She suddenly fainted. I didn’t see her.” 
Ryan glanced at the driver, whispering, “The sick one has been weak and has a 
history of anemia. Although she is the Quinnell family’s adopted daughter, Mr. 
Quinnell Senior treats her like his granddaughter as she looks similar to the real Ms. 
Quinnell. When you go in later, please pay attention to that.” 
Wynter said casually, “Ms. Quinnell has been lost since she was a child. How can the 
Quinnells see the similarity?” 
Ryan sighed. “She has photos of her childhood. This adopted daughter was also in 
human trafficking before. I followed others to find her. As soon as Mr. Quinnell
Senior saw her, he matched up with Ms. Quinnell’s photo. He was sad for a long time 
when he found their DNA unmatched.” 
After hearing that, she said lightly, “I got it.” 
She didn’t care much about the Quinnells‘ family affairs. What she cared about was 
the sudden fainting. 
There were precursors to any disease, and this sudden fainting was a bit strange. 
Well, forget it. She would check it anyway when she got there. 
She must help Ryan. 
Meanwhile, a well–dressed woman entered the hotel’s Frenda restaurant, carrying a 
Chanel bag. 
She didn’t sit down but leaned against the door, turning sideways to let a girl behind 
her enter. 
The girl wore a hand–customized white dress, and her face looked particularly 
delicate because it hadn’t been exposed to sunlight all year round. What she wore around her neck was Dior limited edition rhinestones. Under the light, she looked like 
a princess. 
She looked slender and delicate. Everyone could tell that she was the daughter of a wealthy family.
The moment she came in, everyone around her was looking at her. 
Although they were all big shots in Southdale, there had never been such a stylish and luxurious girl in Southdale. 
She even used pure Frendese with the chef. 
The chef, Pierre, made a gesture of k*ssing her hand without actually touching her hand. He was gentle and humble. “Ms. Quinnell, it’s my honor to serve you.” 
Ms. Quinnell? 
“Is she that Ms. Quinnell?” 
“Which one?” 
“The one from Kingbourne, the richest family in the city. The chef of Caesar Hotel 
wouldn’t personally greet other Quinnells. Do you remember? The Caesar Hotel is the 
Yarwoods‘ assets.” 
“Oh my God!” 
The ladies, who were having afternoon tea, took a breath and lowered their voices. 
That girl seemed to have everything they envied, including diamonds and luxury bags. Most importantly, the atmosphere of being cherished by others. 
Wanda was also among the ladies. Seeing everyone’s discussion, she asked, “Didn’t 
the Quinnells have been men for generations?”
After what happened at the Gibsons, fewer people asked Wanda out to drink tea in the past two days. Everyone avoided her, and their neglect was obvious. 
Chapter 92 Treat a Special Patient 
They came out with her today as she offered a meal. 
Ms. Snyder, who was in the jewelry business, ignored Wanda’s question. 
However, considering that the Scotts were in Kingbourne, she answered lazily, “The Quinnells had a granddaughter, but they lost her when she was a child. That girl is an adopted granddaughter. The Quinnells pamper her very much. Don’t ask casually in the future, or you’ll offend them.”
###chapter93
Chapter 93 Who Is the Special Patient 
Wanda immediately expressed her understanding, inviting everyone to try the dessert, but her gaze still fell on that girl. 
That girl must be very wealthy to be so luxurious. 
People in their circle were also wealthy, but there were levels of wealth. 
For example, they could buy three Hermès bags at most. If it were that girl, she wouldn’t care how much she spent. 
The girl had already sat down. The woman who opened the door first was just her housekeeper. 
“Ms. Naomi, I’ll ask them to prepare whatever you want.” 
Naomi Quinnell’s voice was gentle. “Aunt Fiona, please sit down. You don’t have to take care of me all the time.” 
“How can I? I must take care of you.” 
The middle-aged housekeeper, Fiona Young, was very responsible. 
Naomi seemed helpless, chuckled, and was about to order food. 
But a bodyguard came, frowning slightly. “Ms. Naomi, why are you here? Didn’t you ask Mr. Lloyd to call a doctor for you?” 
“Call the doctor?” 
She was confused, then seemed to guess something, looking at her housekeeper.”
Aunt Fiona?” 
Fiona smiled calmly. “Ms. Naomi, this isn’t a big deal. Your appetite has been bad recently. I heard that there are many renowned doctors in Southdale, so I called one 
over to treat you.” 
Naomi sighed. “Okay.” 
She knew Fiona had other plans to bring someone here without her permission. But Fiona had been by her side since she was a child. 
Chapter 93 Who is the Special Patient 
Even if Fiona did something outrageous, there was nothing wrong. 
The bodyguard said responsibly, “Mr. Lloyd and the doctor have arrived.” 
Fiona laid out the tableware for Naomi. “Just let them wait in the lobby lounge. Ms. Naomi will come over after finishing her meal.” 
The bodyguard was in a dilemma. “But…” 
Naomi smiled softly and spoke, with a slight blush and a soft voice, “Please tell them to wait a moment. Thank you. I’m too hungry.” 
Hearing that, people present couldn’t help but appreciate her. 
Ms. Quinnell was kind-hearted. Not only was she rich but also polite! 
They wondered which doctor had such a blessing to treat the Quinnells. That was
incredible wealth! 
Wanda, who was sitting at the next table, was envious. 
However, the bodyguard didn’t want to convey such a message. “They’re in a hurry. 
How about Ms. Young coming with me to explain to them?” 
Fiona’s smile faded. “Why bother me? It’s just a doctor in a small town! She’ll meet 
with Ms. Naomi soon. What’s wrong for her to wait for a while?” 
The bodyguard thought, “But that’s Dr. Genius! Mr. Quinnell Senior treats her with 
courtesy!” 
“Ms. Naomi…’ 
The bodyguard didn’t want to take the blame and get fired. 
Naomi seemed to have no choice but to look at Fiona. “Go to explain to them.” 
Fiona nodded on the surface but felt angry in her heart. She thought the other party was so arrogant that she couldn’t even have a meal. 
Wynter and Ryan had been in the hotel lobby for 20 minutes. 
He walked back and forth anxiously 
Although the weather wasn’t that hot, he had been running since just now. He had a big belly and was short and fat, sweating all the time.
She glanced at him, saying lightly, “Ryan, have you been like this lately?” 
“What?” 
He wiped his sweat, not realizing his condition. 
She suddenly reached out, feeling his pulse. “Excessive sweating, overeating, palpitation, and hyperthyroidism.”
###chapter94
Chapter 94 No More Treating the Quinnells 
Ryan froze. “Wynter, am… am I alright?” 
Wynter withdrew her hand. “You should relax. Pay attention to your sleep and diet. Go to the hospital for a check-up. You should cure it.” 
He had originally asked Wynter to help Naomi. No one would have expected that he was the one who needed medical treatment. 
Wynter stood there, sassy and beautiful. Before going out, she changed into a black shirt. She looked tall and slender. Her face was even more dangerously cold. 
When Fiona first saw her, she instinctively didn’t like Wynter’s appearance as it was 
too beautiful and aggressive. 
Getting closer to them, the bodyguard said, “She’s Dr. Genius. Ms. Young, please explain Ms. Naomi’s illness to Dr. Genius.” 
“Explain?” Fiona smiled sarcastically. “Who are you?” 
She observed Wynter. Although she tried her best to control her expression, she 
couldn’t hide her disdain. 
She had long heard that something there had delayed Fabian, who said he had met a traditional medicine doctor with superb medical skills. 
Who was this traditional medicine doctor? How old was this girl? Had she graduated?
The girl wore the most ordinary T-shirt she had probably bought from a street stall. It looked cheap. Fiona thought she was a liar. 
Wynter saw through her thoughts. She grew cold and didn’t speak. 
Fiona was annoyed when she noticed her expression. 
She had been at the Quinnells for many years, and everyone was respectful to her. But this girl was so ignorant! 
“You-” 
Before Fiona could get angry, Ryan stepped before Wynter and stopped her. “Ms. 
Chapter 94 No More Treating the Dulanella 
Young, where is Ms. Naomi? Let Dr. Genius treat her first.” 
“Mr. Lloyd, who do you think Ms. Naomi is? Can any random girl treat her?” Fiona finally voiced her thoughts. 
Ryan, who usually greeted everyone with a smile, frowned. “Ms. Young, please mind your words. I invited Dr. Genius here especially.” 
“I just heard you call her Wynter.” 
Fiona seemed to have picked up on a clue. “Mr. Lloyd, are you using your friend to fool Mr. Quinnell Senior? I’m the senior housekeeper of the Quinnells, and they’ve done me a favor. I won’t allow you to do anything bad!”
He was so angry that he sweated even more profusely. “You-” 
“What?” 
Fiona looked sharp as she snapped, “You talk the most nonsense when you’re with Mr. Quinnell Senior! Ms. Quinnell has been missing for many years, but you keep saying you have news about her! Where is she? You haven’t found her, haven’t you? 
“You even caused Mr. Quinnell Senior to get sick. And now, you bring your friend 
here! What are you trying to do?” 
Ryan’s head buzzed with anger as he listened to her spew more nonsense. However, she was the senior housekeeper and had served the Quinnells for most of her life. There was nothing he could do. 
Fiona looked proud, glancing at Wynter. “Just wait! Ms. Naomi will see you after her 
meal.” 
Wynter suddenly sneered. She chewed her gum and quipped playfully, “No need. I’ll never treat the Quinnells again in the future.” 
Upon hearing that, Ryan and the bodyguard grew anxious. 
Fiona sneered, “Little girl, who do you think you are? People are lining up to treat the Quinnells. How could you, a doctor from a small town, dare to threaten the Quinnells?
###chapter95
Chapter 95 Ms. Quinnell’s Weirdness 
Wynter stood up immediately and didn’t say another word. Instead, she picked up the black bag, looking sassy and indifferent. 
“Ryan, let’s go. The Quinnells don’t need treatment.‘ 
П 
Furious with Fiona, Ryan explained anxiously, “Wynter, Ms. Naomi is different from the Quinnells. You…” 
“Mr. Lloyd.” They were interrupted by a soft and gentle voice. 
Fiona immediately changed her attitude, greeting respectfully, “Ms. Naomi, why are you here?” 
Naomi held up the hem of her dress like a fairy. Her long hair was pinned up with a diamond cl*p, and her face was pale. “What do you mean I’m different from the Quinnells? The Quinnells raised me. I’ll repay it when I can in the future.” 
Fiona glared at Ryan, thinking that he had said something wrong. 
Ryan ignored her shooting glares and kept things business–like. “Ms. Naomi, I was telling Dr. Genius that although the Quinnells are always humble, Dr. Genius is Mr. Quinnell Senior’s guest, and Ms. Young offended her as soon as she arrived. Who will treat Mr. Quinnell Senior in the future if she refuses to treat him?” 
He had searched all over Southdale to find a treasure like Wynter. He wouldn’t know 
what to do if arrogant Fiona angered her.
Fiona opened her m*uth to speak, but Naomi shouted, “Aunt Fiona!” 
Fiona could tell it was a warning, so she swallowed her words. 
Naomi approached Wynter and spoke innocently, “Miss, I don’t know what Aunt Fiona said to make you unhappy. I apologize on her behalf.” 
Wynter replied, “Okay.” 
“Okay? That’s all you have to say?” Fiona couldn’t suppress the anger rising up in her. She seethed, “Mr. Lloyd, does she know the rules?” 
Naomi tugged on her sleeve. “Aunt Fiona, don’t yell. We’re in public.” 
She glanced at Wynter as she pulled out a stack of money from a Chanel bag. “Aunt Flona has been at the Quinnells for many years and values etiquette, so she can’t accept your behavior. This money should demonstrate our sincerity.” 
Her words sounded like an apology, but her thinly veiled words implied that Wynter had been disrespectful. 
Wynter looked at the stack of money, and her smile widened. “The Quinnells are really ‘humble‘.” 
Naomi blinked, biting her l*ps slightly. “Do you think this isn’t enough money? I have 
another card here.” 
She stepped towards Wynter, but her strong perfume smell gave Wynter a headache. She couldn’t hold back a sneeze, took a few steps back, and said in a low voice, “No 
need.”
Surely, they understood her rejection. However, Fiona pouted. “Ms. Naomi, forget it. 
She won’t thank you at all.” 
Naomi also frowned. “Did you misunderstand me? Why won’t you accept the money?” 
Wynter raised her eyebrows. “Oh? Misunderstand? The money you’re holding belongs to the Quinnells, doesn’t it? You’re pretty generous, using other people’s 
money.” 
She was not going to tolerate anyone like that. 
Naomi seemed confused, but her weak expression returned as she looked at Ryan. Her eyes were slightly red as if she had been wronged. “Mr. Lloyd…” 
Ryan didn’t understand her, “Ms. Naomi, since you’re not ill, why did you ask me to 
call a doctor?” 
Wynter said, “Ryan, handle this matter yourself. Don’t come to me if something like this happens again.” 
She ignored them and walked away. 
The smell emanating from Naomi’s body made her very uncomfortable and weird. 
Chapter 95 Ms Quinnets Werdse 
There should be something else besides the smell of perfume. 
But she had forgotten what that thing was. It felt familiar as if she had smelled it
somewhere in the past.
###chapter96
Chapter 96 Someone Troubles Her Again 
She’s quite arrogant!” Fiona stamped the ground. “We won’t look for her again! Who does she think she is?” 
Naomi frowned and folded her arms. “Aunt Fiona.” 
Fiona seemed afraid of her and muttered, “I just think she’s so impertinent. You apologized to her publicly, and yet, she didn’t appreciate it.” 
“You’re the one without any manners!” 
As Wynter had left, Ryan could no longer suppress his temper. “I won’t be the manager from now on! I’m tired of dealing with your troubles every day! Why did you call for a doctor when you feel fine? Are you kidding me?” 
When Naomi heard that, she quickly comforted him, “Mr. Lloyd, please calm down. You don’t need to kick up a fuss over a doctor.” 
“Ms. Naomi, do you know how much Mr. Quinnell Senior values Dr. Genius?” 
At this point, Ryan didn’t care about anything else. His expression was solemn. “You should explain this to Mr. Quinnell Senior yourself! Dr. Genius wasn’t joking. Like she said, she won’t treat the Quinnells again!” 
“Mr. Lloyd, you’re making too much of a fuss,” Fiona said disdainfully, “So what if she doesn’t treat the Quinnells? Southdale is my hometown. I know many renowned doctors. If she doesn’t want to treat the Quinnells, others will.” 
He didn’t bother to say anything further, so he turned around and left.
“Mr…” Naomi started but suddenly turned pale. She seemed to have trouble 
breathing. 
“Ms. Naomi!” Fiona quickly pulled out Naomi’s medical spray. 
Ryan couldn’t leave now. After all, he was supposed to be taking care of Naomi. If something happened to her, Fabian would hold him accountable. 
Naomi lowered her eyes, her eyelashes trembling. “Aunt Fiona, you must apologize 
to her next time!” 
“Ms. Naomi, I…” 
How could Fiona apologize to that lowly girl? However, she understood Naomi’s request. She gritted her teeth, responding begrudgingly, “Okay, I’ll apologize.” 
Naomi looked at Ryan. “Mr. Lloyd…” 
Everyone around looked at her and praised her for her decency. Even though Fiona had made a mistake, Naomi had tried her best to resolve the problem. 
Ryan couldn’t say anything else. He glared at Fiona. 
On the surface, Fiona restrained herself. But she planned to find another renowned doctor to suppress his momentum and nip his arrogance in the bud. 
Although Ryan was the manager, he was only an employee. How could he interfere 
in Naomi’s affairs?
Fiona mulled it over. Her relatives, the Scotts, were in Southdale. It wouldn’t be 
difficult to get in touch with them. 
The ladies sitting in the restaurant couldn’t see the scene in the lobby. They left late, 
enjoying their afternoon tea. 
Wanda pleased everyone as she hoped to re–enter the circle of aristocratic families. 
Mrs. Jennings felt annoyed. Looking out the window, she suddenly smiled. “Mrs. Yates, isn’t that your daughter, Wynter, who got bad grades in school?” 
Wanda followed Mrs. Jennings‘ gaze, looking over in time to see Wynter walking out 
of the hotel. She was furious that Wynter had embarrassed her again. 
Taking a deep breath, she calmed herself down. “Mrs. Jennings, your news is outdated. She’s an imposter. My biological daughter is Yve.” 
Mrs. Jennings only smiled and fell silent, her embarrassment evident on her face. 
Seeing that, Wanda grew angrier. She excused herself to the bathroom to touch up her makeup, then went outside to make a phone call. 
“Have you done what I asked you to do? She often walks alone. How could you not
###chapter97
Chapter 97 Mr. Yarwood Wants to Save Her 
“I don’t care what methods you use! I don’t want to see her in Southdale again!” Wanda hung up, annoyed. 
She didn’t want to make things difficult. It was just like raising a pet. She still had 
some feelings about Wynter after all these years, but Wynter was still pestering the 
Yates! 
As she pondered this, Wanda remembered something. She took out her phone and 
sent another message. 
That night, it was already late when Wynter returned to Waterview Alley. 
Usually, she didn’t mind if the street lights weren’t working. But as soon as she entered the alley, she sensed several figures behind her. 
She was carrying a black bag, and a faint hint of coolness overflowed from her smile. 
A man stood next to the second street lamp that lined Waterview Alley. He was tall, elegant, and noble. Even the lights had become his foil in the old alley. 
The man was Wynter’s overly handsome patient. Why was he there? Wynter raised 
her eyebrows curiously. 
Dalton flicked the beaded bracelet on his wrist, glancing at her. “Dr. Genius, why did you bring such annoying people with you?”
As he spoke, he coughed slightly, looking pale and fragile. 
She raised her chin and said, “You leave first.” If a fight broke out, she couldn’t 
protect him. 
However, Dalton didn’t move. He focused on the gangsters who emerged from the darkness, his eyes filled with coldness. 
“Hey, are you trying to be a hero?” taunted one of the gangsters playfully. 
“Pretty boy, I advise you to reevaluate your abilities before saving this beauty.” 
The six people following Wynter stepped out onto the path. Some had scars on their faces, and some looked muscular. 
They looked at Dalton, smirking evilly. 
‘F**k off! Don’t stand in our way!” shouted one of the men. As he said that, he 
moved to attack Dalton. 
But before the man had even touched Dalton, someone grabbed his hand violently. 
It was Wynter. 
She looked at the burly men and spoke calmly, “Do you know how precious my 
patient is?” 
“What-
She kicked the man, breaking his fist. The huge impact knocked the gangster to the ground. With her knowledge of medicine, she attacked him with vital point strikes that prevented him from screaming. 
The other five men paused, then rushed toward her at once. 
Wynter smirked. Her stance was nonchalant as she swung her bag and knocked down another gangster effortlessly. 
For a moment, the gangsters instinctively felt danger, stepped back, and wanted to run away. But it was too late. 
One gangster didn’t even notice Wynter had moved before a force choked him by the neck, pushing him hard against the wall. 
He struggled to breathe as his pupils widened. 
Wynter seemed unbothered by the fight, looking at the burly man expressionlessly. Her coldness even made her seem like a killer. 
The gangster turned pale with fright. His entire body trembled, and he broke out in a 
cold sweat. 
Wynter pushed down with force, seemingly wild and unruly. She demanded, “Who asked you to come here?” 
Chapter 97 M: Yarwood Wants to Save Her 
There was no way the Gibsons had done this. Hilda wouldn’t have thought of her as 
an informer.
###chapter98
Chapter 98 Wynter’s Questioning 
The other party wasn’t someone who knew Wynter before. After all, her identity was 
safe now. 
However, no matter who it was, attacking her in the alley was equivalent to a 
violation of her taboo-Margaret lived there. 
The gangster trembled, scared to death. He stammered, “I-I don’t know! Miss, we usually do odd jobs. We’ll do anything if the client pays us. I don’t know who asked us to come here!” 
His words sounded confused, and something sounded wrong to Wynter. 
She demanded, “Are you taking illegal orders?” 
“Uh…” the gangster looked at his leader, who lay on the ground. 
When she didn’t get a response, Wynter stepped on the man’s hand. 
The man curled up in pain, shouting desperately, “Yes! W-we’re taking illegal orders!” 
She moved her foot away, looking at the man who turned pale with fright. “It seems you’re the leader. Tell me what the order was.” 
“Doesn’t matter how we do it, but we must get you out of Southdale.” He raised his aching hand, afraid to provoke her. He asked, “Why don’t you think about who your enemy is?” 
Wynter let go of him. “I have too many enemies. I can’t guess.” 
The gangsters were stunned.
Dalton giggled. He was in a suit and was almost spotless. He looked deep and handsome as he watched Wynter. 
She suspected he was trying to seduce her. She raised her eyebrows and said alluringly, “I don’t mind if a handsome man laughs at me.” 
Dalton approached her and smoothed out her long hair that had gotten messed up during the fight. He said hoarsely, “Do you need Ethan to investigate this?” 
Charter #Wynter 
“No need.” Wynter listened to his voice, not paying much attention to his actions. You didn’t have any lozenges?” 
Dalton smiled. “I ate them. But I have a meeting. I wanted to tell you that before! leave.” 
She nodded, pulled his wrist over, and pressed two fingers up to it to check his pulse. At the same time, she signaled the gangsters. “Go ahead.” 
The gangsters had goosebumps as they watched the intimacy between Wynter and 
Dalton. “What?” 
“How did you get the order? Offline or online?” Wynter smiled meaningfully. “Do you still want me to teach you the underworld rules?” 
The gangsters were shocked. She acted like one of them! 
“It was online. We originally made small loans. But as debt collectors, we have to be 
unscrupulous. We couldn’t do it,” the man explained firmly and loudly.
She raised her eyebrows. “But you guys followed an unarmed girl at night. Don’t you 
think that’s pretty unscrupulous?” 
The man murmured, “You’re no different from an armed person.” 
Wynter pretended she hadn’t heard him. 
Dalton grinned. “Dr. Genius, I knew your medical skills were outstanding, but I didn’t think you’d also be outstanding in other aspects, such as fighting and grades.” 
She glared at him, giving him a warning. 
But in his eyes, she looked beautiful and charming. Her warning wasn’t threatening 
at all. Instead, it added to her charm. 
Her m*uth was slightly open, and she carried the fragrance, which was even more alluring when she protected him. 
When he returned from Emstia, he would tell her whether he liked men or women 
with his actions. 
Wynter didn’t care what her handsome patient was thinking. She looked at the 
“Carl Wilkinson.” 
Carl answered all her questions, too afraid to run away. “Miss, we just wanted to 
scare you. We thought you were an ordinary girl and would leave Southdale because of the threats.”
“Yes! The boss is telling the truth! Who knew you would beat us up?” 
It was the most ridiculous thing they had ever encountered! 
After getting their answers, Wynter said, “I was indeed frightened by you guys. You have to compensate me for the mental trouble.”. 
The gangsters were stunned. Was she serious? They were the ones with bruises, swollen faces, and broken bones! 
She smiled. “You guys don’t want to pay? Well, that’s fine. I’ll just call the police to 
arrest you guys.” 
“Don’t!” Carl stretched out his hand, gritting his teeth in pain. “Miss, we’re willing to compensate! Tell me the amount. We can chip in. We can give you all the money from the order!” 
Wynter said calmly, “I’m not interested in your money. Since you’ve disturbed my life, you must make up for it. From now on, you guys are responsible for the security of Waterview Alley. If I see anyone coming again, I’ll find you guys.” 
“No problem! We live nearby!” a young gangster rushed to agree, patting his chest. He had exposed where they were from. 
Carl had never met anyone so st*pid, and this was his subordinate! 
“We’ll listen to you.” 
Protection was easy. They would continue taking orders and do bad things anyway. 
But Wynter burst their bubble. “Don’t accept any other orders. Give me your account number and the app’s you’re currently using. I need to know who wants me to leave.
Southdale.”
###chapter99
Chapter 99 Boyfriend Is a Very Pleasant Title 
“Carl Wilkinson.” 
Carl answered all her questions, too afraid to run away. “Miss, we just wanted to scare you. We thought you were an ordinary girl and would leave Southdale because of the threats.” 
“Yes! The boss is telling the truth! Who knew you would beat us up?” 
It was the most ridiculous thing they had ever encountered! 
After getting their answers, Wynter said, “I was indeed frightened by you guys. You have to compensate me for the mental trouble.“. 
The gangsters were stunned. Was she serious? They were the ones with bruises, swollen faces, and broken bones! 
She smiled. “You guys don’t want to pay? Well, that’s fine. I’ll just call the police to 
arrest you guys.” 
“Don’t!” Carl stretched out his hand, gritting his teeth in pain. “Miss, we’re willing to compensate! Tell me the amount. We can chip in. We can give you all the money 
from the order!” 
Wynter said calmly, “I’m not interested in your money. Since you’ve disturbed my life, you must make up for it. From now on, you guys are responsible for the security of Waterview Alley. If I see anyone coming again, I’ll find you guys.”
“No problem! We live nearby!” a young gangster rushed to agree, patting his chest. He had exposed where they were from. 
Carl had never met anyone so st*pid, and this was his subordinate! 
“We’ll listen to you.” 
Protection was easy. They would continue taking orders and do bad things anyway. 
But Wynter burst their bubble. “Don’t accept any other orders. Give me your account number and the apps you’re currently using. I need to know who wants me to leave 
Southdale.” 
Chapter 99 Boyfriend is a Very Pleasant Title 
So, that was her goal! 
Carl thought for a while, biting his l*ps. “Miss, you should understand the underworld rules. I can’t show just you the order–taking account.” 
Wynter smiled wryly. “How do I know the underworld rules?” 
He was speechless. She looked like she was proficient in the underworld! 
“Please let me think about it. I…” 
She interrupted, “I’ll pay you 50 thousand to buy your order–taking account, including your expenses for protecting Waterview Alley during this period.” 
He was stunned. “50 thousand? Are you giving us money?”
Hadn’t she asked them to compensate her? 
Wynter glanced at him. “I took action because you wanted to attack my patient. I didn’t want to do that. I only wanted to discuss business with you. Do you think I didn’t notice you guys following me?” 
The young gangster wanted to explain, “I didn’t mean to attack your boyfriend. He…” 
“Boyfriend?” she interrupted, frowning. 
Dalton smiled. “What’s wrong with me?” 
The young gangster lowered his voice. “You don’t look like a good person. I thought 
you wanted to attack us.” 
Dalton stroked his red beaded bracelet, coughing softly. Then, he looked at Wynter 
with an indescribable expression of amusement and grief. 
Wynter thought such an expression was hypocritical when Naomi did it, but when it was Dalton doing it, she thought there had to be something wrong with the young gangster’s eyes. 
The young gangster realized that Wynter wanted to protect her boyfriend. He 
stepped back cautiously. 
She didn’t say anything in response. Instead, she turned to Carl and pressed, “Well? 
Do you want to give me the account number?” 
Chapter 99 Boyfriend is a Very Pleasant Title
Carl struggled to reply as he felt the expectant gazes of his subordinates on him. If he gave her the account number, what would they do? 
“That boy…” 
Wynter pointed to one of them. “You’re underage, right? You look pretty strong. And that boy’s leg is a little lame. Do you want them to continue doing illegal acts?” 
Go
###chapter100
Chapter 100 Start a Career and Recruit Subordinates 
Those were the only two Wynter hadn’t attacked. 
Carl was shocked when he heard that. How did she know he did this for them? 
She said lazily, “It doesn’t make any difference if you accept your orders or mine. You might as well work for me; at least my work is legal.” 
Carl had taken so many orders, including helping a client catch an adulterer, intimidating a mistress, and dealing with a mother–in–law. 
There were also terrible orders, such as forcing an old man to give up his house for 
his daughter–in–law. 
There were all kinds of orders. But usually, ordinary people were afraid of them. Even if those people were fearless, nobody regarded them as good people. 
It was the first time they had failed to intimidate someone. And now, this girl even 
wanted to recruit them! 
Carl said in a low voice, “We won’t do anything outrageous.” 
“I’m a doctor. I treat patients. How outrageous can I be?” Wynter replied with a smile. 
Carl still didn’t believe she was a doctor. He was about to speak when she interrupted, “That lame boy was injured in a car accident. He’ll feel pain on cloudy and rainy days. He was injured not long ago.” 
Not only Carl’s but the young gangster’s eyes widened. “How do you know that?”
“Is it that surprising?” Wynter replied calmly. “All the doctors can see through a patient’s condition. It’s just at different stages.” 
Carl looked a little excited. He trembled as he asked, “Then, can you heal his leg? We’re willing to pay any amount!” 
“Uncle Carl, I don’t need it.” The lame boy stepped closer to them. 
It was only under the streetlight that Wynter saw him clearly. He was young, 15 years, old at most, and his appearance was completely different from the gangsters, 
cartac 
d Recruit Subordinates 
delicate and fair. His short white hair seemed natural and quite eye-catching. He hid 
it with a baseball cap. 
Carl scolded him, “Whitley, shut up!” 
Whitley lowered his eyes. “We have no money. There isn’t much pain.” 
Carl smiled. “Miss, don’t listen to him. Please tell me how to treat him. I’ll make the 
arrangements.” 
Wynter looked over and asked, “He called you Uncle Carl. Are you related?” 
He stroked Whitley’s head and answered, “Yes.” 
She walked closer, lowering her gaze. “Did you pick up this ‘relative‘ from the dump
half a year ago?” 
Whitley looked wary. “Uncle Carl, let’s go. I don’t need treatment.‘ 
Carl stopped him, smiling apologetically at Wynter. “Miss, he’s a bit ignorant. Please 
don’t mind.” 
She smiled gently. “I also have a kid I picked up from the dump.” 
Upon hearing that, Whitley raised his head abruptly, hesitating to speak. 
Wynter said unhurriedly, “Treating his leg won’t be difficult. If you guys work for me, I’ll pay you on time. I don’t care where you go. You can do whatever you want as long as you don’t harm others.” 
“Can we still get paid?” the young gangster’s eyes lit up. 
Carl also saw hope. “Can Whitley’s leg be treated?” 
“So far, there’s no disease that I can’t treat.” Wynter spoke lazily. 
Studying the red mole between Whitley’s eyebrows, she smiled suddenly. “Besides, Whitley and I are destined.” 
Dalton, who had been silent the entire time, raised his eyebrows slightly and looked 
at them. 
Carl agreed happily, “As long as you can treat Whitley’s leg, we’ll do anything you say!” 
Chapter 100 Stan a Career and Recruit Subordinates
Wynter held out her hand. “Give me the phone.” 
He did so, not knowing what she was going to do. 
She scanned the code then instructed, “Come to the Empathy Clinic at 10:00 am 
tomorrow.”
###chapter101
Chapter 101 They Knew Each Other 
“Empathy Clinic?” Carl thought it sounded familiar. 
The young gangster reminded him, “That’s the place where we had a massage.” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “What a coincidence. You’re one of our old customers.” 
Carl was dumbfounded. “But the masseur is just an old lady, isn’t it?” 
Wynter was unfazed. “You’re right. That’s my grandma. It was just a foot massage. place then. From tomorrow onward, it will operate as a traditional medicine clinic. You came to threaten us without even doing a background check on the customers. That’s interesting.” 
Carl blushed a little. “We’re just trying to earn a living. But don’t worry, miss. We won’t ever do this again.” 
Wynter picked up the black bag from the side with her eyebrow raised. “Call me Boss. 
Carl was confused. “Huh?” 
Although the young man with white hair wasn’t good at judging people, he was quick to respond. “Boss.” 
“Report to work on time tomorrow.” Satisfied, Wynter waved them off. “You can go now. Don’t let the people from the Waterview Alley see you.” But Wynter was too late 
to tell them that. 
On the other hand, Susan was riding her scooter while she was on the way to her evening shift. Right then, she bumped into a group of burly men just around the
corner. They sent shivers down her spine. 
“Wyn… Wynter, it’s already late. Why aren’t you heading back home yet?” Susan got closer to Wynter. Gathering up her courage, she glanced at Carl. “Your grandma 
might call the police if she doesn’t see you at home!” 
She clearly said that to scare these “gangsters” away. 
But Wynter smiled. “Don’t worry, Aunt Susan. I’m just having a chat with some 
Chapter 101 They Know Cach Other 
friends. 
Susan gulped. “Friends?” The people whom Wynter had been meeting these days 
were strange. 
Wynter patted on Carl’s back. “This is Carl. Even though he looks terrifying, he’s a kind man. He’s famous for being a philanthropist in our area. 
The gangsters were stunned. “Philanthropist?” 
“Oh, he’s a philanthropist.” Susan became relaxed. “I thought he was a loan shark who was here to collect payments. I was so scared! Tasha said that there have been thugs strolling around our alley for no reason. You should come back home earlier 
from now on.” 
Wynter continued smiling. I’ve heard about that. Well, I’ve called Carl over to guard the Waterview Alley these few days.”
“You must be friendly with each other then!’ Susan was happy. She looked at Carl 
with approval. “That’s great!” 
Carl couldn’t say anything to that. He couldn’t confess that the thugs that had been lingering around the alley were themselves, could he? 
“We’ll make sure that the Waterview Alley will always be safe!” Carl promised while 
patting his chest. 
Susan exclaimed in joy. She was desperate to spread the news to everyone. Seeing how friendly they were being welcomed here, the gangsters were a little dazed. 
They had no choice but to set off with Susan, who was on her scooter, to make sure she was safe. Wynter was unbothered. This had nothing to do with her anyway. 
Dalton, who had been standing at the side and watching everything that happened, 
couldn’t help but let out a chuckle. His deep-set eyes were glimmering. He looked so 
handsome that it could capture anyone’s heart. 
He only spoke up after everyone left. His voice was like music. “Dr. Genius, you’re so 
good with words, aren’t you? Did you just call Carl a philanthropist?” 
Wynter was unfazed. “I just said that because of how the situation was. I didn’t want 
to scare Aunt Susan.” 
Chapter 101 They knew Each Other
Dalton slid his finger down the beaded bracelet. “Do you know the young white- haired guy?” 
Eyes resting somewhere at the side, Wynter’s mind seemed to be somewhere else. She answered vaguely, “He was in the same garbage dump as Wolf back then.” Dalton’s eyes darkened. What did she mean by “the same garbage dump”?
###chapter102
Chapter 102 Kissing Her Wrist 
Wynter didn’t want to continue talking about it. She walked ahead in her black boots. Her long hair hung low around her waist. Her legs looked slender and pale. 
But Dalton still noticed that something was wrong with her right hand. Out of nowhere, he grabbed her wrist and lowered his eyes. “What happened?” 
Wynter was unbothered. “I probably scraped myself against the tree by accident to avoid hitting someone mistakenly. It’s okay. I’ll go back home-” 
Wynter stopped speaking halfway because of what Dalton did. He suddenly leaned, 
down and placed his l*ps on her wrist. He exuded such nobility that his action, 
although seemingly dangerous, was gentle. 
It wasn’t even a k*ss, but the coolness of his l*ps suppressed the heat from her wound. Wynter had never been so intimate with anyone before. She wanted to pull 
her wrist away. 
However, he held her hand tight. He looked up slightly, resting his eyes on her face. 
Standing tall, Dalton was in a black, tailored suit. On his pale wrist, he was wearing. that red beaded bracelet. He looked dangerously tempting. 
Nobody could see this scene as they were in a dimly lit corner. But sometimes, being in the dark amplified one’s senses even more.
The cool fragrance from his body was pleasant and enticing. It went well with his low whispers. “I’ll be on a business trip to Emstia for a few days. I’ll only be back on 
Thursday.” 
Wynter felt a tingling sensation on her fingers. Dodging his l*ps, she frowned instinctively. “A five–day business trip is still acceptable. You have to come back here. in ten days to continue your medication.” 
Seeing her push him away, Dalton smiled lightly. “I heard that this is the best way to 
stop the germs from spreading.” 
Looking at him, Wynter mumbled, “You’re lucky that you’re you. If it’s anyone else, 1, 
would’ve slapped them hard.” 
Dalton realized how Wynter couldn’t resist good–looking people at all. With a soft 
smile, he said, “There’s no surveillance in this alley. I’ll leave Ethan here with you. He’ll be somewhat useful anyway.” 
Ethan, who had been hiding in a corner and not daring to show his face, was 
speechless. 
Glancing at the shadow not far away from them, Wynter grinned. “That’s your bodyguard. Who would protect you if you left him with me?” 
Dalton looked her in the eyes. “Do you not want that?” 
Wynter didn’t . “I’m used to being alone and free. I don’t like having someone following me around.”
Of course, Dalton wouldn’t believe her words fully. If she really enjoyed being alone, 
Wolf wouldn’t have been hanging out with her so often. She was probably just wary 
of him. 
Dalton had never encountered such a situation before. He felt a little frustrated, but 
he didn’t show it on his face. He merely lowered his gaze. His eyes grew darker. “I thought you would see me as a friend.” 
“You are.” Wynter didn’t want to see such a handsome man being sad. She was indeed someone who fell for looks easily. “I’ll accept any gifts you give, just not a 
bodyguard.” 
To Dalton, she didn’t seem to be lying. He said in a low voice, “Sure.” There was a hint of darkness in his smile, but his voice sounded pleasant. He discovered that she 
couldn’t resist anyone with a nice voice as well. 
Back then, she certainly would’ve accepted his offer and let the bodyguard guard her backyard. It wasn’t a bad idea to let him coax her to sleep every day. But this young man didn’t seem like someone who could be hired with just money. 
“Also, you don’t have to look for a teacher.” When Dalton said that, his voice was a little hoarse. “I’ll teach you. You should start working on that sloppy handwriting of 
yours.” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. Dalton had to bring up her weak point, didn’t he?
Staring at her, Dalton slowly smiled. It was seductive and dark. The starlight behind him seemed to be his backdrop at that moment. “Wait for me to come back.“
###chapter103
Chapter 103 His True Identity Was Uncovered 
“Sure.” Wynter didn’t think much when she said that. It was only after Dalton left that she realized reporting her whereabouts to him seemed like what couples would do. That, coupled with the coolness on her wrist, felt like a reminder to her of her man’s 
existence. 
At the same time, Dalton reached the junction. His car was already there waiting for him. It was a limited edition Maybeck. The driver bowed at him politely as he opened 
the car door. 
At this moment, Dalton was a totally different person as opposed to how he was in front of Wynter. He raised his hand to loosen his diamond cufflink. The 
oppressiveness in his dark eyes made the man in the video call with Dalton not dare 
to look at him at all. 
“Get rid of all those people. We’ll talk about the other things after I reach.” 
After taking off his beaded bracelet, it seemed as if he had removed his constraints. Apart from his cold and elegant aura, there was a dangerous undertone in his eyes. The look on his face was unfathomable. 
Susan, who happened to be passing by the car on her scooter, saw that. She stopped her scooter and frowned a little. She mumbled to herself, “Isn’t that the handsome friend of Wynter’s? Damn, why would he be in that car?”
Wolf had mentioned that this car cost at least six hundred million dollars! Wynter’s friend must’ve been rich! Susan thought that she had to tell Wynter about this after she got off work and headed back home. 
Sitting in the car, Dalton was dealing with work. He didn’t notice Susan. The Maybeck was driven out of the alley soon after. They were headed toward the 
direction of the airport. 
The city center was lively and bustling as countless cars drove down the roads. Regardless of how busy it was, nothing affected the peace and quiet in the clinic. 
When Wynter entered the place, Wolf was sitting by Margaret’s side munching on a bread roll. With a smile, Margaret told him to eat slower. There was nothing but love 
on her face. 
After a busy day at work, Wynter was hungry too. Placing her bag by the side, she bent down and took a bite off the bread roll in Wolf’s hand. Wolf was about to get- angry. His fists were clenched tightly. 
But after Margaret asked, “Why are you back so late?“, he smiled. He turned around 
and made a gesture at Wynter. 
Wynter washed her hands at the sink outside. After that, she sat down. “You managed to hold yourself back from accepting the money. Not bad.” 
Wolf seemed proud of himself. Margaret was helpless. She could only say to Wynter, “That friend of yours sent someone to buy a bunch of things and bring them here. You should find a time to return all
these things to him.” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “What are those things?” 
Wolf pointed at something. Wynter then saw a pile of unboxed stuff. There was a TV, a fridge, a study tablet, a massage chair for the elderly, and a multi–cooker. 
Margaret let out a sigh. “He probably could tell that we’re not in the best financial situation, so he wants to help us out.” 
Not in the best financial situation? Wolf looked confused. 
Margaret reached out to ruffle his head. “The two of you have been suffering as well by living with me.” 
“Wolf and I were children who nobody wanted.” Wynter’s voice was light. “We get to eat and drink while we live with you. How is that suffering at all?” 
After some thinking, Margaret said, “Wyntem, I’ve thought about the matter of reopening the Empathy Clinic. Let’s do it, just like you suggested.” 
“Sure.” Wynter served some pork stew to Margaret. 
Margaret didn’t eat it right away. Instead, she lowered her head and pulled out a passbook. That’s right, it was just a passbook. It wasn’t even a bank card. 
Judging from how wrinkly it was, it must have taken Margaret a long time before she managed to save this little bit of money. She saved all of that in her bank account. 
Wynter, I have 30 thousand dollars here. Just use this money when you need to buy 
anything to reopen the Empathy Clinic.”
Qket Fast Far Bonus Tere to Running Dun
###chapter104
Chapter 104 Wynter’s Ability to Hide Things 
Looking at the old withered passbook, Wynter said, “Grandma, I have my own money.” 
“You did. But now that you’re kicked out of the house, those people in that family would certainly cut your credit card off.” Margaret caressed her long hair. “You just want to make me happy, don’t you?” 
Wynter remained smiling. “Grandma, I-” 
But before Wynter could finish her sentence, Margaret’s old phone started ringing. It 
was loud and piercing. 
Margaret glanced at the caller ID. The warmth in her eyes faded. She was just about to get up and answer the call without the children being around. 
Wynter was smart enough to guess who it was. “Is it Wanda?” 
Realizing that she couldn’t hide it from the two of them, Margaret could only nod. 
Wynter smiled a little. “Just answer the phone, Grandma. Wolf and I have grown up already. We’ll be with you if anything happens.” 
Hearing what her granddaughter said, Margaret’s heart was warmed. She suddenly felt energized. She picked up the call even though she didn’t want to in the first place. 
“Ha, you’ve finally picked up the call. People would’ve assumed that our daughter–in- law hasn’t been treating you well.” 
Wanda’s sharp and sarcastic voice came through the phone. “The Weissman family contacted me just now. They said that you asked them to lend you some money so that you could reopen the clinic. They
asked me if they should lend the money to you. 
Wanda snickered. “Mom, have you forgotten about how a patient died because of 
your treatment?” 
Margaret’s fingers started to tremble. Her voice was low. That has nothing to do with you.” 
“Nothing to do with me?” Wanda became angry. “Are you trying to help that fake 
granddaughter of yours out? You’re such a funny old woman. Instead of helping your actual granddaughter, you’re doing it for the fake one!” 
Margaret took a deep breath. “To me, Wynter is just like my own granddaughter!” 
“Do whatever you want with that fake granddaughter of yours. I’m just calling to tell 
you to not ask others to lend you money by using Ewan’s name.” 
Wanda was having a facial treatment. The skin–brightening injection cost 10 
thousand per tube. She had to remain in a good mood. 
“The Weissman family won’t lend you five thousand dollars. Since you’re getting older by the day, shouldn’t you write up a will to give Yvette that courtyard of yours? It’s been such a long time since your granddaughter has returned. Don’t you think it’s embarrassing that you haven’t done anything for her?” 
Her sarcastic tone made Margaret clutch the phone so hard that her fingers turned red. “You guys are well–off now and you don’t need my courtyard. Don’t call me ever again, or won’t let you off this easily!” 
“Wow, Mom. You think so highly of yourself, don’t you? We’ll see how you won’t let me off then.” Wanda sneered. “How will you even manage to promote that shabby little massage place of yours?”
“We’ll see what happens then.” 
Out of nowhere, the voice on the call changed. It was cold and concise. It was Wynter. She took the old phone from Margaret. There was nothing but iciness in her 
eyes. 
That made Wanda’s face turn cold. “Wynter, I’ve explained everything to you in a nice way and have raised you for so many years. In the end, you’re still helping this poor old lady to fight me off. 
all “I don’t care what sort of ideas you have. You’re free to scam that old lady’s money you want. But don’t ever appear in front of me or Yvette again!” After that, Wanda hung up in anger. 
She was extremely dissatisfied. As long as she didn’t agree to it, nobody in Riverburg would dare to lend money to that poor old hag! She’d wait and watch how those two poor women would manage to reopen the Empathy Clinic! 
Chapter 104 Wynter’s Ability to Hide Things 
In the courtyard, Margaret had managed to stop her hands from trembling. She put her old phone aside. “Wynter, don’t worry about the money. Grandma will think of al way for you. I’ll make sure you and Wolf get to attend school.” 
Right after she said that, she received a message. It was sent from the Weissman family. They apologized and said that things had been hard for them, so they didn’t have money to lend to her.
###chapter105
Chapter 105 A Million Dollars 
Margaret replied with a smile, “Alright, Adam. I understand, thank you.” 
It would mean a lot if someone could help them at such a moment. But it was expected that people wouldn’t help them. Margaret knew that too well. 
Adam tried to convince her, “You shouldn’t reopen the clinic. Margaret, honestly, your won’t be able to reopen the clinic. If you need some money to live or eat, perhaps we 
could still help you out in secret.” 
Seeing how he said they’d help her in secret, Margaret could tell what was actually going on. Five thousand dollars wouldn’t mean much to families like theirs. 
It might not even be enough for Wanda to treat her guests to a meal. But she just didn’t want to lend her that money, nor did she want anybody else to do that for her. 
People usually described mother-in-laws as evil. Little did many know that some daughter-in-laws were the actual coldhearted ones. 
Wynter’s eyes grew dark. Placing her hand on the table, she tapped on the table randomly. She seemed unbothered, but she exuded a dark aura. Only her eyes were bright, which looked dangerous amidst the darkness. 
Wolf’s eyes gradually turned bloodshot. He was just about to get up. The Scott family was really insufferable. 
Wynter reached out to press him down casually. “Just eat.
Π 
There was no expression on Wolf’s youthful face. He could only gesture with his hands. Placing her cutlery down, Wynter wiped the corner of her l*ps with a napkin. Don’t worry, we’ll get them back.” 
Instantly, Wolf became excited. Sometimes, Margaret couldn’t understand the secret codes between these two. But she understood this. “Wolf has really grown up. He 
wants to avenge Grandma.” 
“Hmph!” Nobody could bully Margaret! 
Margaret had a warm smile. “You can avenge me. But don’t get into a fight, or you’ll 
Chapter 105 A Magn 
be detained at the police station.” 
“Hmm…” Wolf became defeated. He wanted to beat Wanda up before bringing that man Adam down. Not getting to fight would place limits on what he could do to 
them. 
Wynter could tell what he was thinking. Chuckling, she said something indirectly.” Grandma’s right. Fighting is illegal. But for some people, it would be even more painful for them to lose everything instead of suffering from physical pain.” 
Wolf suddenly raised his head. His eyes lit up. Wynter wouldn’t talk much about things like that in front of Margaret. She merely checked her bank account on her phone and changed the topic. “Grandma, look at this.”
When Margaret saw the balance, she thought something was wrong with her eyes. After putting on her glasses, she counted the digits again. Only then did she speak with her eyes widened. “A million dollars? Wynter, where did you get all that money 
from?” 
Wynter only showed Margaret the amount she used as her pocket money. She knew that it would terrify Margaret to see an even larger sum. 
She spoke with a lower voice, “That friend of mine introduced a patient to me. The patient is from a rich family. This money is from all the medical fees that they paid and our trip to the Scott family yesterday.” 
Margaret was shocked to hear that. “Is the consultation fee that high?” 
“Do you not know what kind of family the Scott family is? Wouldn’t it be embarrassing for them to pay just a small amount?” Wynter simply came up with anything just so that she could make Margaret believe her. “Of course, it wasn’t just the consultation fee. Wolf and I sold them some herbal medicine.” 
After hearing his name, he nodded profusely. 
Margaret was happy and shocked. Looking at the balance on the phone, she couldn’t. help but smile, especially after knowing that the money came from clean hands. 
“A million dollars! It’s actually a million dollars!” 
“Yes, Grandma. It’s 
a million dollars. We don’t need extra money for work or reopening the clinic anymore.” Wynter smiled softly. “Spend it on anything you need. 
Chapter TOW AM
We’ll be even richer than now after we reopen the Empathy Clinic.” 
Hearing her granddaughter’s words, Margaret suddenly felt hopeful about their lives. from now on. “We can earn even more than one million?”
###chapter106
Chapter 106 Chain Store 
Of course, we’ll earn a lot. When the Empathy Clinic becomes popular, we can even turn it into a chain.” Wynter combed the white hair around Margaret’s temples. 
Haven’t you always wanted to go to Kingbourne? We’ll open a chain there.” 
Margaret started laughing as she listened to Wynter speak. “You dummy. Do you think anyone could start a chain store in Kingbourne? That’s the capital! But I’m 
happy that you have such great aspirations!” 
Margaret had lived for so long. When she was young, she was too assertive and 
ignorant. As she grew older, she lost her job and her legs couldn’t move anymore 
She didn’t manage to uphold the reputation of a famous medical family. Not only 
that, her son was horrible to her, and her daughter-in-law was worse. 
As she continued to live in this courtyard, she wondered what she would have done 
if she could turn back time and make a decision again. 
But now, she didn’t even have to do that. Not only did she have Wynter and Wolf by her side, but she could possibly continue her career as a doctor and treat patients. She had never felt so hopeful and motivated! 
“I’ll have to do my job well and earn a lot of money for Wynter’s future marriage then,” Margaret rambled on happily. “Wolf will have to marry a girl in the future as well.”
Wolf twitched a little. Marrying a girl? 
Wynter didn’t stop Margaret from dreaming. No matter what happened, Margaret’s Wynter didn’t stop Margaret from dreaming. happiness would be her priority. As for the other people, she would take her time and deal with them in the future. Wynter lowered her gaze. The sky was now dark. 
Margaret went to bed later than usual. She was energized and even found her old medical license and clinic banner. She happily hung them up in the entrance hall. She only went to sleep when Wolf couldn’t help but let out a yawn. 
But when Wynter walked out of the house, Wolf was awake again. He gestured at her. “I’m ready now/Let’s head to Kingbourne and bring the Scott family down now? We’ll stop that woman Wanda Scott from being so arrogant!” 
“Let’s reopen the clinic first. Grandma’s source of happiness doesn’t originate from those pieces of trash anyway.” Wynter’s target was clear. She pinched on the petals of Black Locust landing on her shoulder with her fingertips. 
Her smile was a little cold. “We’ll head to Kingbourne sooner or later anyway. We’re not in a hurry.” Wolf was obedient. Despite his dark expression, he nodded. 
Wynter grabbed Wolf’s laptop, which he had used to organize everything. “Let’s start. Be quiet and not wake Grandma up.” 
Upon receiving her instruction, Wolf immediately made a move. He brought the necessary equipment and tested them out. He even installed the household 
appliances gifted by Dalton in appropriate corners of the house.
Around the clinic, there were mini surveillance cameras within every thirty feet. It was clear that Wolf was the one doing all the physical labor around the house. 
Sitting on the wooden chair, Wynter was typing rapidly on the keyboard. Nobody knew what she was working on. 
After Wolf was done, Wynter looked up and glanced at the surveillance footage.” Alright, you can come back here now.” 
Wolf leaped down from a tree that was seven feet high. He made no sound when he landed, but it didn’t affect how excited he was. Following behind Wynter, he made a 
few gestures. 
“You’re really in a rush, aren’t you?” Wynter grinned. “We’ll start working tomorrow then. Get the code ready for collecting payments then.” 
“Mm!” Wolf nodded. His eyes were lit up. 
Wynter was nonchalant. “I’ll introduce you to a few new colleagues of ours then. One of them is someone you’re familiar with.” 
Wolf tilted his head. Someone he was familiar with? 
Wynter stopped in her tracks. “How much do you remember about your past?” 
Wolf looked dazed/He tried to think, but his head hurt so much that he pressed it. 
hard.
Bending down, Wynter caressed his head. “Forget it if you can’t remember anything. 
Let’s close the shop.” 
“Mm!” Wolf immediately cheered up 
With a piece of toast in his m*uth, he busied himself with work. He’d certainly print the biggest code he could! Then, he would hang it around his neck and walk to where he was needed! 
After a silent night, nobody knew how Wynter would manage to reopen the clinic 
until the next morning.
###chapter107
Chapter 107 Another Achievement 
The old men and women in the alley just came back from their morning workout. They happened to see Wynter standing In front of the clinic, but they didn’t know what she was doing. 
“Wynter, what are you doing?” someone lifted his head and asked. 
Wynter yawned. Although she had barely woken up, she still looked gorgeous. “I’m doing a livestream.” 
A livestream? All her neighbors thought that it was fascinating. But live-streaming was normal in this day and age. 
They also browsed social media platforms, so they were familiar with live streams. But they had never seen it being done in real life before. Everyone huddled around, wanting to see how she would do this. 
Wynter didn’t shy away from them. She chose the most popular social media platform. To encourage more new content makers, they provided specific 
mechanisms to help them out. 
Even if the content makers were new, they would receive a boost lasting up to three minutes on the platform’s discovery page as long as they posted at a specific time. 
Wynter had done her research yesterday. Even if it was just a small boost, there would be at least a hundred people entering the livestream. If they streamed for a full hour, the platform would increase the boost for a longer period. 
But whether viewers stayed on the live stream would depend on how capable the streamer was. On platforms like this, arguing, putting on an act, or showing off one’s wealth was usually the quickest way to attract viewers.
But Wynter didn’t do any of that. She merely wrote a few words in the description of the livestream. “Treating Illnesses and Saving Lives”. She didn’t bother to write any flashy statements. 
After turning on the camera, she directed it right at the new store sign of the Empathy Clinic. 
Wynter took a good look at it and thought that it didn’t look very aesthetic. She then sat down. There were wild root herbs and truffles on the wooden chair and table The camera was aimed at her upper body and focused on her hand. 
She didn’t plan to show her face on the livestream. She wanted to create the atmosphere of a medical setting. After she was done doing all of that, Wynter shared the link to the live stream on her Instagram. 
A while ago, she had talked about Margaret’s dream with Dalton before. She wanted everyone to be able to afford to see a doctor and pay for the medicine. Doing a live stream was the quickest way to achieve that. 
On the internet, there were people from all walks of life. Online, it didn’t matter where they came from, how old they were, or what qualifications they held. 
As social media became more and more popular, even people living in the villages could be exposed to information like this. 
Wynter raised her wrist and looked at her watch. It was almost time. She started streaming right at half past nine in the morning. Perhaps because of the boost, someone joined the stream as soon as she started it. 
“Studylover123 has joined.” 
Wynter was just about to speak up to welcome the 
viewers like any other streamer
would when a comment popped up. 
Studylover123 said, “Aren’t you the one at the bottom of our class?” 
Wynter couldn’t figure out who this might’ve been. 
Studylover123 commented, “Hahaha, you’re going to treat patients? You posted this 
on your Instagram, so I’d know that it’s you even when you don’t show your face.” 
“Adventureseeker has joined.” 
“Foodie_explorer has joined.” 
It was probably because someone shared her livestream with others. Instantly, Wynter’s livestream had more than a hundred viewers. 
Foodie_explorer commented, “No way would the netizens ask someone who ranked 
last in class to treat their illness, would they?” 
Studylover123 replied, “That’s why I asked you guys to come here. She’s going to make a clown of herself here. Of course, we should watch!” 
It was obvious that most of these viewers were here to watch Wynter looking st*pid. 
Studylover123 added, “How dare she treat a patient when she’s just a college 
student?” 
There were many doubtful comments on the stream, but Wynter was not the slightest bit affected. She saw that the number of viewers was increasing.
After setting everything up, she turned on the mic. Having controversial opinions would make a livestream even more popular. It was a waste to give up the popularity that came along for free now. 
“Welcome everyone to my live stream. Today’s the first day for the Empathy Clinic on camera. The first three people will be entitled to free medical care. Anyone 
interested should go online and see if I can treat illnesses.”
###chapter108
Chapter 108 She Got It Right 
The comment section Instantly exploded. 
“Are you sure you can treat people?” 
“She’s just a scammer, don’t believe her!” 
“She’s the fake daughter of the Yates family. After being kicked out of the family, 
she’s here to scam other people for their money. Disgusting!” 
The comments were getting harsher and harsher. However, Wynter merely fl*pped 
open a medicine–related book and started reading it calmly. 
It was almost time for her account’s boost to be over. But Wynter’s livestream was 
not affected at all. The more she was scolded, the more viewers she got. 
Because of that, the platform would help her attract even more viewers to join her livestream. A hundred viewers became two hundred and was now about to reach 
two thousand. 
Suddenly, the livestream titled “The Empathy Clinic” became the most trending livestream on the list! It became a hot topic! 
More people had joined the livestream. There now weren’t just people who knew Wynter. Some didn’t even know who she was. They had just stumbled on her 
livestream.
Even though the comment section was flooded with insults, Wynter was still reading her book. The sound of her fl*pping the pages made some viewers curious. 
Beautybloggerlife commented, “The streamer isn’t even frustrated after being scolded so harshly. This is worth watching,” 
Wanderlust_soul added, “It feels as if she does know how to treat illness.” 
Studylover123 commented, “Hey you, the one who’s ranked last in class! Stop trying to scam other people. Didn’t you say you’re going to treat people free of charge? Examine my illness then, If you get it right, I’ll apologize to you and send you some 
money!” 
Wynter was not anxious at all. She first placed her book down before clicking on the collaborate button. 
Instantly, the screen was split into three windows. Wynter’s hand was still in the left 
window. 
The right screen was split into two windows. There was one on top and one on the bottom. The first two people who queued up online appeared on the screen at the 
same time. 
Beautybloggerlife commented, “That’s so sudden!” 
Studylover123 simply typed, “…” 
Foodie_explorer then said, “Those who got connected should turn on their mics. 
Let’s see how she examines her patients!”
Wynter stopped looking at the comments. Instead, she looked at the boy on the top right of the screen. “Hello, studylover123. I’ve added you here as you’ve requested.” 
After all, he was the first viewer of her livestream. He deserved to be in the limelight. Besides, he even mentioned that he’d send her money as a reward. 
Uncomfortable, the boy sat up straight. It was as if he had never encountered such a 
situation before. 
Adventureseeker commented, “Don’t be scared, brother w 
Just let her show her skills!” 
does she think she is? 
Foodie_explorer chimed in, “That’s right! I’m here to watch the one who’s ranked last 
in the class show her true colors!” 
The boy then grew confident. He took off his glasses. “Since we’re all from the same school, I won’t make things too hard for you. I’ll tell you about the condition of a friend of mine. His back has been hurting frequently these days. Tell me what illness 
that is. 
The description was so vague that even the best doctor wouldn’t be able to answer it. All the viewers felt that studylover123 was troubling Wynter on purpose. 
But Wynter spoke slowly. “Let’s put your friend’s matter aside for now. Your l*ps are a
little purple, and you look thin. 
“Has your tummy been hurting recently? Have you been feeling the heat in your stomach from indigestion after eating?” 
The boy was here to see Wynter make a clown of herself. But at this moment, his smile froze. On the livestream, his expression couldn’t be hidden at all! 
“Could she have guessed it right?” 
“If she did, she’s amazing. This young man didn’t say anything after all.” 
Adventureseeker was concerned about the boy. They kept sending him private texts to check on him. But the boy didn’t answer. Subconsciously, he massaged his stomach. His face was growing paler. 
He had indeed been feeling unwell recently. His stomach felt bloated after eating. He didn’t tell his parents about this because he wanted to see a doctor after his exams Were 
over. 
Besides, his family wasn’t in a good financial state. He was worried that it could be a disease that was hard to cure, so he had been dragging it out. 
He just didn’t expect that his secret would be exposed by this fellow schoolmate of his, whom he had always looked down upon.
###chapter109
Chapter 109 Trending Live 
The boy hesitated. He reached out to unmute himself. His voice was a little hoarse. How did you know that my upper stomach hurts frequently?” 
“Damn! She guessed it right!” 
“I’m going to follow this streamer. She’s a genius!” 
Wynter tapped on the table and said casually, “Since we’re both schoolmates, we’ve learned about how to gauge a patient’s medical condition through watching, listening, and asking. I could tell what your condition is with just a glance. 
The bot was still hesitant. “My illness…” 
Wynter sounded professional. “It’s not stomach cancer. But I suggest you undergo treatment soon. Order less takeout and have light food that’s easier to digest. Also, don’t disregard your health because of your studies.” 
People were here to watch her look dumb, but everyone was shocked. 
The boy’s friend asked, “Bro, what’s going on? Did the girl not lie? Did you contract a 
disease?” 
friends from his dorm to watch the livestream He didn’t answer. He had invited his and see Wynter making a fool of herself. But now he felt somewhat guilty. “Thank you. I’ll get it treated today.” 
Wynter sounded natural. “You’re welcome. You can follow our page ‘the Empathy 
Clinic‘ as well.
“Empathy Clinic? Does she run a clinic in real life?” 
“There is such a place. I just looked it up, and it’s not far away from me!” 
Glancing at Wynter, he finished his sentence. “I won’t talk badly about you at school anymore.” After that, he hung up. 
Everyone still couldn’t comprehend what was going on when the platform 
notification came in, 
“Studylover123 has sent you some cash. 
Damn! He did reward her! It seems like this streamer is quite capable.” 
I feel like she’s a genius. It was as if we were watching a show.” 
“I feel the same. That guy from just now even said that they’re schoolmates.” 
Examining a single patient well wouldn’t mean much. The viewers were still waiting for her in the livestream. 
Wynter didn’t mind at all the comments that doubted her capability. She would only gain attention when people talked about her more. 
Raising an eyebrow, she looked at the list of the top livestreams on the platform. Her livestream was at the top of her area, but she was ranked eleventh in the global ranking list. 
This was incredible for a newcomer. Someone from the management team of the platform noticed her as well.
It was because Wynter’s data was too perfect. The management team even thought that it was their streamer that was going live now. 
The man from the management team checked it again and again before they were sure that she was a newcomer. His eyes widened with surprise! 
Logically speaking, new streamers wouldn’t be invited to collaborate or work with other agencies. But the management team had only one idea, and that was to invite 
her to work under them! 
He had a feeling that this streamer called “the Empathy Clinic” would become super 
popular! 
Wynter still didn’t know that the management team of the platform wanted to hire her. She merely clicked on the second viewer in the queue who had successfully 
connected to her mic. 
The screen on the right lit up, but only a hand could be seen. The person’s forearm 
was slender. It was as if she was adjusting the brightness of her phone. 
In the end, she finally had a good view of the viewer. She was probably still in 
elementary school. She had long hair, and her eyes seemed to be out of focus. 
“Why is there an elementary school kid here?” 
“She looks like she’s about eight, right?”
The young girl could see the comments, so she spoke politely, “I just turned six this year. I want to ask what I should do when my body hurts. 
Hearing that, everyone watching the livestream got nervous. Their hearts sank. Wynter stopped tapping on the table, and she looked up. 
The young girl didn’t realize that she said something strange. “I’m using my mom’s phone. She’s still asleep now. I can’t speak for long, but it just hurts so much.”
###chapter110
Chapter 110 A Special Patient 
Wynter Immediately took action and pixelated the young girl’s face. She then spoke clearly, “I hope everyone will respect others‘ privacy, especially children.” 
Alexandraking commented, “Don’t worry, we won’t screenshot this.” 
Dancewithpaula added, “That’s right. Please ask the child what’s wrong.” 
Everyone had a bad feeling. But Wynter didn’t continue. Looking at the comments, she said, “I’ll contact this patient in private. Please give me a moment.” 
Wynter turned off her mic to protect the patient’s privacy. With that, the number of viewers in the livestream grew more and more! It grew from 20 thousand to 60 thousand. She was famous! 
Though there was no sound in the livestream, nobody left. 
Wynter went to the private chat and contacted the young girl. “Hi there! When did you start feeling the pain? Do you remember what happened before you felt the pain? 
The young girl seemed to be trying to remember. “Yesterday, my uncle bought me a toy and coaxed me to sleep. Then he said he wanted to play a game with me and that I wasn’t allowed to tell my mom, 
“I listened to him. But the game wasn’t fun at all. It was painful for me after it’s over!” 
Wynter observed the expression on the girl’s face. Her eyes grew darker. “Is your mom by your side?” 
The girl nodded. “Yes.” 
With a smile, Wynter comforted her. “Can you tell me what’s your name?”
The girl grinned. “My name is Hope. My mom says that I bring hope to her life.” 
Wynter then adjusted the eamera and showed the girl her face. “Hope, there is so 
much love in your name. 
The girl widened her eyes. “You’re so pretty!” 
Wynter remained smiling. “You’re very pretty as well. Hope, could you wake your mom up? We have to let your mom know about your illness, or she’ll get worried.” 
The girl was hesitant. “But my uncle said that they’d fight if I told my mom about it. I don’t want them to fight, nor do I want my mom to be upset.” 
Some children were a little slower than the others, but that didn’t mean that they couldn’t understand anything. In fact, they were usually the most sensitive to adults‘ emotions. 
“What are you doing, Hope?” The owner of the phone seemed to have woken up. From her sleepy voice, it sounded like she was smiling. “You’re watching cartoons on my phone again, aren’t you?” 
Anxious, the girl was about to hang up. But before she could, Wynter spoke up. Hello, Madam.” 
“You” She then saw a woman in her early thirties appear on the screen. “Hope, who is this?” 
Wynter introduced herself. “I’m a doctor who’s doing a livestream.” 
Doctor? Livestream? The woman was still in a daze. “Sorry, maybe my daughter pressed something by accident.” 
Wynter sounded professional. “She accidentally clicked into my livestream. But I’m
glad that she did. Since you’re her mother, I think you need to hear this.” 
The woman looked at her daughter, who was in her arms and didn’t dare to meet her 
eyes. She then glanced at the beautiful lady on the screen again. “What happened?” 
Wynter didn’t answer her first. Instead, she stared at the young girl. “Hope, if you don’t tell your mom now, she’ll regret not finding out about this earlier. She’ll even 
blame this on herself. Before you grow up to become an adult, there are things you have to face together with your mom.” 
Hearing that, the woman’s face paled. She clutched onto the phone. “What’s going 
on? Tell me!”
###chapter111
Chapter 111 Trending Online 
Wynter looked the woman in the eye. “I suggest you bring Hope to the bathroom first. Don’t let her shower. We can talk about the rest later. 
The woman widened her eyes. Hugging her daughter, her hands were trembling. After a minute, she appeared in front of the camera again. Her eyes were red, but she didn’t cry. She was trying her best to control herself. 
“Hope, can you go over there and play with the puzzles by yourself now? I want to talk about something with this lady.” The woman coaxed the young girl and tried to smile, but it didn’t reach her eyes. 
Wynter then gave her some advice. “I think Hope should stay here. She’s more 
sensitive than other children. You’ll have a lot of things to do after this. If you ask her to stay away, she might feel even more anxious.” 
The woman lowered her gaze and looked at her daughter. The young girl wiped her mother’s ch*eks. “Mom, I want to stay here.” 
Hugging her tight, the woman was already crying. “It’s all my fault.” The young girl looked confused. 
Wynter spoke up. “Madam, you probably know who that person is.” 
There was nothing but resentment in the woman’s eyes. “I know. It’s him!” Nobody other than him had the chance to touch her daughter. 
It was she who didn’t know better. She wanted to give Hope a complete home. That’s why she went out with the man. The woman clenched her fists tightly. “I definitely won’t let him off!”
The young girl shivered a little. “Mom?” 
Wynter tried to stay calm. “Don’t be afraid, Hope. Your mom and I are about to fight a bad guy.” 
The young girl’s eyes lit up. “I want to fight a bad guy too!” 
Wynter smiled and said, “It’s already very brave of you to speak up about what 
happened. Because of your courage, we know who the bad guy was. He wor the chance to hurt other children now. 
The young girl finally smiled. “I did the right thing, right? Mom isn’t blaming me for 
this! 
With tears streaming down her face, the woman k*ssed her daughter. “Why would I blame you? I love you.” 
Watching them from on the screen, Wynter remained calm. “Madam, please remember what I’m about to say to you, and don’t mess up the steps.” 
The woman instantly sat up straight. “Please tell me.” At this moment, she felt nothing but gratitude and respect for Wynter. 
Wynter spoke professionally. “You should first lodge a police report, then ask the police to bring you and Hope to the forensic department to collect evidence. All of 
this has to be done within two hours.” 
The woman nodded. Wynter glanced at the room in the background. “If you have the man’s clothes in your wardrobe, check if his hair is anywhere on them. Bring it along.
to be scanned for DNA.” 
The woman answered with difficulty. “Sure.” 
Wynter calmly continued, “Before the results are out, don’t do anything impulsive. After the results are out, proceed with the standard criminal case procedure. Remember, this is a criminal case and not a civil case.” 
The woman hugged her daughter tightly. “I’ll do that.” 
Wynter then softened her tone. “I’ll download a copy of my conversation with Hope just now for you. This is so that we won’t hurt Hope by asking her questions. 
repeatedly. 
“After obtaining the evidence, bring Hope to the hospital immediately. Apart from the physical injuries, she’ll need a therapist as well. I’m suspecting that it has happened 
multiple times.” 
“Multiple times?” The woman shook her head. She couldn’t accept what happened at. 
all. 
Chapter 111 Trending Online 
But Wynter suddenly said, “It’s hard bringing up your child all by yourself, isn’t it?” Looking up, the woman stared at the young streamer on the screen.
Wynter smiled softly. “You have dark circles under your eyes. Hang in there. You have to protect Hope well from now on. And yourself too.” 
All of a sudden, the woman didn’t feel anxious anymore. It was as if she was 
energized. “I will.” 
Wynter checked the time. “You should go now. You seem to be in Southdale too. If 
you face any difficulties, you can look for me anytime. I’m at the Empathy Clinic in Waterview Alley.”
###chapter112
Chapter 112 A Whale 
“The Empathy Clinic. Ok. I’ll remember that!” The woman hung up hurriedly. She repeated to herself. “Call the police first, then get the evidence…” 
Time passed by slowly. The viewers in the livestream were getting anxious. 
“Can someone tell me what’s going on?” 
“The streamer isn’t here? What’s up with this?” 
“This streamer must be amazing. How could there be so many viewers still here when the streamer herself is not around? She’s ranked third in the trending list 
already!” 
As the popularity of this livestream soared, the management team of the platform 
started getting antsy. 
There were rules on the platform. If the streamer didn’t do anything for more than 20 minutes, she would be warned that her account would be blocked. This new streamer was so annoying! Why was she not back yet? 
Wynter only took notice of the two warning notifications from the platform after she was done settling the matter. 
“First warning: the system has detected this to be a fake account. 
“Please return to your live stream right now!”
Raising an eyebrow, Wynter moved the camera. The viewers in the livestream finally breathed a sigh of relief after seeing her screen brighten up. 
“Is the little girl okay?” 
“Tell us about what happened!” 
Even though it was something everyone wanted to know, Wynter didn’t answer their question. Instead, she looked into the camera and said, “To our new joiners, welcome to the livestream. Those who need medical advice can join the queue. Let’s proceed with our consultation.” 
Chapter 112 A Whore 
“Don’t proceed! Tell us about the young girl!” 
“That’s right! We’ve been waiting for so long. We weren’t waiting to get your medical 
consultation!” 
“I studied law. I agree with what the streamer is doing. If anything happened to the 
young girl, now’s the most important time to obtain evidence. It’s right to not 
continue to talk about this.” 
“I work in the legal industry as well. Maybe it’s just my imagination, but I feel that the 
streamer understands the legal procedures pretty well.” 
“This is a live stream related to medical consultation, why are you guys talking about 
the law now?”
Right then, there were animated flowers popping up on the screen suddenly. 
“VIP user DarkSplurger has joined the live stream.” 
The notification came with a special effect of raining flowers. They were huge and golden. The moment he joined the livestream, it attracted everyone’s attention. 
“Damn! The streamer must be good. She managed to attract a VIP user here!” 
Users had to spend at least a million dollars to earn the title of VIP user. A new streamer like her somehow managed to attract a whale here! Her commercial value would certainly be skyrocketing now! 
Of course, on top of VIP users were VVIP users. However, there were less than ten VVIP users on the whole platform. One of them was actually the owner of this 
platform. 
A new streamer like Wynter wouldn’t be noticed by a VVIP user. But even so, it was amazing enough that she could attract the attention of a VIP user. 
Besides, DarkSplurger sent five virtual fireworks consecutively the moment he joined 
the live stream. 
One round of fireworks cost–300 dollars. When he sent five rounds of fireworks together, the screen was instantly filled with special effects. 
Musicmania commented, “You’re so rich! Please look at my page!” 
Chaptec 117 A Whale
Moviemaven42 commented, “Isn’t this your first day doing a livestream? You’ve earned 1,500 dollars just from the gifts!” 
DarkSplurger finally commented, “Can’t believe my brother would add any random person on Instagram. Tell me, Wynter. How did you seduce my brother and even share your livestream with him?” 
The comments of VIP users were different from the others. DarkSplurger’s words were huge and in gold font. 
Musicmania00 commented, “This is breaking news! Please tell us more about it. I 
want to know!” 
Tech_geek added, “I want some tea!” 
Reading these comments, Wynter raised an eyebrow. She merely video–called DarkSplurger and added them to her livestream. 
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
Claim
###chapter113
Claim 
Chapter 113 Apologize 
The young and handsome man on the screen froze for a second. Then, he snorted proudly. His background was a huge study. Anyone could tell how rich he was from 
that. 
Moviemaven42 commented, “Wha- he’s so cute!” 
Single24forever added, “Look this way!” 
Wynter recognized who the person on camera was. She asked casually, “Are you 
Quinton from the Lopez family?” 
Tech_geek commented, “You don’t seem to be very excited. Do the two of you have a misunderstanding with each other?” 
You 
The young man snickered. “That’s me! Wynter, I’m telling you this. Stop wasting your time and energy. Compared to Yvette, you’re nothing. Not only could not marry into the Shepherd family, but you’re not welcomed by our family either. You don’t 
deserve it!” 
“Oh.” Wynter’s response was perfunctory. 
The young man’s m*uth was agape. His face started to turn red. “You better walk your talk. I-”
Wynter couldn’t be bothered to talk nonsense with him. “Where’s your brother?” 
It was as if Quinton had caught her weakness. He yelled out, “I told you that this woman is interested in you! Abel, come over here! She’s finally admitted it!” 
Abel was frustrated because he hadn’t been able to contact Wynter, who was their boss. He wasn’t bothered when he heard his brother calling him at first. It wasn’t until he saw the screen on Quinton’s phone that his jaw dropped. 
He couldn’t believe his eyes. “Wyn…ter?” For some reason, Abel found it hard to call her by her name. 
It was fine when he was still in the courtyard, but he couldn’t explain how her dominating aura would send shivers down his spine every time these days. 
Chapter 13 Apolugite 
Wynter grunted in response. Narrowing her eyes, she said playfully, “Your brother said that I’m interested in you and that I want to marry you.” 
Abel widened his eyes instantly. “How could he say such bullshit!” He immediately slapped the back of Quinton’s head. “Are you crazy?” 
Didn’t he know how evil Wynter was? How dare he spout nonsense like that! 
Quinton felt wronged. “Abel, I…” 
Wynter spoke slowly, “He even said that I’m not welcomed by the Lopez family.” 
“Wynter, give me a moment.” Abel lifted the phone and yelled, “Grandpa, come over!” 
Victor hadn’t been in a good mood lately. After the Gibson family was brought down,
he had been dealing with the mess in the hospital. 
At that moment, he was in his white coat with his glasses on. He walked over. He felt annoyed, even when he saw the two brothers. 
“What?” Victor squinted. 
Abel raised the phone high. “This is the Dr. Genius you talked about. Your grandson just said that she doesn’t deserve to be welcomed by the Lopez family.” 
“Bang!” This time, Quinton’s head was hit even harder! 
Victor was so old that his hair was already white, yet he hit his grandson with a lot of force. He nearly pulled his leg when he stretched it. “Get out of here! What did you learn from out there? Where are all the manners that I’ve taught you?” 
Quinton still wasn’t about to give up. He pointed at Wynter. “Her? A genius doctor? Grandpa, don’t you know that she’s the one who ranked last in your school?” 
“Bang!” Victor hit the back of his head again. “Apologize to Wynter now!” 
Pursing his l*ps, Quinton was unhappy. “Sorry.” Wynter didn’t mind it. She merely arched her eyebrow. 
Victor smiled at the camera: “Wynter, this child always says the worst things. Don’t mind him. I’ll cut his credit card off later. Wait, what’s this?” 
Wynter didn’t expect that such an event would happen with the Lopez family as well. 
Chapter 111 Apologize 
She hesitated for a while before she said, “I’m doing a livestream, Mr. Lopez.”
“Ah, a livestream. Young people like you are indeed creative. We should spread more medical knowledge among people. It’s best to have everyone know how to do first. aid–Wait a second.” Victor froze. “Can…can all your viewers see me now?”
###chapter114
Chapter 114 An Interesting Live Stream 
Before Wynter could answer, the people in the comment section were already 
laughing. 
Honeymelon23 commented, “That’s right, Mr. Lopez. We can all see you!” 
Sleepyhuman added, “What an interesting livestream, hahaha! This is fun!” 
Foodie_explorer said, “Who would expect that we’d get to see Mr. Lopez in this 
livestream?” 
Tasha_jordan commented, “He’s probably not just the president of the college. He’s a 
medical elite!” 
Fishinwater asked, “Medical elite?” 
Tasha_jordan explained, “He’s the head of the neurology department at Henderson Hospital. He’s a true professional. You guys can look him up.” 
Angry2bird said, “I just looked him up! Damn, this is insane! His schedule is so full that one can only make an appointment with him next year!” 
Foodie_explorer replied, “Now you understand how I feel, don’t you?” 
Slimeball11 said, “Didn’t you say that the streamer is just a scammer? Even the president calls her a genius!” 
Foodie_explorer answered, “That’s why I feel so humbled now!”
The netizens who joined the livestream at first thought that she was just a newbie here who was putting on an act to gain popularity. 
Now that Victor showed up, the livestream became so trendy that it was suggested on the main page of the platform! More people joined the livestream to consult her. Apart from that, many sent her gifts. 
Victor slowly got used to the atmosphere of the livestream. But most of his attention was placed on Wynter “Wynter, I have a very rare medical case that happened very recently. If you’re interested, you can come to our hospital and have a look.” 
Chapter 14 An interesy Live Stream 
114/ 
Wynter responded naturally. “I’ve been busy with the reopening of the clinic. I’ll visit the hospital soon.” 
Quinton instantly stood up. “Who do you think you are? How dare you turn him down- Mm!” Abel covered his m*uth. The comment sections were filled with laughter. 
Victor hit the roof. “Get him out of here.” Didn’t he know how hard it was for Dr. 
Genius to visit the hospital? What a st*pid kid! 
Victor took a deep breath. “Wynter, I didn’t raise him well. I’m sorry. I’ll give that brat a good lesson later.” 
With a smile, Wynter said, “It’s okay. You’ve helped my grandma out before. I will 
forever remember that.” 
Victor looked touched. “Your grandma is lucky to have you by her side. But why did I
hear from Abel that your grandma doesn’t know that you’re a doctor?” 
Wynter simply replied, “She’ll find out soon enough. Since we’re reopening the 
Empathy Clinic, I believe we’ll have many visitors. 
As she spoke, she didn’t forget about her viewers. “Thank you for joining our 
livestream. Our free consultation today has come to an end. If there’s anyone who 
wants to get a consultation, feel free to visit the Empathy Clinic at Waterview Alley.” 
Hopefulmilly asked, “Are you at the Empathy Clinic as well?” 
Wynter responded, “Of course. 
Alphawoman commented, ‘Ah, I just searched the location. It’s not in our city.” 
Wynter replied, “Thank you for your attention earlier. Those who are not in this city can request an online medical consultation. I’ll be having a livestream at 9:30 a.m. every morning at the Empathy Clinic. It will last for an hour and a half. I’ll take my 
leave now.” 
The user Hopefulmilly said, “It’s only one hour and a half! This is so short!” 
Single24forever chimed in, “You’re ending the livestream already? I want to see you 
more!” 
Tasha_jordan added, “That’s right! Can’t you stay here for longer? We’re just getting
into it!” 
Loverboy22 stated, “We’ll send you another round of gifts! Just stay for another half 
an hour!” 
Wynter said casually, “Apologies, I don’t have much time. I have to teach my 
grandma about doing a livestream.” 
Hopefulmilly said, “Are you saying that someone else will be doing the livestream 
tomorrow?” 
Sweetbarbie commented, “Huh, but I just want to watch you on this livestream!” 
Wynter was unfazed. “Me and my grandma would be here. My grandma has better medical skills than I do. We’ll still be picking three viewers for a free consultation. 
See you tomorrow.” 
Wynter and Victor were just about to go offline. Out of nowhere, a stream of stars appeared on the screen. 
Foodle_explorer stated, “What did I just see? That’s a VVIP user!”
###chapter115
Chapter 115 Wynter Grew Popular 
The user musicmania00 commented, “Damn, it’s actually a VVIP!” 
Dalton was in Petersville, Emstia. After he was done with his meeting, Dalton sat on the couch with his long legs stretched out. 
He loosened his tie with one hand and held his phone with the other. It was as if he was browsing through the news. 
Compared to how he was in Southdale, he appeared more rugged and lazy. It was combined with the air of novelty he exuded. That made Max terrified of saying 
anything as he followed Dalton into the room. 
Meanwhile, Ethan noticed that Dalton’s phone screen had turned dark. He said considerately, “Perhaps Dr. Genius didn’t see you.” 
Dalton looked up a little. His eyes were dark. Ethan shivered. “If you want to send some gifts to Dr. Genius, you can do that tomorrow.” 
Only then did Dalton put his phone away. He looked at Max. “You can continue.” 
Max then heaved a sigh of relief. With a trembling voice, he reported to Dalton about 
work. He was scared that he’d be gotten rid of by Dalton too. 
On the other hand, Wynter was in Waterview Alley, Southdale. She did see the two comments popping up. But that didn’t stop her from ending her livestream. 
She was satisfied with the results of her livestream. She gained 60 thousand fans
just from this one livestream. 
This platform was popular after all. Her livestream was spread around really quickly. 
It meant that she could give Margaret a surprise. 
Wynter checked her private inbox and was about to cash out the money. “Ding!” She 
received a notification from the platform again. 
Mod007 had texted her, “I finally get the chance to talk to you.” 
Wynter answered, “Hello.” 
Mod007 replied, “Hello, I’m from the management team of this platform. You can 
contact me if you don’t know certain things about streaming. It would prevent your 
account from being frozen, like just now.” 
Wynter said, “Alright, thanks. Got it.” 
Mod007 asked, “You seem to have not joined any agency yet. Do you want to work 
as a streamer through our platform?” 
Wynter stated, “I thought popular platforms like yours would only hire famous. streamers, right?” 
Mod007 replied, “Your results are impressive. I have high hopes for you. You’re going 
to make it big!” 
Wynter thought about it. “Let me think through this.”
Mod007 then said, “I’ll wait for your reply then. Meanwhile, let me send you the platform’s guidelines and the benefits of working as our streamer. You can have a 
look at them.” 
Before Wynter could reply, he had sent over three documents. 
“Prohibited Words for Streamers. You are not allowed to mention…” 
“Streamer’s Attire. You are not allowed to wear over–exposing…” 
All the documents were lengthy. Wynter was too lazy to read everything. After just glancing over the documents, she signed them. 
Although she had left her livestream, the title “The Empathy Clinic” was still trending. 
Since they couldn’t watch the livestream anymore, the netizens left comments under the official account of “the Empathy Clinic“. 
“You left too early! A VVIP user joined your live stream!” 
“What a shame. She didn’t manage to collect all those gifts and money!” 
“I’ve followed your account. I’ll be waiting for your livestream tomorrow!” 
“I’m here to check out the rumored genius doctor. Is she reliable?” 
“Yes! I watched the livestream. She’s amazing! She could tell what sort of illness the patient has just by connecting with them via video call!” 
“I heard that Mr. Lopez would be joining as well. I want to ask if he could make the
questions for our postgraduate entrance exam easier.” 
Gradually, people weren’t bothered by who that VVIP user was anymore. They only 
cared about when “the Empathy Clinic” would have their next livestream and where 
exactly this clinic was. 
The management team on this platform had never witnessed such a phenomenon 
before. Her popularity was still growing even after she ended the livestream. 
Not only that, but many people cut and edited the livestream and posted it online. again. There were countless discussions on the topic “the Empathy Clinic“. Although this was just a small segment on this huge platform, the account’s popularity was skyrocketing! 
At that moment, Wynter was taking her time to stow away her equipment for 
streaming. 
Susan raised her phone high. “Wynter, look! Aren’t they talking about your grandma’s clinic, the Empathy Clinic?” 
Wynter was just about to answer before a voice filled with disdain could be heard.
###chapter116
Chapter 116 Picking a Fight
“What a narrow and dirty alley! It’s so impoverished here!” The one speaking was none other than Fiona, whom Wynter had met at the hotel.
She was holding a rich young lady who had her l*ps pursed. “Ms. Naomi, you didn’t have to come here yourself. How could there be a genius doctor in such a horrible environment?”
“Aunt Fiona, stop saying that.” Naomi was wearing a long dress, Walking along the asphalt road in her heels was indeed inconvenient. “I’m just doing this to show some respect for Mr. Lloyd.”
Fiona sighed. “Ms. Naomi, you’re the adoptive daughter of the Quinnwell family. All the shares in the company will be yours in the future. Do you have to care about a manager like him?”
“Aunt Fiona.” Naomi frowned a little. She stopped Fiona from saying anything more. I have brothers at home. The company should be theirs.”
Fiona realized that she had spoken too much as well. She looked at the bodyguards who were following them nearby. “That’s right. I shouldn’t have said that!” As she said that, she hit herself.
Holding the hem of her dress with one hand, Naomi wiped away her sweat with a wet towel in her other. “Ask someone where the genius doctor lives.”
“Sure.” Fiona made a turn at the next corner. She was about to knock on the door
when she saw Wynter standing in front of the neighboring place. She was beautiful. Holding a tripod stand, Wynter glanced at Fiona nonchalantly.
No matter how many times Fiona had seen Wynter, she couldn’t bring herself to like this young lady. It was as if she could see through anyone that was in front of her.
What an evil one!
Naomi saw Wynter as well. She stopped walking for a moment before heading toward Wynter.
“Wynter, she’s… here to see you?” Susan, who was holding a grocery basket, was stunned as she watched Naomi. “How much would those shiny accessories all over her body cost? They’re shimmering.”
Wynter smiled without a word. She didn’t stop packing away her equipment. Naomi approached her. The scent from her body was evident. In fact, it was so strong that it made Wynter stop doing what she was doing. She raised an eyebrow.
She then glanced at Susan, who was standing off to the side. She was just admiring and envying Naomi as if she didn’t even smell anything.
Wynter furrowed her brows. She then thought about something and became intrigued. She met Naomi’s eyes.
Naomi’s tone was cold and distant. She continued, “Aunt Fiona offended you last time when we were at the hotel. I came here this time in hopes that you’ll carry out your treatment for the Quinnell family like usual so that my grandpa’s medical condition won’t be affected.”
As she spoke, she glanced back. The bodyguards brought countless boxes of gifts over.
Fiona glanced at the storefront sign for the clinic. “You guys don’t seem to be in a good financial situation, so you probably need these. There are herbs and jewelry inside. There’s cash in the box too. Aunt Fiona, you can move all of those things into her place.”
She was sure that Wynter would not turn them down. Fiona snorted and was about to move.
Since Wynter was holding a tripod stand, she couldn’t stop them. Coldly, she called out, “Wolf.”
The bodyguards didn’t even have time to react when someone appeared out of nowhere. He wasn’t tall and hadn’t hit puberty yet. He was wearing a lab coat and had a piece of toast in between his l*ps.
He stared at the group expressionlessly. Although he looked young, his ferocious eyes reminded them of the beast they had bumped into in the forest. Instinctively, the bodyguards stopped.
Fiona was the only one who kept walking forward. “What are you trying to do here? Even Ms. Fiona came all the way here to send you some gifts. But you’re not appreciating it! There was nothing but disdain on her face. They weren’t here to apologize.
Narrowing his eyes, Wolf clenched his fists. He glanced at Wynter. Seeing that Wynter didn’t stop him, he grabbed Fiona’s collar and lifted her!
###chapter117
The Heiress’ Return: Six Brothers at Her Beck and Call Novel Chapter 117 
Chapter 118 Her Connections 
Wolf had a lot of secrets. For example, he had an exceptional sense of smell. Hel 
could detect odors that people normally couldn’t. If Wolf said that it smelled bad, it 
had to have something to do with poison. 
Wynter tapped on the tripod absentmindedly. She was contemplating if she should tell Dalton that the herbal smell in his study smelled exactly the same as the scent on 
Naomi. The thought flashed across her mind briefly. 
Margaret then called out to her, “Wynter, is what Susan said true? Has our Empathy 
Clinic become famous?” 
Wynter didn’t even have to answer that question. Neighbors started flooding in throughout the afternoon. They surrounded Margaret and asked her about lots of 
things. 
What happened in Wynter’s livestream was still a hot topic. Wynter’s Instagram post 
was reposted by Dom from Harmony Community. 
Someone asked, “Mr. Fisher, who is this?” 
He replied, “Just a friend who wants to make medical treatment accessible to
everyone.” 
His action was outrageous. People from different departments all exchanged glances. Should they forward this post or not? 
Patrick Tatum had always had a grudge against Dom. He wanted to take the chance 
to give Dom a lecture. 
Patrick said, “Dom, you shouldn’t forward a post from your personal connection with your work account. It won’t look good on us.” 
To everyone’s surprise, the moment after he reposted this, Jackson appeared in the 
comment section. 
He commented, “Dom did a great job. You should create a group chat later and tell us more about where this friend of yours does her livestream.” 
Chapter 118 Her Connections 
Wolf had a lot of secrets. For example, he had an exceptional sense of smell. He 
could detect odors that people normally couldn’t. If Wolf said that it smelled bad, it 
had to have something to do with poison. 
Wynter tapped on the tripod absentmindedly. She was contemplating if she should tell Dalton that the herbal smell in his study smelled exactly the same as the scent on Naomi. The thought flashed across her mind briefly. 
Margaret then called out to her, “Wynter, is what Susan said true? Has our Empathy
Clinic become famous?” 
Wynter didn’t even have to answer that question. Neighbors started flooding in throughout the afternoon. They surrounded Margaret and asked her about lots of 
things. 
What happened in Wynter’s livestream was still a hot topic. Wynter’s Instagram post was reposted by Dom from Harmony Community. 
Someone asked, “Mr. Fisher, who is this?” 
He replied, “Just a friend who wants to make medical treatment accessible to 
everyone.” 
His action was outrageous. People from different departments all exchanged glances. Should they forward this post or not? 
Patrick Tatum had always had a grudge against Dom. He wanted to take the chance. 
to give Dom a lecture. 
Patrick said, “Dom, you shouldn’t forward a post from your personal connection with 
your work account. It won’t look good on us.” 
To everyone’s surprise, the moment after he reposted this, Jackson appeared in the 
comment section. 
He commented, “Dom did a great job. You should create a group chat later and tell
us more about where this friend of yours does her livestream.” 
Patrick was confused. Was Jackson being himself when he said that? Instead of calling Dom out, he actually encouraged Dom! 
However, it wasn’t just Jackson. Even Drew, who always had a bad temper, complimented this. 
He commented, “This is something that has touched many of our hearts. We should 
share it with more people.” 
Patrick said, “Mr. Blackwell, she-” 
Drew replied, “Do you have any thoughts about this, Patrick? Alright, you can tell us. 
Let us hear it.” 
Patrick instantly deleted his comment! He had nothing to say about this. That was because Dom’s post made all the cadres, who had retired, press the like button. 
Dom clearly didn’t have a strong family background, just like Patrick. But Dom was just holding a teapot and glancing at Patrick. He smiled politely. 
Patrick reached out to grab his hand. “Tell me, what’s going on!” 
Dom didn’t hide anything. He told Patrick everything about Wynter that was necessary for the context. After that, he even sighed. “I knew that anything related to Dr. Genius would bring me luck!” 
Patrick didn’t believe it. “Is she actually so amazing? She’s better at this than the Shepherd family?”
Dom sipped his tea. “The Shepherd family you’re talking about looks down on normal civilians. But Dr. Genius is different. She provides medical consultation to anyone. 
and only asks for an appropriate fees.” 
Patrick was unbothered. “That’s all?” 
Dom shook his head. “Patrick, you’re just like me from three months ago. You’re still 
young!” 
His first impression of 
was that she was pretty and cool. He thought that she 
wouldn’t be friendly and was just a dropout. 
It wasn’t just her medical skills that would make all those cadres so eager to do 
Chapter 118 Her Connections 
things for her. The most important part was who this genius doctor herself was. Just as he thought about it, his phone rang. 
It was Jackson. “Dommie, tell us why was Wynter’s livestream all black? I heard from Drew that we can send her gifts, how do we do that?” 
Patrick was right beside him. When he heard those words, he trembled in fear. Her was imagining a few verified whales sending gifts in the same livestream together.
###chapter118
Chapter 119 Another Identity 
That would be published in the news for sure! They must not do that! 
Dom quickly said, “Mr. Munn, Dr. Genius emphasized that she wouldn’t ask for money to give you guys medical treatment, so please don’t send her any gifts on her live streams. You know that she enjoys having a low profile and doesn’t want others 
to take notice of her. 
Jackson thought about it carefully. “Dommie, that’s very thoughtful of you. Alright, 
we got it. We’ll just watch her livestream without doing anything.” 
Patrick managed their publicity team, so he suggested, “It’s better to not watch the livestream with your official accounts.” 
Jackson recognized his voice. “Pat.” 
Patrick responded, “I’m here, Mr. Munn.” 
Although he wasn’t angry, Jackson’s voice carried a sense of authority. “We 
shouldn’t judge a book by its cover. You should know about what happened with the Gibsons, I don’t want to delve into it. As for the Shepherd family, you should stay 
away from them.” 
Patrick broke out into a cold sweat. “Mr. Munn, I really have no relations with them at
all!” 
Jackson then hid his assertiveness. “As long as you know that. We do need the publicity team to attract the talented ones for the city reconstruction. But we have to 
be realistic about that too. 
Patrick wiped the sweat off his brow. “Yes, sir!” 
Jackson laughed and said “Alright, I won’t distract you guys from work then. We’ll watch the livestream not with our official accounts. We won’t become a burden to 
you guys. 
“But there’s one thing you should know. Wynter is a great person. She didn’t want to leave the neighborhood for work back then. 
Another identity 
“And she’s now probably doing all of this because of her grandma too. Her talent is obvious. If you guys ever come across people who envy or trouble her…” 
“Don’t worry, it won’t happen!” Patrick instantly stood up straight. “We’ll certainly place great importance on the talented ones in Southdale!” Only then did they end 
the call. 
Patrick heaved a sigh of relief. He looked at Dom. “About this genius doctor-”
“She’s amazing.” Dom then told him what happened. “Didn’t the people in the hospital have a hard time extracting the bullet out of Mr. Munn back then?” 
Patrick was shocked. “You’re saying that it was her who did it?” 
“That’s right. The genius doctor managed to do it.” Grinning, Dom said, “She saved his life, don’t you think that’s incredible? The most admirable part is that she has. never asked for anything after finding out about Jackson’s identity.” 
Patrick thought about it. “Do you think that’s a good thing?” 
Dom raised an eyebrow. “I know what you’re thinking. You feel that the more she asks, the more manipulative she could be, right?” 
Patrick was careful. “I won’t rule out that possibility.” 
Dom placed the teacup to the side. “I thought so too at the start. It was only after that I found out that geniuses are like that. Treating patients just happens to be something she enjoys, and that’s all. No matter who Jackson is, he’s just a patient in 
her eyes.” 
Patrick laughed. “After hearing all of that, I want to see Dr. Genius myself soon.” That’s right, who wouldn’t want to get acquainted with Dr. Genius? 
Dom thought that the Yates family was an exception to that. Different from other young people, Wynter had indeed garnered affection from the older generation. 
Fabian, who had been living a quiet life, was looking at the news which Ryan brought to him. He frowned. “Does that family still not want to disclose the little princess‘
information?” 
Ruan held the paper. “I don’t know what happened behind the scenes. It’s as if 
they’re under someone’s Instructions. They promised to come and see you back then 
after all.” 
When Fabian stood up, he felt dizzy. Ryan quickly went to support him. “Mr. Quinnell!” 
I’m okay.” Fabian steadied himself. Scanning through their vague reply, he said, “The little princess must still be alive. We’ll continue looking for her. As for the couple who bought her, look into what plans they have in their life. The Quinnell family will satisfy them as long as it’s not too much.” 
Ryan lowered his gaze. “Mr. Quinnell, we actually have a way to find Ms. Quinnell,” 
Fabian looked at him. “What is it?” 
Ryan said, “Mr. Quinnell, you’ve probably heard of the Dark Web Alliance…”
###chapter119
Chapter 120 Founder of the Dark Web Alliance 
Fabian was holding the dragon cane. “It’s not easy to find them. After fighting the 
battle back then, they’re now under the command of the highest level of leadership. 
“They have appeared again in the past few months.” Ryan lowered his voice. “I heard that their boss has decided to do business in a semi–private setting.” 
Fabian’s eyes were twinkling. “Go handle this matter. As long as they can find the little princess, our family will be willing to pay them any amount.” 
This was an old man’s hope in being able to find his granddaughter, wishing that she 
could return to their family. 
When Wynter received such news, she raised an eyebrow. It was communicated by 
the representative of the Welkin Corporation. 
Gregory was still talking. “Boss, should we help them out?” 
Wynter was wearing wireless earphones. She was in the alley when she smiled. “I was just warned by someone to not provide the Quinnwell family with any services.” 
Gregory exclaimed in shock. “Who said that?” 
Unbothered, Wynter turned her teacup 
can do it if you want to.” 
“You’re in charge of the dark web now. You
Gregory broke out in a cold sweat. “Boss, you’re the one who founded the Dark Web Alliance. You’ll always be our boss. Even Wolf is on your side now. He’ll only listen to 
you.” 
Wynter glanced at Wolf. “He’s suffering from a brain injury and can’t remember certain things. But that’s okay. If you need him, I’ll lend him to you.” 
Terrified, Gregory waved frantically. “No no no. Boss, he should stay by your side. It 
can’t afford to have him wrecking my place.” 
Wynter grunted in response. She then stopped speaking. 
Gregory asked carefully, “Boss, when will you head back to Kingbourne? Your old friends are there waiting for you.” 
Placing the teacup down, Wynter looked at the people rushing into the hospital one 
after another. “Soon.” 
Gregory lowered his voice. “Did you just start streaming? Larry came across your livestream. Although you didn’t show your face, he had a feeling that it was you. He 
wanted to go to Southdale and bring you back.” 
Wynter was unfazed. “Seems like my livestream is pretty good. Even you guys could 
come across it when you’re in Kingbourne.” 
Smiling, Gregory said, “Your medical skills are exceptional. Because you’re in a small
town like Southdale, nobody would imagine that you’re Dr. Miracle.” 
Winter filled the cup with hot water. “Alright, I have something to do here. When Larry comes, tell him to maintain a low profile. Grandma is old already and can’t 
withstand shock.” 
Gregory touched his necktie. “I’m afraid that’s too late. You should know what kind of man Larry was. He’s always been a show–off.” 
“He is indeed.” Wynter suddenly noticed what was on TV in the corner of the clinic. 
It was a business interview at Southdale. All the presidents of companies in 
Southdale were there. There were a few cadres as well. 
The reporter asked with a smile, “I heard that you intend to place investments in 
Southdale. Is that true, Mr. Hilton?” 
Larry appeared to be in his forties. He looked energized in his suit, exuding the aurat of a businessman. Having a cigar dangling from his m*uth perfectly matched his 
status as a coal tycoon. 
“I’ve always been optimistic about the development of Southdale, especially when the younger generation here comes up with ideas.” 
The reporter was puzzled. What did that have to do with the ideas of the younger 
generation?
But Larry continued his praise. “For example, the pharmaceutical industry in Southdale is heading in a great direction, specifically the younger ones who are 
working in this industry.” 
The reporter then realized what was going on and smiled. “You’re talking about the son of the famous medical family, the Shepherds, right? He is extremely capable 
indeed. I heard that he’s only in his second year of college. He really does have a 
bright future ahead.” 
Larry frowned. “Who are you talking about? Sorry, I don’t know him.” 
Larry was referring to their boss! He didn’t even know her name yet. Only that old man, Gregory, knew her name. Yet, he didn’t want to tell Larry! 
The reason why he attended this interview was to make sure that their boss knew he was there, and so that the boss would come and meet him. What Shepherd family were these people talking about? What if their boss misunderstood?
###chapter120
Chapter 121 A Boyfriend 
Anyone could tell that Larry looked upset. The reporter was confused, and the rest 
felt awkward. 
This was especially the case for the Shepherds, who came to accompany him. They had always been the face of Southdale. Whenever there was a huge event with 
people from outside the city, Charlie would always be the center of attention. 
But Mr. Hilton, who was from Kingbourne, came and showed the Shepherd family 
who was the boss here. 
Being the second–in–command of the Welkin Corporation, he was an important investor whom everyone in the industry had to please. Even the Shepherd family had 
no choice but to swallow their pride! 
In the alley, Susan saw the scene on TV as well. She smiled happily. “Another 
important man came here this time. If not, the Shepherd family wouldn’t have put on 
a smile in that situation.” 
Wynter hung up. She was surprised. “Do you know the Shepherds?” 
“Not really, but I’m close with your grandma.” Susan said grumpily, “Nobody in that family is kindhearted. But Wynter, I remember that you’re engaged to the eldest grandson of their family, aren’t you?“”
Only then did Wynter remember how they canceled the engagement right in front of 
everyone. “Not anymore.” 
“Not anymore?” Susan was mad. “They really don’t walk their talk, do they? They’re just bullying you guys because they think that Margaret isn’t doing well now! I have to ask my daughter to avenge you!” 
Wynter pulled her back. She sounded helpless, but she found it funny. “Aunt Susan, I really don’t like that ugly man from the Shepherd family.” 
Susan was suspicious./Really? Didn’t you want to marry him when you were in middle school? You even said that he saved your life before.” 
Did that happen? Wynter was patient. “I was too immature back then. I’ve forgotten 
about it. 
“Did you really forget it or do you just not want your grandma to worry for you?” 
Margaret had just treated a patient. She was in great spirits. When she heard what Wynter said, she appeared guilty. “Did the Shepherd family cancel the engagement 
because of an old hag like me?” 
Wynter stepped forward to hold her hand. “Grandma, you’re overthinking again. The Shepherd family just doesn’t think I’m worthy enough. It has nothing to do with you.” 
Margaret became even angrier. “How dare they think that way!” 
Wynter helped her sit down. She gave her a reason. “Perhaps it’s because of my family background?”
Margaret caressed her face. “In the end, it’s all just because of how useless and old I am now. Wynter. don’t worry. If I speak up, the Shepherds will still have to carry out the engagement. You and Charlie can still have a chance to be together.” 
“Grandma, listen to me.” Wynter saw how Margaret had teared up. She knew that Margaret would certainly blame herself for this if she couldn’t come up with a good explanation. She raised her eyebrow. “It was indeed hard for me to forget about what happened. But I got better after having a boyfriend.” 
As expected, it caught Margaret’s attention. “A boyfriend!” 
Susan exclaimed in surprise, “You’re talking about that handsome friend of yours, aren’t you?” 
“That’s him! Great! He’s a good person. Although he’s weak, he’s steady and handsome.” Margaret looked satisfied and proud. Lifting her head, she asked, ” Wynter, is that who you’re talking about?” 
Wynter couldn’t catch up with the two old ladies anymore. She was a little hesitant. 
Uh…” 
Margaret lowered her gaze. “I know you’re lying to me after all.” What! She’d have to say yes even if it wasn’t true now! 
Wynter chuckled. “It’s him.” 
Margaret was overjoyed. Really? 
Wynter wiped Margaret’s hands for her. “When did I ever lie to you?” 
Margaret’s smile grew wider. “I knew it from the way you look at him. So he’s your boyfriend after all.”
Wynter couldn’t tell her that it was because he paid her a lot. 
Margaret asked further, “Why has he not been visiting these days then? Shouldn’t young couples who just got together stick with each other every day?” 
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Furring Out
###chapter121
Chapter 122 Who Made Mr. Yarwood Stop the Meeting 
Wynter remained calm. “He’s on a business trip.” 
At that moment, Susan turned into an ally. “Mrs. Yates Senior, I can testify that Wynter isn’t lying to you about this. I saw him get into a fancy car with my own eyes! It has to cost at least six million dollars!” 
Wynter hadn’t made the connection between the Maybeck and six million dollars. She was currently typing out a text message to her incredibly attractive patient. The message was simple. 
“I need to borrow you for a while.” 
“Handsome Patient” replied almost instantly with, “” 
Wynter then replied, “I’ll explain later.” 
Handsome Patient texted back, “Okay.” 
Now that she had permission, Wynter felt at ease. 
Still, Margaret was concerned. “He seems to come from such a good background… Wynter, what if he mistreats- 
“He listens to me,” Wynter cut in curtly. 
Margaret was elated. “That’s great! That’s really great!” Only then did Wynter let out a 
sigh of relief. 
Margaret then continued, “But why can’t I help but feel like something is off? How long have you known each other?”
Wynter said without batting an eye, “He fell for me at first sight.” 
Susan clapped her hands together. “That makes perfect sense. Look at our Wynter’s beauty. Who wouldn’t fall for her?” 
But Margaret wasn’t so easy to bluff. “I’ve never seen him look for you.” 
Wynter waved her phone. “We talk online.” 
Susan added, “I know! You and him video call each other, right? That’s what all young couples do these days!” 
Wynter smiled minutely, thinking to herself, “Aunt Susan, keep going.” 
Margeret pondered it for a moment. “Then give him a video call now.” 
This caught her off guard. Wynter thought of a stalling tactic. “Let me ask if he’s free.” 
Margaret nodded along with Susan. Their eyes were filled with anticipation. 
Wynter typed out a text, “Can you take a video call right now?” She added a smiley emoji, hoping he would pick up on it. 
When he saw the emoji, he knew that she wanted him to reject her. It was settled. then. He was not going to follow her plan. 
Handsome Patient replied, “Sure.” 
Margaret was overjoyed. “He said yes!” 
Wynter never thought that things would go south!
“Wynter, call him!” Susan urged. 
Wynter was speechless. Fine. She was going to call him. After all, he was the one who agreed. She pressed the video call button. Soon, the call connected, and ant image appeared on her screen. 
It was a man wearing a dark suit sitting in a leather chair. A pair of gold–rimmed glasses sat on his nose. His gaze was piercing. It looked intellectual, but also 
sensual. 
He was graceful and handsome in a way she couldn’t describe. There was a giant projector screen behind him and a floor–to–ceiling window to his right. 
It looked like he was 
in the penthouse of a skyscraper. She could even see the financial district’s landmarks outside the window. 
“Are you in a meeting?” Wynter cocked an eyebrow. “I’ll call you back then.” 
Dalton’s elegant face appeared on the screen. He said with amusement in his voice,” No need. I happen to be taking a break.” 
Taking a break? The other people in the conference room didn’t so much as dare to make a loud noise. Still, they were very grateful to the caller. She had saved their 
asses! 
Before this call came in, they were all on edge, unsure of whether they were going to 
be their boss‘ next victim.
Dalton’s gaze swept over the people around the table. The look in his eyes was enough to make the branch managers silently pack up their things and leave… 
However, they still wondered who this caller was. Who had enough charm to make Dalton’s gaze soften like that? 
“It’s not a bother at all. My colleagues have left.” 
Before the door shut completely, the others could still faintly hear his deep, 
melodious voice. Max even wondered whether his boss had been possessed. What a terrifying mystical force! 
Dalton got up from his leather chair, revealing his black slacks and black shirt. His collar was slightly undone. Through the screen, he appeared even more aloof and handsome to Wynter. “Well, what is it?”
###chapter122
Chapter 123 Yes, We’re Dating 
Wynter smiled faintly. “Grandma is asking what you like to eat. When you come back, she’ll cook it for you.” 
Dalton sensed that something was different about the genius doctor today.” 
Grandma?” 
Wynter’s gaze didn’t even flicker. “Grandma is right next to me, 
Having been called out, Margaret suddenly felt embarrassed. She rubbed her nose. and mumbled, “I was just worried that you were bluffing me. 
Wynter smiled. “Now do you believe me?” 
Margaret nodded, beaming. Everyone always said that the third son of the Yarwoods 
was the cleverest, and it was true. 
When Dalton heard that, his l*ps curled into a smile. “Grandma, what did she bluff your about?” He didn’t call her by her last name. Instead, he called her “Grandma“, just like 
Wynter. 
Margaret was even more taken aback. “I was overthinking. Wynter said that you two were dating, but I didn’t believe her.” 
“Dating…” Dalton drawled as his gaze fell on Wynter’s beautiful face. Interest 
flickered in his eyes.
“Isn’t that right?” Margaret asked in confusion. 
Just as Wynter opened her m*uth to respond, Dalton chuckled lowly and said, “Yes, we’re dating. Finally, she has stopped hiding me. She said that we’re still in the early phases of our relationship and asked me not to tell anyone.” 
This lie was getting out of control. Wynter raised an eyebrow. 
Margaret was appalled. “Wynter, you shouldn’t do that. How could you keep your boyfriend hidden? If you’re dating, then you should be open about it.” 
Dalton coughed lightly. He blinked coyly, and his voice grew huskier. “She just wanted to focus on her studies so that you wouldn’t worry about her.” 
Margaret couldn’t bear to see him like that. She said comfortingly, “Since Wynter is dating you, I’m not worried. You two should date normally. I’m not an old stick–in–the- 
mud. 
That made Dalton look up and smile. “Now that you’ve said that, I feel more at ease, 
Grandma.” 
Wynter was at a loss for words. “Grandma, let me talk to him.” If she continued letting him make things up, it was going to be difficult to fix it in the future. 
However, Susan seemed to be enjoying their relationship a little too much. “The lovebirds want to talk privately.” Margaret nodded cheerfully. 
Wynter looked at the phone and said helplessly, “Whatever. We’ll talk when you get 
back.”
“Alright,” Dalton’s eyes were, unusually, filled with emotion, and his pleasant voice. was laced with amusement, “girlfriend.” 
It was completely unnecessary to call her that. Wynter hung up and turned to Margaret’s smiling face. “Now you feel relieved, don’t you?” 
“Yes!” Margaret then said to Susan in a giddy tone, “That guy is better looking than the Shepherd boy.” 
Susan agreed. “Not only is he better looking, his aura is just different.” It seemed like those two women were too busy to pay attention to Wynter anymore. 
She walked out of the clinic casually while typing on her phone with one hand.” 
Thanks for just now.” 
Handsome Patient replied, “Family is always pressuring us to get married. I get it.” 
Wynter was in the midst of typing, “Your acting was way too believable” when she 
received another text. 
“Wait for me to come back. 
When Wynter saw this, she deleted her message. 
“Okay.” 
Chanepiry 
Overseas, Dalton looked at the text he received. His typically dark eyes were now swirling with another set of emotions.
When Ethan walked in, he had a feeling that his boss was in a great mood. “Sir, the 
car is ready.” 
Dalton grunted in response. As he put away his phone, he thought of something. Have someone design several haute couture pieces.” 
“Huh? Haute couture? Do you mean gowns, sir?” This was unprecedented! Ethan was shocked. 
Dalton’s gaze was indifferent as he replied, “Is there a problem with that?” 
“No–not at all!” Ethan looked conflicted. He didn’t know how Fabian would react if 
he ever found out…
###chapter123
The Heiress’ Return: Six Brothers at Her Beck and Call Novel Chapter 123 
Chapter 124 Mrs. Yates Wynter is Trending 
Dalton seemed to have guessed what Ethan was thinking. He fingered a bead sensually. “Once you’ve made the order, have them sent to Waterview Alley.” 
“Oh, are they for Dr. Genius?” Ethan felt relieved. It wasn’t anything special. After all, Dalton and the genius doctor had a deep friendship. 
At that moment, Dalton added, “Sign it with ‘boyfriend.” 
“W–what?!” Ethan nearly fell to his knees. 
Dalton’s face was still as cool as a cucumber. He parted his l*ps and said casually, “If you can’t handle this, how can you be Mr. Quinnell Senior’s spy?” 
Ethan thought to himself that anyone could be a spy. He really couldn’t understand 
his boss! 
At that moment, in the financial district of Southdale, a group of people were trailing 
Larry. They were talking about projects and investments, no doubt trying to get the 
Kingbourne tycoon to fund them. 
Ewan was one of them. However, his assets weren’t enough to be the leader of that 
table yet. 
At first, Larry listened patiently to what these people were saying. He was gathering
useful information to seek out their boss. 
However, none of these businessmen knew about the renowned doctor doing live streams in Southdale recently. They never even paid attention to any of the famous 
streamers. 
All of a sudden, Larry lost his patience. He said cordially, “Fellas, let’s end it here today. I’m very interested in streamers with exceptional medical prowess. If you know anyone, please recommend them to me. We can invest heavily in the medical 
sector.” With that, he got up and left. 
Nelson snorted coldly. “People from the big city are just different. How arrogant. Only 
he could have thought of something like using a livestream to see patients. Ive been practicing medicine for years and have never seen something so ridiculous!” 
“Dr. Shepherd is right. What if someone makes the wrong diagnosis and harms the patient instead?” 
should never be like + 
“Charlie, you people on the Internet who delay their studies just for a moment of fame.” 
Charlie replied politely, “Don’t worry, I know what I’m doing.” When they heard that, 
the people from the medical sector showered Charlie in praise. 
Not just anyone could join in on the conversation here. For example, someone like Ewan was shoved to the sidelines. It wasn’t like he knew what they were talking 
about at the main table.
Thus, taking advantage of the fact that Charlie liked Yvette, he went up and asked, Dr. Shepherd, what were you guys talking about?” 
Nelson gave him a look. “Don’t ask about things you shouldn’t.” 
Ewan’s expression froze. He smiled politely and said, “Yes. Look at me, running my m*uth.” After getting wronged here, he was definitely going to explode when he got 
back. 
He didn’t know whether it was his imagination, but his family business had been doing more and more poorly over the past month. 
However, the fortune teller had clearly said that once he found his biological daughter, his family would prosper financially. It was all bullshit! Now, his capital chain had even ruptured! Ewan kicked his car tire and took a deep breath. 
At that moment, Wanda happened to walk over after getting a facial. She was with several other rich ladies in her social circle. 
Ewan couldn’t show his bad side in front of them. Thus, he straightened his collar 
and strode over. 
Amara Randall said enviously, “Wanda, you’re such a lucky lady. Look, your husband is here to pick you up. 
Wanda smiled. “You’re flattering me. 
Chute 124 Mis rated Wynter is Trendin
Suddenly, Zendaya piped up, “Mrs. Yates, you still don’t know?” 
Wanda looked at her. “Know about what?” 
Zendaya handed her phone over. “Wynter livestreams on the Internet…”
###chapter124
Chapter 125 The Young Lady Margaret Is Raising Is Not That Simple 
“She’s really popular. Do you want to see-” 
Wanda Interrupted her. “Mrs. Jennings, I know that you’re close with that poor old lady, but I don’t want to hear anything about those two.” 
With that, she tossed her bag on the ground and stalked off. It was as if it had been polluted with thoughts of Wynter and made her feel disgusted. 
Amara shoved her friend. “Why did you say that to her?” 
Zendaya pursed her l*ps. “I just wanted to warn her not to dig her own grave. I didn’t think she wouldn’t appreciate it.” 
The young lady Margaret was raising was not that simple. Every time she turned on 
her livestream, she would start trending. Yet, Wanda refused to even think about 
these things. She was such a fool. 
Wanda got into the car huffily. “That st*pid lassie embarrassed me again! Of all 
things, she had to become a streamer. What’s the difference between streaming and begging on the Internet? She’s such a loser!” 
Ewan got into the car and shut the door. His expression turned gloomy. Wanda 
sensed that he was upset about something. “What’s the matter with you?” 
Now that no one was around, Ewan unleashed his irritation. “I’m not sure what
happened at the Welkin Corporation, but they didn’t choose to partner with us this 
time. 
“Why?” Wanda knew that this was a big deal and began to feel uneasy. “Should we 
go to Kingbourne to pull some strings?” 
Ewan stubbed out his cigarette. “That’s not necessary for now. Their second–in- 
command is here. I’ll find an opportunity to visit him.” 
“Alright.” Wanda didn’t dare to contact her family either. After all, things were 
currently a mess there. 
Ewan then added, “Before this, you said that 
Yvette had a means of getting into the 
Yarwoods Manor. Is that true?” 
On this topic, Wanda got mad again. “Yvette and I went, but they didn’t let us in. The person in charge said that the Zenith herb had been returned to its original owner already. 
“Your mother didn’t even bother to inform us after taking it back. I knew that she and the fake one would only give me trouble!” 
“Enough.” Ewan bellowed. “She raised me after all, so don’t strain the relationship more than it needs to be. Did you manage to find out what the Zenith herb does?”
Wanda leaned close to him. “Yve said that it has exceptional medicinal properties, especially when it comes to patients with terminal illnesses.” 
“I know.” Ewan knew that. “Since Mom wants to raise that young lady, then let her. 
Don’t keep getting involved.” 
Wanda lied through her teeth and said, “I don’t have the time to care about your busybody mother. If you don’t think that their livestream is embarrassing for you, then I don’t care. When everyone in the business circle makes fun of you, you can deal with it yourself.” 
Ewan frowned when he heard that. He needed to do something about the livestream! 
Considering his status in Southdale, he would get ridiculed if word got out that his mother was desperately trying to grub for money on the Internet. With this in mind, he made up his mind to visit the Waterview Alley himself. 
In the evening, Margaret had just closed the clinic after a busy afternoon. Just as she sat down to rest, she heard a familiar voice from the doorway. 
“Mom.” 
Margaret’s face fell. “What are you doing here?” 
Ewan hadn’t visited in half a year. He looked around in surprise, expecting to see the shabby massage parlor from his memories. “Mom, did you renovate the shop?” 
Margaret’s gaze darkened. “It’s none of your business.” 
“Mom, I’m your son. How could it be none of my business?” Ewan had finally thought
Chapter 125 The Young Lady Margaret is Raising Is Not That Simple 
about being a good son. He placed the supplements he bought on the floor. “I heard that you’re doing some livestream these days. Mom, why are you doing that? It’s really embarrassing.” 
Margaret took a deep breath. “I don’t know about embarrassing. All I know is that ! 
can earn money to make a living. Are you done yet? If you are, then get out.“
###chapter125
Chapter 126 Cutting Ties 
Seeing how relentless Margaret was, Ewan himself became annoyed too. 
“Mom! Someone died in your hands before. We spent quite a lot of effort to settle it,” 
he said. “No one’s brought it up in 20 years, but now you’re trying to get people’s attention? Are you thinking of dragging our entire family down with you?” 
“How dare you-” Margaret raised her cane into the air. 
She was about to hit him with it, but he handed him a card and told her, “Mom, you 
aren’t getting any younger. Don’t be so stubborn. 
“I know you don’t like to listen to Wanda, but she’s my wife. You should at least try to understand my feelings.” 
Margaret gritted her teeth in anger. Her nails dug into her palms, hurting herself. She spat on the floor. “I’d rather not have a son like you.” 
“Just stop talking, will you?” Ewan grabbed her arm to support her and said, “Did the Yarwoods give us back that Zenith herb? Can you give it to me, Mom? Things aren’t 
going well at my company.” 
Margaret’s chest rose and fell rapidly out of anger. “I knew it! You wouldn’t have come to see me if it weren’t for the herb.” 
“You wouldn’t want to see our family go bankrupt, right? It took Dad so much effort and time to achieve this.” Lowering his head, Ewan sighed and said, “I have no
choice. I can’t just mortgage the company.” 
Margaret stared at the son she once loved the most and felt her heart break into pieces. She didn’t want her husband’s lifelong hard work to go to waste just like this, and Ewan knew this very well. He knew she’d give in to his demand. 
It had always been like this all these years. Every time he brought this up, Margaret 
would relent. 
It was only after she moved to this shabby house did he stop demanding things from her since he thought she was of no use to him anymore. He never visited her after that, much less repaid her kindness for bringing him up. 
People often said that having children would mean a person wouldn’t have to worry about being taken care of when they got old. But that wasn’t the case for Margaret. 
“Just let the company go bankrupt then.” Margaret’s voice was calm as she spoke.” 
You’re the owner of the company now anyway.” 
Ewan froze, his eyes widening in shock and disbelief at her words. “What did you just 
say?” he asked, surprised. 
Margaret looked him in the eyes and said, “My son… this is the final time I’m calling 
you that. I gave birth to you, but my husband and I didn’t raise you to make you bring harm to the harm to the world.” 
She continued, “From this day onward, you and I are no longer mother and son. You can do whatever you want from now on. I have nothing to do with you anymore.”
Ewan was stunned. A moment later, he burst into laughter. “You poor old lady! You’re nuts! I came here to give you money, yet you want to cut ties with me! Wanda was right! You’re as stubborn as a mule!” 
That said, he stormed out of the house without even taking away the bags of supplements he placed on the floor. 
On his way back home, he saw Wynter and Wolf on a bike. Usually, he’d jeer at them when he saw them, but he didn’t feel like doing so today. Wolf narrowed his eyes at Ewan and signed to Wynter. 
Her gaze turned cold, and she said, “If you beat him to death, the one who’ll suffer is Grandma.” Wolf puffed out his ch*eks and looked away, sulking. 
Then, the two of them carried the vegetables into the clinic. When they entered the place, they noticed the supplements on the ground. 
Margaret seemed as busy as ever. She had just finished diagnosing a group of patients, so the bedsheets needed changing. 
Wolf looked sideways and signed to Wynter, saying that Margaret seemed just to be just fine. Wynter responded with, “Mhmm” as she walked over to Margaret. 
Margaret didn’t turn to look at her. With her back facing Wynter, she said, “Wynter, 1. don’t have a son anymore. It’s better this way.” 
Wynter’s footsteps faltered. She hugged Margaret from behind. “You still have Wolf and me. Hasn’t Wolf given you enough trouble already?” 
She added, “He spooked all the fish when he went out to buy vegetables just now. We had to compensate the boss for his losses. It was a lot.”
Margaret wasn’t upset about Ewan anymore after hearing this. Turning around, she raised her eyebrows and yelled, “Wolf! What in the world did you do?” 
A speechless Wolf glanced at Margaret, looking all innocent with a fish in one hand.
###chapter126
Chapter 127 The Person Wolf Dislikes 
The fish were too fragile. What did he have to do with their deaths? Margaret was 
confused too. “Why is it that all the animals go to heaven when you go to the market? 
Wolf took a bite from the toast he had bought and raised his head to look at her. 
Margaret was helping him change after he and Wynter returned. 
“Never mind,” she said. “It’s just a few barrels of fish.” 
Quirking an eyebrow, Wynter glanced at the crabs in the bucket which had froth. spilling from their m*uths. 
“Grandma, the fish aren’t the only ones who suffered,” she said. 
Margaret felt an impending headache. She pinched Wolf’s arm and said, “You’d 
better hide them all. Don’t let Ruth see them!” 
But it was too late as Ruth had already rushed over to their place after just a couple 
of minutes. 
“Where’s Wolf?” she shouted. Ruth was plump, so she looked even more foreboding 
with her arms on her hips. 
Wolf wanted to surrender, but Wynter pressed on his head so that he couldn’t get up from where he was hiding. Wolf thought was worried that Ruth would create trouble
for Margaret. 
Wynter glanced at him and whispered, “These two old ladies are just going to argue with each other. It’s no big deal. Besides, Grandma needed to be occupied with something so that she can relax and not be so upset.” 
Ruth carried on with her rant. “Mrs. Yates Senior, I’m not a petty person, you know. But that brat, Wolf, killed all the seafood that I imported. All of them!” 
Margaret tried to comfort Ruth by saying, “I know. I won’t charge you if you come for a massage this month.” 
Ruth said, “Actually, Wynter paid me back already.” 
Margaret laughed. “Of course, she did. But I still have to apologize to you. Wolf’s a reckless kid. We’re lucky that our neighbors don’t mind it that much.” 
Back when Wolf first arrived, he scared all the neighbors‘ hens to death. Despite that, 
none of the neighbors created a fuss out of it. 
Ruth glanced around the compound and asked, “Are you sure you won’t charge me for the massage? Susan told me that your parlor’s pretty popular these days.” 
She added, “Influencers and celebrities might even come here to get a massage 
someday!” 
“Let me give you a massage first,” said Margaret. “You have to be careful with your 
hands when you carry all those seafood.”
Ruth smiled sheepishly. “Wynter gave us some medicine when she went to the 
market just now. She was especially worried about me.” 
She continued, “Zayne’s a useless brat! If only he’d married Wynter, we could be in- 
laws already.” 
Wolf raised his head in shock. “You? Marrying yourself off?” he signed, to which 
Wynter told him, “Ruth didn’t mean it. What are you so excited about? Wolf’s 
shoulders drooped at her response. 
Margaret then said, “I’ll let you in on this. Wynter already has a boyfriend.” 
“She has a boyfriend already?” Ruth was astonished. “Who is it?” 
Margaret chuckled in delight. “It’s that handsome guy who came here just two days 
ago.” 
“So he’s the one!” Ruth gave it some thought and exclaimed, “Wonderful! They’re a perfect match! Wynter’s pretty, and he’s good–looking enough for her!” 
Wolf turned to look at Wynter. “A boyfriend?” he signed. “That guy?” 
Wynter flicked his forehead and said, “I only said that to make Grandma happy.” 
“No can do!” Wolf gestured. “He’s dangerous!” 
Wynter found Wolf’s response interesting, so she asked, “Why do you hate him so
Chapter 127. The Person Wolf Dislikes 
much?” 
Wolf puffed out his ch*eks in anger. “I don’t know! My gut tells me so!” 
Wynter pinched his face and fell into deep thought. A person who could give Wolf a bad feeling must be someone with wealth and power. So, she had to cherish him. 
Wolf wasn’t aware that his resistance had created exactly the opposite effect that he wanted. He carried on gesturing to Wynter to make her listen to him. 
However, Wynter started scrolling on her phone. She signed a contract via the live- streaming platform. 
At 9:30 a.m. the next morning, she got ready for a livestream at Waterview Alley. The moment she went online, comments flooded her screen. 
“Finally! I’ve waited for an entire day for this,” said Starry. 
Corporateslave said, “I’m lazing around, watching this live stream during working. hours. Is this the Dr. Miracle we’ve always talked about? Why doesn’t he reveal his 
face to us?” 
“I did a checkup. The doctor said I’m lucky to have discovered my condition earlier,” typed studylover123. 
“Are you the guy who was the first to join the voice chat yesterday, right? Are you okay now?” asked wanderlust_soul. 
“Yes, I’m recovering, replied studlover123
“Tsk tsk. That’s good acting for you,” commented lovestruck.
###chapter127
Chapter 127 The Person Wolf Dislikes
The fish were too fragile. What did he have to do with their deaths? Margaret was confused too. “Why is it that all the animals go to heaven when you go to the market?
Wolf took a bite from the toast he had bought and raised his head to look at her.
Margaret was helping him change after he and Wynter returned. Text content ? N?velDrama.Org.
“Never mind,” she said. “It’s just a few barrels of fish.”
Quirking an eyebrow, Wynter glanced at the crabs in the bucket which had froth. spilling from their m*uths.
“Grandma, the fish aren’t the only ones who suffered,” she said.
Margaret felt an impending headache. She pinched Wolf’s arm and said, “You’d better hide them all. Don’t let Ruth see them!”
But it was too late as Ruth had already rushed over to their place after just a couple of minutes.
“Where’s Wolf?” she shouted. Ruth was plump, so she looked even more foreboding with her arms on her hips.
Wolf wanted to surrender, but Wynter pressed on his head so that he couldn’t get up from where he was hiding. Wolf thought was worried that Ruth would create trouble for Margaret.
Wynter glanced at him and whispered, “These two old ladies are just going to argue with each other. It’s no big deal. Besides, Grandma needed to be occupied with something so that she can relax and not be so upset.”
Ruth carried on with her rant. “Mrs. Yates Senior, I’m not a petty person, you know. But that brat, Wolf, killed all the seafood that I imported. All of them!”
Margaret tried to comfort Ruth by saying, “I know. I won’t charge you if you come for a massage this month.”
Ruth said, “Actually, Wynter paid me back already.”
Margaret laughed. “Of course, she did. But I still have to apologize to you. Wolf’s a reckless kid. We’re lucky that our neighbors don’t mind it that much.”
Back when Wolf first arrived, he scared all the neighbors‘ hens to death. Despite that, none of the neighbors created a fuss out of it.
Ruth glanced around the compound and asked, “Are you sure you won’t charge me for the massage? Susan told me that your parlor’s pretty popular these days.”
She added, “Influencers and celebrities might even come here to get a massage someday!”
“Let me give you a massage first,” said Margaret. “You have to be careful with your hands when you carry all those seafood.”
Ruth smiled sheepishly. “Wynter gave us some medicine when she went to the market just now. She was especially worried about me.”
She continued, “Zayne’s a useless brat! If only he’d married Wynter, we could be in-laws already.”
Wolf raised his head in shock. “You? Marrying yourself off?” he signed, to which
Wynter told him, “Ruth didn’t mean it. What are you so excited about? Wolf’s shoulders drooped at her response.
Margaret then said, “I’ll let you in on this. Wynter already has a boyfriend.”
“She has a boyfriend already?” Ruth was astonished. “Who is it?”
Margaret chuckled in delight. “It’s that handsome guy who came here just two days ago.”
“So he’s the one!” Ruth gave it some thought and exclaimed, “Wonderful! They’re a perfect match! Wynter’s pretty, and he’s good–looking enough for her!”
Wolf turned to look at Wynter. “A boyfriend?” he signed. “That guy?”
Wynter flicked his forehead and said, “I only said that to make Grandma happy.”
“No can do!” Wolf gestured. “He’s dangerous!”
Wynter found Wolf’s response interesting, so she asked, “Why do you hate him so much?”
Wolf puffed out his ch*eks in anger. “I don’t know! My gut tells me so!”
Wynter pinched his face and fell into deep thought. A person who could give Wolf a bad feeling must be someone with wealth and power. So, she had to cherish him.
Wolf wasn’t aware that his resistance had created exactly the opposite effect that he wanted. He carried on gesturing to Wynter to make her listen to him.
However, Wynter started scrolling on her phone. She signed a contract via the live- streaming platform.
At 9:30 a.m. the next morning, she got ready for a livestream at Waterview Alley. The moment she went online, comments flooded her screen.
“Finally! I’ve waited for an entire day for this,” said Starry.
Corporateslave said, “I’m lazing around, watching this live stream during working. hours. Is this the Dr. Miracle we’ve always talked about? Why doesn’t he reveal his face to us?”
“I did a checkup. The doctor said I’m lucky to have discovered my condition earlier,” typed studylover123.
“Are you the guy who was the first to join the voice chat yesterday, right? Are you okay now?” asked wanderlust_soul.
“Yes, I’m recovering, replied studlover123
“Tsk tsk. That’s good acting for you,” commented lovestruck.
###chapter128
Chapter 128 A Diagnosis Too Accurate
The viewers bombarded the screen with comments when Wynter was still busy explaining to Margaret how to turn the microphone on.
Margaret asked, “What are they talking about? Should I get my glasses to read those comments?”
Wynter smiled. “They’re all here to support you.”
She glanced at the screen and told the viewers, “Thanks to studylover123 for the gift! You still have to take care of yourself even though you’ve recovered, okay? I’d like to thank all our friends who follow us and are watching this livestream today.”
She continued, “As usual, we’re providing free consultation for three of our viewers here today.”
“Our streamer actually brought her granny here today!” commented beautybloggerlife.
“She’s trying to create a public persona again. Boring!” said imrichhh..
“Dear director, the script’s ready. Let’s see how the actors and actresses would make it realistic,” typed lovestruck.
“I’m a professor in the field of medicine. To those who are claiming that the streamer’s putting on an act, please watch the livestream yesterday. Thanks,” commented cutiecat.
“It isn’t even that hard to find someone a professor now. You just have to be rich enough to hire one,” responded imrichhh.
Margaret understood what they were talking about. “They’re saying that we’re faking it, right?” she asked.
Wynter’s tone was cool as she answered, “People are bolder with their words on the Internet.”
“Oh really? You’re mad at me just because of this?-lovestruck”
Margaret laughed. “It’s not strange if you don’t believe in us. There are so many
The viewers bombarded the screen with comments when Wynter was still busy explaining to Margaret how to turn the microphone on.
Margaret asked, “What are they talking about? Should I get my glasses to read those comments?”
Wynter smiled. “They’re all here to support you.”
She glanced at the screen and told the viewers, “Thanks to studylover123 for the gift! You still have to take care of yourself even though you’ve recovered, okay? I’d like to thank all our friends who follow us and are watching this livestream today.”
She continued, “As usual, we’re providing free consultation for three of our viewers here today.”
“Our streamer actually brought her granny here today!” commented beautybloggerlife.
“She’s trying to create a public persona again. Boring!” said imrichhh.
“Dear director, the script’s ready. Let’s see how the actors and actresses would make it realistic,” typed lovestruck.
“I’m a professor in the field of medicine. To those who are claiming that the streamer’s putting on an act, please watch the livestream yesterday. Thanks,” commented cutiecat.
“It isn’t even that hard to find someone a professor now. You just have to be rich enough to hire one,” responded imrichhh.
Margaret understood what they were talking about. “They’re saying that we’re faking it, right?” she asked.
Wynter’s tone was cool as she answered, “People are bolder with their words on the Internet.”
“Oh really? You’re mad at me just because of this?-lovestruck”
Margaret laughed. “It’s not strange if you don’t believe in us. There are so many scammers on the Internet, after all. You often tell me that I shouldn’t simply share! the posts I see and don’t follow trends blindly. People are scared of getting scammed. I get it.”
“Granny’s getting so many followers because of this!” commented corporateslave.
“She’s a magnanimous woman! I’m subscribing,” declared im_pouting.
“I like hearing you talk, Grandma! Please continue!” begged abrownbear.
Margaret didn’t know how to respond to all the attention she was getting. “Um…” her voice trailed off. She didn’t know what she should say.
Then, Wynter adjusted the camera and told her, “The viewers like you, Grandma. You should chat with them for a bit. You can talk about the lifestyles that promote physical fitness and stability so that they know what they should do to stay healthy.”
Margaret shot Wynter a glare. “Says the person who stays up late every night! I always ask you to go to bed early and wake up early to get your things done, but you just wouldn’t listen! How am I supposed to advise the viewers when you don’t even listen to me?”
“LMAO! Granny’s serious now!” abrownbear commented.
“The streamer’s probably wondering why she’s being dragged into this,” noted corporateslave.
Shaking her head, Wynter laughed lightly. “Let’s begin then. Oh right! Grandma here. is a traditional medicine doctor. She has a certificate for it, so don’t worry. You can take a look at the certificate on our page.”
That said, the screen split into two. The user lovestruck was pinned to the first screen.
Her face was hidden. In an unpleasant tone, she said, “Why don’t you take a look at me and tell me what’s wrong with me now, huh?” 
It was as clear as day that she was trying to give Margaret and Wynter a hard time! Margaret turned to look at Wynter, who glanced at the blurred–out picture of lovestruck’s head.
Slowly, Wynter said, “You have syphilis.”
The chat froze. Silence hung in the air like a heavy cloak. lovestruck sneered. “Why don’t you say something else that sounds believable? You didn’t even see my face, yet you’re telling me that I have Syphilis! Your acting is awful.”
Wynter smiled a half–smile. Her tone was immensely cold when she said, “Do your hands itch because of the rashes on your palms?”
A hint of panic flashed across Lovestruck’s face. “Y–you…” Her voice faltered.
Slowly, Wynter said, “You’re probably a streamer too. The management should take note of her ID to prevent the sharing of bad content.”
Even the middle–level management of the platform was shocked. First of all, Wynter had lots of viewers. Secondly, lots of other streamers pressured her to stop her from rising in popularity.
Things got worse when it was revealed that this streamer called “lovestruck ” had syphilis. Everyone was disgusted.
“She’s the dominant one,” Wynter stated.
“She’s a scum!” declared lovingyou.
“I watched her stream before. She’s disgusting!” agreed beautybloggerlife.
“We don’t know their s** yet. You guys shouldn’t talk nonsense yet!” advised imrichhh.
Just then, a comment appeared at the top of the screen. “lovestruck has always been a target of ours. We didn’t have proof back then, so we couldn’t capture him. Thanks to this streamer for providing us with some clues.”
The comment was large and bolded font, accompanied by logos. So, everyone could see it.
“Why are you quiet now @imrichh?” asked lovingyou.
“LMFAO! He was so scared that he probably deactivated his account!” said studylover123.
###chapter129
Chapter 129 I’ll Show You Wealth
The live stream once again climbed up the ranks. Previously, it had merely been the third most popular in the local area, but now it had surged up the ranks nationwide.
The moderator felt a swell of pride in his foresight. He gleefully read the signed contracts and finally chose Empathy Clinic as a contestant.
Every year, the platform ranked the top ten most popular hosts.
Those who made it into the top ten would receive cash prizes, ranging from ten thousand dollars to a million dollars. They would also get the opportunity to attend the annual conference in Kingbourne.
The moderator knew Wynter didn’t care much about these things, so he decided to give her a boost.
He knew she had a solid chance of making it into the top ten, even though she couldn’t quite rival the popular live streamers and their large fan bases.
With Wynter’s popularity soaring, it naturally drew attention, particularly from fellow competitors.
One of them was a person named Cecilia Ceil, who was currently expressing her gratitude for gifts.
Out of the blue, someone chimed in on the live chat, “Hey, have you all heard about the Empathy Clinic? They diagnose illnesses accurately!”
“Can they diagnose more accurately than Cecilia Ceil?” another viewer asked.
“They specialize in a different area,” came the reply.
With a veil covering part of her face, Cecilia radiated a gentle and mysterious charm.
She asked, “Could the moderator please remove those people promoting in the chat? I’ve been following the conversation closely. I’d like to remind everyone that the expertise in traditional medicine can differ, and only Sacred Heart Medical University is esteemed.”
“Yeah. Can those local practitioners really compare to Cecilia?” one person agreed.
“Sacred Heart Medical University is the epitome of my aspirations!” another chimed in.
“Newcomers should steer clear. Thank you!” another commentator added.
Although Cecilia’s remarks seemed harmless, her status as a public figure imbued them with a certain influence and provocation. Before long, they flooded Wynter’s chat with negativity.
An account named Team Cecilia commented, “Worthless streamer.”
Another supporter of Cecilia, Ceci_Dream chimed in, “Is that all? I guess only the impoverished would seek treatment here. No one even sends gratuities to you, and yet you dare to compare yourself to Cecilia?”
A comment from Sacred Heart Medical University Lover added, “I can’t say much, but let’s be cautious when seeking medical assistance.”
Most viewers were VIPs, and their messages overshadowed those who were genuinely seeking treatment.
Margaret, feeling a bit flustered, said, “Dear friends, please refrain from chatting randomly. I’ll attend to the patients first.”
A comment from the account Team Cecilia followed her words. “Granny, quit the act. With such slow reactions at your age, what illnesses could you possibly treat?”
This remark caught the typically indifferent Wynter off guard. Her gaze turned icy cold as she bit into her candy and picked up the microphone. “Team Cecilia?”
“What’s the matter? Do you have any ions?” the viewer named Sacred Heart Medical University Lover responded. N?velD(ram)a.?rg owns this content.
Wynter toyed with the hazelnuts and subtly lifted her gaze. “Sacred Heart Medical University abides by the motto: To save lives without bias, but to aid all.”
The viewer named Sacred Heart Medical University Lover was incensed. “What’s with the boasting? How do you even know the university’s motto? I’ve checked. You’re just a college student!”
Team Cecilia added another sarcastic comment, “Oh! So, you’re just a college student, huh? It’s such a joke with that level of education.”
A viewer called Platinum VIP Mr. Abel retorted, “Think before you speak. That’s indeed Sacred Heart Medical University’s motto.”
Another viewer, going by the name Single Mingle, remarked, “Mr. Abel is back again!
Are you feeling embarrassed now, Team Cecilia?”
Team Cecilia retorted, “What’s so special about knowing the motto? Cecilia graduated from there. As for the rest of you, only the impoverished lower class would so proud of the livestreamer here.”
Single Mingle interjected, “The streamer has never even asked for gratification.”
Sacred Heart Medical University Lover commented, “Oh? Just admit it if you’re poor.”
Following these remarks, a cascade of meteors showered across the screen of the live stream, accompanied by twinkling silver lights. Subsequently, a series of shining golden texts appeared.
“Emperor VIP Sir Yarwood bestowed upon Empathy Clinic a stunning meteor shower, with 50 galaxy gifts spontaneously descending!”
###chapter130

Chapter 130 The Generosity of Mr. Yarwood
Wynter paused, her curiosity piqued as she wondered who this Mr. Yarwood was.
“Oh my! An Emperor VIP!” one viewer commented.
“This streamer is something else! It’s only her second day here, and an Emperor VIP viewer sends a meteor shower! I’m so jealous now,” praised another.
But the surprises didn’t stop there. The system notification chimed again.
*Emperor VIP Sir Yarwood gifted two meteor showers to the Empathy Clinic. 100 galaxy gifts are randomly dropping!”
“Wow! Another 100 galaxy gifts!” foodie_explorer remarked.
“Wait, so a single meteor shower costs five thousand dollars. Three of them would cost 15 thousand dollars, right?” Nightmare Dawn calculated.
“Shh, don’t speak. Mr. Yarwood is sending more!” urged tasha_jordan.
“Is Team Cecilia feeling the burn?” Single Mingle teased.
Besides generating significant income for the streamer, the gifted live stream would also receive a platform–wide broadcast. This meant that everyone on the platform could view the Empathy Clinic’s live stream.
Moreover, the randomly dropped galaxy gifts could also bring in money, making it one of the platform’s most attractive features.
Many streamers often used this tactic to keep viewers engaged.
However, because of the meteor shower’s high cost, it usually ended after just one or two showers. Yet, on Wynter’s stream, the showers persisted, attracting users from all corners of the platform.
Soon enough, other live streams on the same platform lost their competitive edge.
Cecilia, who had planned to generate some buzz by revealing her identity, was puzzled as her viewers began to leave. “What’s going on?” she wondered.
“Empathy Clinic’s getting meteor showers,” Smiley Wiley noted.
Cecilla giggled from behind her veil. “Ah, it’s just a meteor shower. Mr. Seafield often sends them.”
“Exactly! Let’s have Mr. Seafield send one too!” added Ceci’s Prettiest.
Then, Holger Seafield declared, “If Cecilia says the word, I’ll send one.”
And just like that, Cecilia’s stream also received a meteor shower from him. However, the most peculiar thing was the viewers‘ response.
“Just one meteor shower? How dull.”
“The Empathy Clinic’s live stream has already had 20 meteor showers! Let’s hurry up and get in there!”
Cecilia was taken aback because 20 meteor showers would cost a hundred thousand dollars. She clenched her fists and coyly inquired, “You can afford it too, right, Mr. Seafield?”
Holger hesitated. He opened a private chat.
He said, “Do you want me to splash my money? If you show up today, I’ll go all out.”
Cecilia retorted, “Mr. Seafield, you know I’m not like other streamers.”
Holger replied, “That’s not on me. If I’m spending this much, I’d like to meet you in person.”
Cecilia countered, “But don’t we usually video chat?”
Holger’s reply came in. “Are you expecting me to drop a hundred thousand dollars just for a video call? Cecilia, I’m not that naive.”
Cecilia hesitated for a moment. Then, she realized it was a hundred thousand dollars and couldn’t let the opportunity sl*p away.
She messaged, “Mr. Seafield, why don’t you come to Kingbourne? I’ll treat you to dinner.”
“Sounds good,” Holger replied.
The chubby Holger Seafield lit a cigarette and continued to send meteor showers one after another.
Cecilla’s live stream quickly regained its popularity.
“Mr. Seafield is too generous!” cheered Ceci’s Prettiest.
“The others are still trying to give tips, but how can they even compete with Mr. Seafield?” remarked Sacred Heart Medical University Lover.
“Exactly! Both are Emperor VIPs, but Mr. Seafield definitely has the upper–hand. That other one looks dull in comparison!” exclaimed Team Cecilia.
What could Team Cecilia have meant by that?
When Empathy Clinic’s live stream popped up on the screen again, Cecilia’s fans were once again shocked.
“Why is the man still gifting meteor showers?” EastWestCeci questioned.
“It’s already 40 showers now, totaling two hundred thousand dollars!” Majesty Cecilia commented.
“How on earth could he give away two hundred thousand dollars in just five minutes? Cecilia_Rocks added.
Not only were the viewers surprised, but even Wynter’s moderator was astonished.
He had originally registered Empathy Clinic to boost its popularity. Never once did he expect that this newcomer woud swiftly rise to the top.
He couldn’t help but wonder how Wynter amassed such a fanbase, considering that
###chapter131
Chapter 131 The Sweet Defensive Shield 
When someone approached him a while ago, he felt a shiver down his spine. He thought the newcomer had done something wrong. However, it turned out they were there to issue a 
certificate. 
Glancing at the numbers on the screen, he was shocked into silence by what he saw. 
The moderator was almost overwhelmed with joy when he noticed that the newcomer had smoothly amassed two hundred thousand dollars in tips just two days into streaming. 
Yet, the new streamer he was responsible for remained unusually calm. 
“Thank you for the gifts, Mr. Yarwood. However, your generosity is overwhelming. I feel undeserving of such lavish rewards,” Wynter expressed. 
One of her supporters, Starry, remarked, “The streamer seems unenthusiastic.” 
single24forever commented, “She has always been like this. She prioritizes treating patients. 
Another supporter of hers, Baby Tody, exclaimed, “Anyway, you’re fantastic!” 
Dalton sat calmly on the private jet. He was clad in all black attire and had a neatly arranged lunch by his side. 
He accepted the towel handed to him by the bodyguard, after which he leisurely observed. the flurry of comments in the live stream. 
It dawned on him that he had logged in with the company’s official account.
After a brief pause, he typed a line as Emperor VIP Sir Yarwood. “Thank you for the 
reminder last time. The medicinal incense has indeed been tested and 
id to be toxic.” 
Wynter understood his motives and offered a faint smile. “In that case, I’ll accept these two hundred thousand dollars,” she said. 
Emperor VIP Sir Yarwood’s reply came in shortly. “You deserve it.” 
The live stream erupted once again. 
“What’s happening? Does Mr. Yarwood know the streamer personally?” someone in the live chat queried. 
“Why is this Emperor VIP different from the others I’ve seen? Why can he type in black font? “another viewer typed. 
“Could it be because he hasn’t spent much money and is not a high–ranker?” someone questioned in the live chat. 
Dalton’s generous tip caused a stir among the platform’s top management. 
George Wallow, the head of operations, wiped his brow. “Is this truly Mr. Yarwood?” he pondered aloud. 
Louise Lawson, who was responsible for content, shook her head. “Well, I wouldn’t dare ask! Who has the nerve to do so? 
No one dared to question the identity of Emperor VIP Sir Yarwood. However, it was undeniable that this newcomer from Empathy Clinic boasted an impressive background.
Wynter also added, “Mr. Yarwood, it would be wise to be more cautious with your female friends ” 
Dalton smiled wryly at her remark. Twirling his beads absentmindedly, he pondered whom else he should be cautious of as her fake boyfriend. 
Ethan was also present in the livestream. “Sir, it’s wise to heed the words of Dr. Genius,” he 
advised. 
Dalton’s expression hardened as he removed the bracelet from his wrist. Lifting his dark eyes, he demanded, “Investigate Lydia’s close friends.” 
While he had no female friends, Lydia had plenty. 
After instructing Ethan, Dalton then proceeded to send ten meteor showers in the live 
stream. 
He typed, “This is the consultation fee.” 
“I want a consultation fee as generous as this!” a viewer, RockingRic.. 
laimed. 
“Am I the only one who finds it sweet that Mr. Yarwood only watches this streamer and not others?” another viewer, Dream Dream, wondered. 
“I’ve noticed that too, and the streamer is his only follower!” remarked smiley_twin. 
“He even gave the streamer à defensive shield! How generous!” another viewer, 
prosperity love, commented.
A defensive shield had a value of a hundred grand, and everyone couldn’t help but admire Dalton’s generosity. 
The cadre who were brainstorming on what gifts to give to Wynter were really upset. 
Chapter 131 The Sweet Defensive Shield 
Addressing Dom, they exclaimed, “What’s with this Emperor VIP? How can we match the gifts he has bought?” 
Jackson frowned and commented, “Kids these days really don’t know manners.” 
Zach also voiced his discontent. “Thankfully, Wynter didn’t fall for his tricks. Still, he’s a jerk!” 
“Absolutely!” the cadre nodded in agreement. 
Dom nervously wiped his brow. 
As the defensive shield was activated, the platform–wide notifications ensued. 
Suddenly, the Empathy Clinic emerged on the homepage, becoming the hottest rising streamer! 
As Larry Hilton woke up for a scheduled meeting in Southdale’s business community, he casually scrolled through his phone in bed. Suddenly, something on the screen caught his attention, and he shot up into a sitting position.
###chapter132
Chapter 132 Hunting the Popular Streamer 
“Mr. Hilton?” The speaker looked at him in confusion. 
Larry didn’t care about the influence these people had in Southdale. He grabbed one of them and asked, “Do you know this streamer?” 
The man looked puzzled. “Mr. Hilton, pardon my confusion. This is the Chamber of 
Commerce, and she’s just a small–time streamer… 
“What do you know?” Larry refrained from saying what he truly thought. “Forget it; I’ll find out for myself.” 
He could easily navigate to the Empathy Clinic in Waterview Alley using GPS. 
Since this foreign investment meeting was originally arranged for Larry to attend, his sudden desire to leave undoubtedly unsettled the others. 
“Mr. Hilton, the meeting isn’t over yet,” the Shepherds, leveraging their influence in the medical industry, interjected. Then, they added, “It’s not quite appropriate for you to leave. at this moment.” 
However, Larry couldn’t give a darn about what they thought. He pondered, “Screw this ‘not appropriate‘ nonsense! You’re not even treating me for my illness, so why should I bother? Plus, you’re not even half as good as Boss!” 
Larry might have appear refined now, but in the past, he was a rough–and–tumble 
Northwesterner, decked out in flashy gold watches and chains. “Since the meeting hasn’t concluded, it wouldn’t be appropriate for me to leave.”
Nelson thought he had persuaded him, but Larry’s next words took him by surprise. Alright, then. Let’s wrap up the meeting. Everyone is free to go.” 
With that, Larry summoned his bodyguards and made a grand exit. 
Downstairs in the reception lounge of the Chamber of Commerce, Ewan had been waiting for three hours.He had hoped to have a chat with Larry Hilton, the second in command at Welkin Corporation, over breakfast. However, not only was Larry nowhere to be found, but Ewan had missed the meeting. 
Now, all Ewan could do was sit there in frustration. Breakfast was out of the question, and he couldn’t even manage to get a glass of water. 
The secretaries at the Chamber of Commerce were all snobbish and only concerned about pleasing their superiors. 
Ewan felt ignored as no one seemed to notice him. 
Growing weary of waiting, he couldn’t contain his frustration any longer. With a forced smile, he approached the receptionist and asked, “Hi there. Is Mr. Hilton of Welkin Corporation still not available?” 
“Yes,” the receptionist replied indifferently. She was growing irritated with the constant line of questions. “Mr. Hilton’s tied up 
park project down in Southdale. The with the wat 
Yates Group’s matters will have to wait.” 
Ewan was taken aback by this dismissive reply. He thought, “How could they downplay the significance of the Yates Group’s affairs?:
Despite his frustration, he knew better than to lose his temper. “Can’t you accommodate my request? Mr. Hilton and I have had previous dealings. We’ve even collaborated before.” 
The receptionist chuckled. “Previous dealings? Well, that simplifies things. You should contact Mr. Hilton directly. It’ll be faster. I’m afraid there’s nothing I can do about it here.” 
The Chamber of Commerce was a place where hierarchy ruled supreme. Although the Yates family’s situation might be obscure elsewhere, it was widely recognized within the Chamber of Commerce. 
Ewan couldn’t tolerate being treated in such a manner. “You’re just belittling me! Why were the Lopezes were allowed in earlier?” 
“Dr. Lopez is a renowned physician. Are you?” The receptionist remained impartial. Her morning tasks had already been burdensome, and the insult only added to her displeasure. 
Just then, the elevator chimed as its doors opened. 
Six bodyguards in black attire emerged. 
The staff at the Chamber of Commerce rose respectfully and greeted, 
Larry always radiated an air of importance. Even before he appeared, his palpable to all. 
Feeling as if he had found a lifeline, Ewan hurriedly made his way over.
###chapter133
pter 133 Finally Meeting Wynter 
Chapter 133 Finally Meeting Wynter 
Ewan offered a handshake, trying to establish a connection. “Mr. Hilton, it’s taken me quite an effort to finally meet you…” 
The bodyguard stepped in firmly. “Mr. Hilton is currently occupied with urgent matters. Business negotiations can only be arranged for tomorrow.” 
“It’s not about business negotiations!” Ewan protested, trying to push forward. “This is a purely personal matter.” 
The bodyguard hesitated. 
Larry’s voice was heard. “Who’s blocking the way? Move aside.” 
He was adamant about meeting Wynter, and anyone who stood in his way would face the 
consequences. 
Since his efforts to break through were fruitless, Ewan summoned the courage to scream. Mr. Hilton, why has Welkin Corporation suddenly terminated its partnership with the Yates. Group? There were no warnings. How am I expected to handle the investments in those steel 
ventures?” 
The bodyguard quickly covered Ewan’s m*uth to silence him and moved him aside. 
Seeing Ewan’s plight, the people at the Chamber of Commerce decided not to intervene.
After all, deals that were closed and those that fell through were a common occurrence in 
the business world. 
Ewan’s outburst was indeed embarrassing. 
As Larry’s assistant, Jerry Yandel felt responsible to manage the situation. “Mr. Yates, I must ask you to refrain from shouting. Mr. Hilton won’t be available to me. 
th you.” 
“Jerry!” Ewan exclaimed upon spotting a familiar face. “I’ve been trying to reach you for ages. Didn’t you mention earlier that you’d let me welcome Mr. Hilton? Why does it feel like you don’t recognize me now?” 
Jerry remained cold. “Mr. Yates, we were never close. I’m just conveying the directives from the higher–ups.” 
If it hadn’t been for Gregory Wollen’s directive to support the Yates family, there was no chance that a small company like the Yates Group would have managed Welkin Group’s business. 
But Ewan never seemed to get things right. 
Let alone the quality of his work, even the projects assigned to him had a consistently poor. output. 
Jerry was puzzled why Gregory was generous toward the Yates family. Fortunately, 
directives from higher–ups had spread, and they would no longer have to deal with the Yates 
Group. 
“Mr. Yates, farewell,” Jerry concluded succinctly.
With a group of bodyguards surrounding Larry, Ewan couldn’t get close. 
He would not give up easily! 
Ewan gritted his teeth and followed the crowd out of the Chamber of Commerce. 
Outside, a lineup of cars stood ready. Ewan promptly entered one and commanded, “Follow the Alpard up front. We’ll trail it.” 
At this juncture, he was prepared to endure anything just to meet Mr. Hilton. 
Larry could hear the nearby commotion from inside his car. 
Normally, he would have resorted to his authoritative demeanor and swiftly dealt with the situation. 
But now, his top priority was to find Wynter. 
Meanwhile, Wynter was preparing to end her live stream. 
This time, Margaret delivered the closing statement. “I have a few things to take care of today. If any of you darlings have health concerns, feel free to look for me at the Empathy 
Clinic.” 
My_gramma commented, “It’s heartwarming when Madam Margar alls me ‘darling.” 
SunshineofRay chimed in, saying, “Hearing Madam Margaret calling us ‘darling‘ makes me. miss my grandma.” 
The final comment came from single24forever as they wrote, “I’ll make it a habit to visit you every day from now on, Madam Margaret!”
Margaret chuckled warmly. “Of course, you’re all welcome to visit me. Just don’t forget to keep up with your studies. We’ll be live tomorrow at 9:30 am sharp, so make sure you get enough rest.” 
Wynter wasn’t surprised by Margaret’s popularity among the viewers as everyone sought a
###chapter134
Cha 
Chapter 134 Soaring High 
At the same time, Cecilia’s live stream was taking an ugly turn. 
Viewers were adamant about getting Holger to send another 50 meteor showers. 
Team Cecilia commented, “Mr. Seafield, can you handle this?” 
Its You urged, “Come on, Mr. Seafield, keep it going!” 
“Mr. Seafield, are you giving up?” KissSunshine added. 
Holger was actually a staff member of the platform. He didn’t mind sending gifts, but he wasn’t naive. 
He replied while puffing on his cigarette, “Another 50? Is that what you want, Cecilia?” 
Though Cecilia felt reluctant, she could only force a smile and say, “How could that be? I’m already thrilled that you are in my livestream, Mr. Seafield. Besides, you always take care of me. You’ve been so generous today. Mr. Seafield, you’re amazing!” 
The moderator and other fans quickly caught on, flooding the chat with messages praising Holger. Finally, Holger was pacified. 
However, Cecilia’s popularity couldn’t hold a candle to that of the Empathy Clinic. 
She couldn’t believe a newcomer could surpass her by such a margin. Then, a thought crossed her mind. “That Emperor VIP certainly has money, and if only he could become my defensive shield…”
With a sly grin, Cecilia opened a chat box. “Hello, Mr. Yarwood. Can we talk privately?” She then sent a photo along with her WhatsApp number. 
Cecilia had always been confident in her looks, and she had garnered a legion of male 
supporters through her beauty. 
However, as time passed, her message request to Dalton remained unanswered. 
Frustration crept in, and she frowned slightly. 
Cecilia consoled herself that the streamer from the Empathy Clinic didn’t even dare to show her face and instead brought an old lady to attend to the patients.. 
Rumors suggested that she was a college student, leading Cecilia to speculate that the streamer might not be very attractive. 
A smile graced her l*ps as this thought crossed her mind. As a top student at Sacred Heart 
Medical University, she possessed both beauty and talent, and she wouldn’t lose to someone from the bottom rungs of society. 
Meanwhile, Wynter couldn’t care less about Cecilia’s thoughts. She was preoccupied with backend settlements. 
Dalton’s gifts genuinely surprised Margaret. 
“Wynter, this is too much,” Margaret remarked. She hadn’t noticed the gifts Dalton sent as she had been busy attending to patients during the live stream. So, she frowned slightly at the lavish gifts. “Let’s just return it.”
“Grandma, the platform takes a cut of the gift money,” Wynter explained with a gentle smile. “It’s just how it works. Being a streamer means that when people are happy, they’ll reward you. When they’re not, they’ll criticize you.” 
She continued calmly, “We’ll take what’s rightfully ours. If you think it’s too much, we’ll 
ly ours. If you think it’s too much, keep half, and the rest will go to charity. Remember how you always said that girls in the mountains couldn’t afford to go to school? We can use this money to build schools for them. 
Margaret’s eyes lit up. “Okay! Let’s do as you say!” 
She chuckled with her phone in hand. “Wynter, I can earn money on my own again. I can finally earn money on my own!” 
“Yes, Grandma. You’ve earned a lot,” Wynter replied affectionately as she continued to massage Margaret’s legs. “It’s enough to pay for those fish Wolf scared to death last time.” 
Wolf was a tech worker. He still had his QR code on from after work. When he heard his name, he looked up and said, “Hmm?” 
The alleyway was alive with their laughter. Wynter and her family finally had something to look forward to. 
Susan looked on warmly. “Mrs. Yates Senior has had a tough life. I used to think Wynter was just a naive girl, but now, she’s really something!” 
Susan’s husband, Hagrid, happily ate his fish. “Yeah, Wolf isn’t bad either. The last time I took him to the river, he scared those fish so much that they jumped right onto the bank. I ended up with fish I didn’t even need to fish for!“.
Susan shook her head and pinched his ear, saying, “I’m telling you one thing, and you’re saying something else.
###chapter135
Chapter 135 Skeptical About Wynter’s Whereabouts 
“Mr. Hilton, this is the place,” the driver said, stopping the car at a junction. 
Larry looked skeptically at the narrow and old cobblestone alley. He frowned and asked, ” Are you sure?” 
He wondered why Wynter would be in such a place. Next to it was a vegetable market that was brought to life with the sound of people bargaining. 
Larry hadn’t been to a place like this since he entered the business industry. 
Jerry confirmed, “This is indeed Waterview Alley. Do you still want to go to the hospital across the street to look for her?” 
“The hospital? No.” Larry pointed to the alley and replied, “This place will do.” 
He knew Wynter wouldn’t even go to the hospital because she was lazy and disliked the smell of blood. 
Larry hopped out of the car, after which a line of bodyguards in black followed suit. Their imposing presence made them look like gangsters. 
Despite wearing a smile, Larry didn’t look like a friendly person. He approached an old man and asked, “Excuse me, do you know where the Empathy Clinic is?” 
Warren Wick, who was buying vegetables, shivered when Larry suddenly approached him. He pushed his cart away and answered, “I don’t know! 
Larry paused. He touched his face and asked Jerry, “Am I that scary?”
“Mr. Hilton, you’re just imposing.” Jerry, who graduated from business school, refined his sentence before speaking. 
Larry clicked his tongue and smiled. “Well, that old man must know. I 
follow him.” 
Of course, Warren knew. The Empathy Clinic was just opposite his house. Having received Wynter’s fish earlier that morning, he felt compelled to return the favor and hurried back to warn her about the impending threat! 
The imposing bodyguards naturally caught the attention of the elderly individuals who were in the midst of choosing vegetables. 
Ewan Scott, who had followed along, quickly paid the parking fee. It was only then that he realized this wasn’t just any place. It was the dilapidated alley where his mother lived. 
Chapter 135 Skeptical About Wynter’s Whereabouts 
“Why would Mr. Hilton come to such a place?” he muttered to himself. 
Ewan found it odd and hurriedly walked ahead. 
Arriving a step too late, he wasn’t certain if Mr. Hilton had entered the alley. Therefore, he decided to wait near the Alpard. He was confident that Larry would emerge sooner or later. 
In the deepest part of the alley, Wynter had just finished packing up the equipment. She was still seated on the chair and sending messages.
Every time she ended her live broadcasts, the moderator, Modoo7, would come to find her, and this time was no exception. 
“You still haven’t shown your face. Would you consider revealing it once you hit five million. followers? It could be a special treat for your fans and might even boost your tips.” 
Wynter responded, “I’m not interested.” 
After a pause, his reply came. “Alright, I respect your decision. Every streamer has their own style. The police mentioned they might need your help with something…” 
She attached a screenshot. “Here’s evidence from one of my live streams. You can pass it on to the police for the forensics team to examine.” 
Mod007 was taken aback. He couldn’t help but wonder if this new streamer was truly influential enough to be aware of what the police were after. 
“We can actually include an emblem with the defensive shield. Would you like me to add the same emblem to the Emperor VIP in your live stream?” 
Wynter paused briefly in thought. Since Mr. Yarwood had made a substantial contribution, he held sway as often seen with those who had financial support. Without questioning the emblem, she responded casually, “Sure, thank you.” 
Mod007 then added, “Oh, and there’s one more thing. I didn’t realize. I preferred not to show your face, so I enrolled you in the platform’s annual selection. I saw that there’s quite the exposure and prize money, so I figured I’d give you a push.” 
Wynter replied, “I noticed that. That’s fine, thank you.”
Mod007 was somewhat taken aback as he had anticipated Wynter to be stricter. 
Many top streamers, particularly those who receive substantial tips, were difficult to handle. 
He hadn’t expected Wynter to be so pleasant… 
Chapter 135 Skeptical About Wynter’s Whereabouts 
Outside the Empathy Clinic’s door, Warren shouted, “Wynter, hurry. Hide your sign!” 
Wynter put away her phone and poured him a cup of tea. “Mr. Wick, take your time. What’s going on?” 
“We’ve got trouble in the alley! There’s a big car with Kingbourne’s license plate, and a bunch of people dressed in black are asking about your grandma’s clinic. Luckily, I caught on and didn’t say anything!” Warren quickly sipped some water, trying to calm his nerves. Suddenly, the wind chime at the door jingled.
###chapter136
Chapter 136 The Mysterious Boss 
“Sir, why did you deceive me?” 
Larry’s hearty laughter filled the room as he entered with a smug look on his face. 
Warren shivered and hid behind Wynter. 
Wynter raised her eyes slightly. Her gaze was calm and indifferent, yet it was strikingly 
beautiful. 
Larry immediately spotted her as soon as he entered, but he didn’t think much of Wynter’s identity. 
He strolled in with his bodyguards and tactfully inquired, “Kid, is your guardian home? I’m not feeling too well. I saw your live stream online, so I wanted to come over for a consult at 
the clinic.” 
He was familiar with pickup lines and thought, “Since Boss lives in such a place, she surely prefers to keep her identity concealed.” 
Wynter’s l*ps curved upward in a faint smirk. “Who are you calling a ‘kid‘?” 
Larry’s smug expression vanished instantly as he spun around upon hearing that familiar 
voice. 
Wynter chewed on her gum. Her long black hair cascaded down, and she smiled slightly.” Mr. Hilton, it seems even important people forget sometimes. Do you not recognize me?” 
At that moment, Larry was shocked to see her–the person whom he had longed to meet.
“I, uh…” he stammered, almost calling her “Boss.” 
However, Wynter silenced him with just a glance. 
Warren’s eyes widened. Then, he questioned, “Wynter, do you know this man?” 
She responded persuasively, “Mr. Wick, take a closer look. Isn’t he the wealthy businessman who appeared on TV not long ago?” 
Warren rubbed his blurry eyes and then glanced at Larry. “My goodness! It’s him!” 
He recalled seeing him on his phone and immediately recognized Larry as the wealthy investor planning to invest in Southdale. He had been closely following Larry’s news on TV. 
“He used to be my grandmother’s patient,” Wynter explained. 
Chapter 136 The Mysterious Boss 
Warren nodded knowingly. “That explains it. No wonder he’s here!” 
“Shall I attend to him first?” Wynter asked with a smile. 
Warren caught the hint and replied, “Alright, I’ll take my leave.” 
After he left, she glanced at Larry’s bodyguards. 
“Mr. Hilton, since you’re here for an undisclosed illness, let’s keep things low–key,” she said casually as she placed her equipment down. Then, she glanced at Larry. “Don’t you agree?”
Larry touched the large gold chain around his neck and responded, “You’re right, Boss. Jerry, stay. Everyone else, wait outside.” 
“Don’t loiter in the alley, either. It’s too conspicuous,” Wynter added nonchalantly. 
Larry immediately added, “Everyone, wait by the car!” 
“Yes, Mr. Hilton!” 
The bodyguards all made their way outside. However, they were puzzled by Larry’s sudden show of respect and his addressing Wynter as “Boss.” They couldn’t help but wonder when Larry had become so deferential. 
Inside the clinic, Larry’s expression toggled between admiration and shock. 
“Boss, I never imagined you were still so young! You’re really beautiful. Anyone who didn’t know might think you’re the campus belle. It’s all Greg’s fault for reaching out to you and not telling me!” 
“I told him not to tell you,” Wynter said calmly as she handed him and Jerry each a cup of 
tea. 
Larry felt deceived. “Boss, you can’t play favorites like that!” 
The more Larry looked at Wynter, the more unbelievable it seemed that she was this young. 
Jerry was also taken aback. He recalled their encounter at the Yates family’s villa during a conversation with Ewan. “Oh, her? She’s just an insignificant adopted daughter,” he 
remarked.
Jerry hadn’t forgotten the disdain in Ewan’s eyes when Wynter’s name was brought up, or how she had been driven out of the Yates family on the night of the banquet. 
While Jerry didn’t concern himself with such matters, he couldn’t help but feel that Ewan had been too ruthless. He found himself scrutinizing her more closely because of her aloof 
Chapter 136 The Mysterious Boss 
demeanor and the way she tightly held onto her black bag when
###chapter137
Chapter 137 Bringing Wynter Back to Kingbourne 
Jerry y was still in disbelief that Wynter was their boss. His hands trembled as the realization sank in, and he nervously adjusted his glasses. 
Ewan would surely regret it if he found out about Wynter’s identity. 
Finally, Jerry grasped the reason why Gregory had assigned some projects to a small 
company like the Yates Group. It was all because of Wynter. 
Jerry picked up his glasses and stammered, “Boss, you…” 
“Seems like you’ve recognized me, Jerry,” Wynter said with a smile. 
He quickly added, “I didn’t recognize you at the Yates villa. If I had, I would have-” 
“I didn’t want anyone to know,” she said as she toyed with the teacup in her hand. “You did the right thing.” 
Larry was puzzled. “The Yates villa? What villa?” 
Jerry lowered his gaze. “Mr. Hilton, I’ll explain later.” 
Larry didn’t care about these minor details. All he cared about was one thing. “Boss, let’s head back to Kingbourne now! Haha, I’m pumped! Once you’re back in Kingbourne, we’ll kick some serious ass!” 
Wynter chuckled and said, “I can’t go back now. As you can see, my business is just getting started.” 
Larry was stunned. With such a big corporation in Kingbourne, he wondered why she wasn’t concerned about it and instead focused on this small shop.
“Then, I’ll stick around and help you with business,” Larry declared loyally. “Boss, you’re aiming to cash in on the internet as a live streamer, right? I knew it!” 
Wynter replied calmly, “You’re overthinking it. I just want to be a simple traditional medicine practitioner.” 
“In that case, I’ll invest in pharmaceuticals!” Larry couldn’t be chased away. “It’s been so long since I’ve done business with you, Boss. I’ve checked out Southdale, and the market’s mature. If you’re serious about opening a shop, I’m all in!” 
Wynter hadn’t responded yet when a cough came from the side. “Wynter, who are you talking to?” 
Chapter 137 Bringing Wynter Back to Kingbourne 
“Grandma, are you awake?” Wynter immediately went over to help the woman up. She then explained with a smile, “A major investor learned of our online presence. He believes the Empathy Clinic holds promise. He’s interested in investing in us.” 
Margaret glanced around. “Can something this wonderful really be true?” 
Larry, being a smooth talker, immediately said, “The Empathy Clinic is gaining massive popularity online. Now’s the best time for us to collaborate with you. It might cost us a fortune later on.” 
Margaret sized him up, noticing his flashy gold chain, then glanced at Jerry. “He seems reliable,” she remarked. 
Jerry adjusted his glasses and politely corrected her. “Madam, actually, that’s our boss over 
there.”
Margaret chuckled softly. “I understand your concern, but how should we discuss this investment? As you’ve seen, my shop is modest in size with limited space.” 
She continued, “Your boss does seem quite formidable. While I’m not averse to taking risks, Wynter has always been courteous and considerate. If any issues arise during our 
collaboration, how can I best address them with your boss?” 
Larry couldn’t believe his ears when Margaret described Wynter as courteous and considerate. The combination of those words just didn’t make sense to him. 
He wished he could be more like Gregory, who was always polite. “Madam, please believe me. I would never mistreat this young lady,” he stammered. 
However, Margaret shook her head. “You’re too easygoing. Who in their right mind would be so agreeable when it comes to investments?” 
Indeed, Larry’s eagerness seemed almost too good to be true. 
Pointing to a slogan on the wall, Margaret remarked, “Even the Public….egrity Department says, “There’s no such thing as a free lunch.‘ 
Larry was left speechless in an instant.
###chapter138
Chapter 138 The Hidden Surprise of Wynter’s Identity 
“I, I…” Larry was utterly speechless. 
Ultimately, it was Wynter who came to his rescue. She whispered to Margaret, “Grandma, he’s recommended by the Lopez family and has appeared on the Southdale TV station.” 
“Is that so?” Margaret’s attitude changed instantly and turned to look at Larry. “Then he’s a VIP guest. We must treat him well!” 
Upon hearing that, Larry felt a sense of relief in the fact that he had appeared on TV for the past couple of days. 
“There’s no need for any special treatment. I-” Larry began to decline, but Wynter chimed in with a smile, “We’ve got to treat him to a meal. I’ll take him out later.” 
“That’s right. We should grab a meal together.” Margaret, like many older folks, tended to believe what she heard on TV. “Mr. Lopez still remembers us.” 
Larry was left wondering which “Mr. Lopez” Margaret was referring to. 
Wynter glanced at him. “Mr. Lopez Senior has always been supportive. He helped increase my popularity during my live streams, which got Mr. Hilton interested. Initially, Mr. Hilton only planned to invest in the Lopez family. As for the Empathy Clinic, it could be considered 
a fortuitous investment.” 
Larry, who had traveled from Kingbourne to Southdale, wasn’t about to let this opportunity sl*p by. He nodded enthusiastically. “Exactly! The Empathy Clinic is only an additional
investment! 
Margaret finally let her guard down and whispered to Wynter, “Is Mr. Lopez also involved in 
this collaboration?” 
“He’ll be there to sign the contract,” Wynter replied calmly. “Mr. Hilton only came here to get to know us.” 
Larry nodded quickly. “That’s right. I’d like to get to know you!” 
If other people in the business world saw Larry’s current compliance, they might begin to suspect that he was under a spell! 
For fear that it might haunt him later, Jerry refrained from lingering on Larry’s compliant demeanor. 
Margaret remained cautious. “If you’re dining out, take Wolf along with you.” 
Larry was puzzled and wondered who, exactly, Wolf was. 
Just then, a boy in a lab coat, who had a large black leather bag slung over his shoulders, walked over. He lifted his eyes and smirked at Larry. 
Larry was stunned upon seeing Wolf and stuttered, “H–How did he get here?” 
“He?” Margaret sensed that something was off. She frowned and inquired, “Mr. Hilton, do you know Wolf?” 
It had always been Margaret’s heartfelt wish to help Wolf find his family. 
Margaret had firmly decided that if Wolf was indeed an abandoned child, she would take this secret to her grave and leave him a house.
But if Wolf’s parents were searching for him, she would make sure to promptly reunite him with them. 
Wynter noticed the tension and gave Larry a meaningful look. 
Sensing his mistake, Larry hurriedly spoke up, “I did meet this young friend once!” 
At that moment, Larry must have summoned the courage of a lion to refer to Wolf as a young friend. 
With the instincts of a seasoned businessman, Larry quickly added, “He once helped me out. I’ve been looking for him for ages, and I’ve finally found him here! Madam, it seems that fate has brought us together!” 
Margaret was doubtful of his words and turned to Wolf to ask, “Did you really help him?” 
After a moment’s thought, Wolf nodded and gestured. 
Margaret chuckled and affectionately patted his head as she teased, “You’re such a little money–lover! How can you expect payment after lending a hand?” 
Wolf lifted his head defiantly and glanced at Larry, as if questioning why he couldn’t expect some reward for helping someone out. 
“No. I should be paying!” Larry exclaimed and reached for his checkbook. 
The thoughtful Wolf gently placed his leather bag on the ground and revealed the payment code printed on his clothes. Then, he raised his hand and pointed at it, as if he was trying to say, “Scan this!” 
Jerry couldn’t help but wonder if Wolf really was twelve years old. 
Wolf’s actions truly reflected his position as someone under Boss, and his move was
undeniably brilliant!
###chapter139
Chapter 139 The Puzzle of Wynter Identity 
Standing next to the car, Ewan’s impatience grew. He couldn’t wait any longer and was about to venture into the alley to search for Larry. 
However, Ewan was not dumb. Seeing Larry make such a grand entrance when he entered earlier, he knew it would’ve drawn some attention. 
Thus, he decided to ask Susan and Warren if they knew where Larry had gone. If that didn’t work, he would go straight to Margaret and ask her instead! 
Before Ewan could step inside, his attention was drawn to Jerry, who was standing outside. the barbecue shop. To his surprise, Larry was seated at a table by the window. 
Growing up, Ewan had frequented this modest shop himself. But seeing someone like Larry here was unexpected and out of place. 
Unbeknownst to Ewan, the choice of venue was orchestrated by Wynter, who valued convenience above all else. 
“More meat. Wolf loves it,” she insisted. 
Larry’s smile was almost ingratiating. “Bring us 20 plates of mutton!” 
Wolf gestured with a hand that indicated the number five. 
Wynter calmly ordered, “Make it 50 plates.” 
Larry quickly complied. “50 plates then!”
Larry marveled at Wolf, “Boss, it’s truly remarkable how accommodating Wolf is when you’re present. It’s quite amazing that Wolf was the first to find you.” 
Wynter simply nodded without delving into details. 
Larry rolled up his sleeves and handed her the utensils. “Boss, Wolf seems a bit unfamiliar 
with me.” 
It struck Larry as odd that Wolf didn’t even playfully pull his hair upon seeing him. 
Besides, Wolf’s eyes used to be a different color. 
Wynter gently patted Wolf’s head. “He matured too quickly. His nutrition couldn’t keep pace, and it affected his brain.” 
Larry was shocked. “What do you mean?” 
“He suffers from amnesia,” Wynter remarked casually as she tied her black hair into a ponytail. 
She then placed an order for a plate of mutton before glancing outside. “Larry, you’ve brought along a follower.” 
Upon hearing this, Wolf stopped eating and tried to rush out. 
Wynter raised her hand to halt him. “That’s none of your concern. Finish your meal, then prepare some noodles for Grandma. She prefers them without meat, so add an egg and boil the noodles until they’re soft.” 
Their position was conveniently obscured by a wall from Ewan’s view outside. All he could discern was Larry attentively tending to someone seated across from him..
Ewan couldn’t help but wonder who it was that could be important enough to compel Larry to go to such lengths. 
Ewan’s eyes sparkled as he yearned to barge in. 
Jerry was surprised by the shamelessness of Ewan, who had apparently followed them here. 
Larry certainly didn’t want to see him, so without hesitation, Jerry stepped forward to intercept him. “Mr. Yates, what do you think you’re doing?” 
“Jerry, we’ve been friends for a long time. I just want to head in for a meal. I won’t disturb Mr. Hilton,” Ewan smiled apologetically. “At most, I’ll raise a glass to him.” 
Jerry’s tone was icy. “Mr. Hilton has never met you, and there’s no need for drinks.” 
“I can tell Mr. Hilton is in a good mood,” Ewan persisted, not giving up on the idea of going 
1. in. 
He stood on tiptoe to get a better view. “But who are the people dining with him? How did they end up meeting here?” 
Jerry blocked his way. “Ewan, if you keep this up, I’ll have to call security.” 
“Please, don’t,” Ewan pleaded. He even offered a cigarette to appease Jerry. “I’m just curious. I only want to see for myself why someone as influential as Mr. Hilton would even bother giving utensils to others.” 
But Jerry wasn’t swayed. He turned around and commanded, “Get him out of here.”
In that fleeting moment, Ewan strained to catch a glimpse inside. With just one look, he found himself instantly frozen in place!
###chapter140
Chapter 140 Ewan’s Attempt to Win Back Wynter 
Ewan was shocked to the core when he saw that it was Wynter whom Larry was serving. 
He took a step back in disbelief and almost stumbled in the process. If it weren’t for the security guard supporting him, he might have collapsed right then and there. 
It seemed almost inconceivable to Ewan that Larry had canceled a meeting with the Chamber of Commerce just to meet with Wynter. 
As Ewan was pulled away, he slowly regained his senses. He wanted to rush back in for a closer look, but it wasn’t possible anymore. 
He was certain that the person seated across from Larry was indeed Wynter, and beside her was the little beggar Margaret had rescued. 
He couldn’t help but wonder how Wynter had gotten the chance to meet Larry. 
After pondering for a moment, a thought struck him. 
“It must be through the live stream!” He muttered. “Wanda had mentioned that Margaret was doing live streams with the girl she rescued!” 
Ewan seemed to grasp onto an idea and wanted to contact Wynter. Only then did he realize that he had already deleted her number. 
In frustration, Ewan berated himself with a light slap. “I should contact Margaret!” 
Immediately, he dialed Margaret’s number, only to find out that he had been blocked! 
Ewan was frantic. His mind raced, and he finally decided to contact Susan.
The short tempered Susan snapped, “Exactly! Some investors saw the live stream and wanted to invest in Wynter. What’s it to you?” 
“Click!” Susan impatiently hung up the phone. 
But Ewan smiled. “Just as I suspected.” 
He had heard about how some big shots liked to lavish attention on female live streamers. and engage in under–the–table deals. 
Ewan narrowed his eyes. “Why didn’t I think of it earlier? That face of hers could be quite useful!” 
With this realization, he suddenly felt less pressured. Wynter had always listened to Margaret. So, if he could just please Margaret, getting Wynter back would be easy! 
Jerry regretted not keeping a closer eye on him, and his face was filled with self–reproach. ” Boss, feel free to punish me if you want.” 
“It’s not a big deal, and there’s nothing to punish you for,” Wynter replied casually as she served some food for Wolf. 
Her expression remained calm, yet it exuded an intimidating presence. 
Jerry suddenly understood why Larry referred to Winter as “Boss.” 
Despite his years of experience and encounters with many young ladies from prominent families, none possessed Wynter’s commanding presence, especially at such a young age. 
Her composed demeanor left Jerry at a loss for words. 
Wynter then spoke again. “Sit down, and let’s eat together. People like Ewan always think that they have everything figured out, but they can never guess my true identity.”
Jerry lowered his gaze and expressed his concern. “I actually hope that he’ll be able to guess. your identity so that it can alert him. But the way he left seemed suspicious, and I’m worried that he might pose a threat to you, Boss.” 
Upon hearing this, Larry slammed his fork down in frustration. “How dare he? Who does he think he is?” 
Larry finally grasped the challenging situation Wynter faced in Southdale, where even small company CEOs like Ewan attempted to bully her. 
“As long as I’m still around, I’ll bankrupt anyone who dares to try!” 
Larry remained unaware that Wynter had been raised by the Yates. But even if he knew, his 
attitude would remain the same. 
“The Welkin Corporation was originally built for you to toy with. These people in Southdale have really overstepped their boundaries!” Larry exclaimed. 
When the Dark Web Alliance existed, Larry had already entered society, while younger businessmen like Ewan were likely still in their infancy. 
Larry couldn’t comprehend their audacity to trouble Wynter. “Who gave them the guts to hassle with you?” 
Jerry struggled to explain the complexities. 
“Hassle with me?” Wynter chuckled and propped up her chin with one hand. “Well, that’s perfect then. I’ll use this opportunity to ruin him, so Grandma won’t be heartbroken anymore.” 
As she said this, she played with the matchbox in her hand. Despite her youth, her gaze held
a dangerous chill that made one’s spine tingle.
###chapter141
Chapter 141 The Rise of the Empathy Clinic 
Wolf was inexplicably excited. He stopped eating and quickly typed two words on his phone. “Destroy him!” 
Wynter casually toyed with her teacup and remarked, “Keep your actions low–key and discreet to avoid drawing unwanted attention. And Mr. Hilton, your cooperation would be greatly appreciated.” 
At the mention of “Mr. Hilton“, Larry felt a slight unease. “Um, I’m not used to that.” 
Wynter smiled gently. “You’ll get used to it. From now on, I’ll be focusing on medical live streaming, so just don’t give yourself away.” 
y keep be 
Larry nodded enthusiastically. “Boss, are we a low profile?” 
“Exactly,” Wynter lifted her gaze and turned to Jerry. “Jerry, the same goes for you as well. Try not to let your eyes wander every time you see me. Keep it natural.” 
Jerry nodded respectfully. “Okay, Dr. Genius.” 
“Alright, let’s talk about where the company is headed,” Wynter said and tapped open the tablet brought by Wolf. 
She added, “Our livestream viewership is on the rise, so Grandma and I won’t be able to manage everything alone. We’ll need customer service, operations staff, and initiatives to support agriculture and education. It’d also be great if everyone we hire has some medical knowledge.”
Turning to Larry, Wynter continued, “Larry, you can handle the agriculture and education support. There are likely many mountainous areas in Southdale without schools.” 
“Got it!” Larry’s excitement was palpable. “What about Greg? Are we excluding him from the company?” 
Wynter smiled gently. “Exactly. He’s not part of the plan. Only the Lopez family and those of us here are involved in the company’s development. If Jerry is interested in investing, he’s more than welcome to join us.” 
“I’m in!” Jerry straightened up. He was thrilled at the prospect of starting a new company with Wynter. 
“Alright, I’ll draft a partnership agreement in a couple of days. You guys don’t need to worry too much about the live stream’s viewership,” Wynter assured them. 
Larry chuckled heartily. “Absolutely. There’s no need to fret about that, Boss. You’ve got the 
golden touch, and everything you do seems to turn into gold. You just started doing a live stream, and it became an instant hit!” 
Larry chimed in, “If your viewership wasn’t so high, I probably wouldn’t have stumbled upon you!” 
“It was all unexpected,” Wynter admitted truthfully. If it weren’t for Mr. Yarwood’s excessively generous gift, she wouldn’t have gained such rapid popularity overnight. 
Wynter had initially planned to gradually build up her account, but unfortunately, Mr. Yarwood didn’t give her that chance. 
The Empathy Clinic’s popularity remained stable thanks to the four hundred thousand dollars in meteor shower gifts and the hundred thousand–dollar defensive shield.
Meanwhile, the group of wealthy ladies in Southdale coincidentally gathered for beauty treatments. With Lilian acting as the mediator, Wanda and Zendaya finally sat together. 
Each woman, with a designer handbag in tow, sipped on tea and shared anecdotes about their husbands and children while they waited for their massages. 
Wanda proudly boasted about her daughter’s, Yvette’s, achievements. “Yvette is thriving in her studies at Kingbourne. She’s fluent in three different languages and has plans to study abroad in the future.” 
Lilian chuckled. “Yvette’s accomplishments are truly impressive. I heard that the Shepherd family’s heir has taken a liking to her. Could it be that they’re in love?” 
With plans for her daughter to ascend the social ladder, Wanda replied, “Their relationship 
is fine, but Yvette is dedicated to her studies and intends to remain in Kingbourne.” 
Zendaya caught her implication and took a sip of her tea before remarking, “So, the Shepherd family isn’t prestigious enough, huh?” 
“Mrs. Jennings!” Wanda retorted. “That’s not what I meant!” 
C
###chapter142
Wanda’s Regret 
Lilian interjected, “Hey, take a look at this new fund I bought. It’s not showing any growth. Remember how Welln Corporation talked about investing in pharmaceuticals? Why hasn’t the fund gone up? Is Mr. Hilton just making empty promises?” 
“Have you met Mr. Hilton?” Wanda immediately straightened up. 
She did not forget her main purpose she came in the first place. “Has he mentioned anything?” 
Zendaya chuckled and retorted, “How are we supposed to meet him whenever we want? Even Ewan has trouble with it.” 
“We used to collaborate with Welkin Corporation. Jerry, Mr. Hilton’s assistant, has been friends with Ewan for years. It’s not easy to meet him!” Wanda replied calmly. 
Zendaya couldn’t be bothered with her, as her words were just idle gossip. 
Wanda was about to say more because Zendaya didn’t seem to believe her. All of a sudden, Lilian exclaimed while browsing her phone, “The Empathy Clinic! Oh my goodness! Mrs. Yates, isn’t the Empathy Clinic in Waterview Alley owned by your family? I’m certain of it!” 
“That shabby massage parlor? It’s not related to us,” Wanda felt embarrassed as she expected the conversation to turn to the live stream. “My mother–in–law runs it.” 
Zendaya chuckled even more. “Oh, it’s definitely not your thing. I mean, it’s become so popular, and I can’t imagine you pulling it off.” 
With that, she stood up and followed the masseuse into a private room.
Wanda was still puzzled by Zendaya’s remark. She slammed her teacup down in frustration. 
“Can’t you all see how overbearing Mrs. Jennings is? She’s always monitoring me, just waiting for me to sl*p up! Does she really think I’d ever want my mother–in–law to start live streaming? How is that any different from begging for money!” 
Feeling uncomfortable with the tension, Lilian handed her the phone. “Why don’t you take a look at this live stream?” 
“What’s so interesting about it? It’s just a small–scale…” Wanda’s words trailed off as she watched the video, “Is this trending?” 
Since Wanda wasn’t completely clueless, Lilian clarified, “It’s not just trending, there are also tips involved.” 
“Tips?” Wanda quickly grabbed her phone, eager to see for herself how popular the Empathy Clinic live stream was. 
But Lilian got straight to the point. “The profit is nearing half a million dollars.” 
Wanda wasn’t sheltered, but recently, the Yates family was struggling financially. How could a livestream rake in that much money? 
Lilian looked at the dumbfounded Wanda and frowned deeply. “Mrs. Yates, is your relationship with your mother–in–law really that bad? She’s become so popular in Southdale, and you didn’t even know?” 
Over the years, Wanda had always projected the image of a virtuous wife and caring mother in public. 
Despite feeling bitter about Lilian’s comment, Wanda could only grit her teeth and swallow her pride, saying, “My mother–in–law does as she pleases, and I don’t pay it much mind. I simply fulfill my duties
as a daughter–in–law.” 
However, Lilian was skeptical of Wanda’s words and concluded that she was insincere. As for their friendship? Lilian couldn’t be bothered to engage with her any further. 
Wanda had yet to realize that her carefully cultivated social circle had been completely destroyed. 
As the profits of the live stream surged on her phone screen, she tightened her grip on the device, longing for it to be her own. 
The livestream had actually raked in half a million dollars in just one and a half hours. She couldn’t bring herself to imagine what the next day, or the day after, would bring. What other business could generate money so quickly? 
Wanda suddenly remembered Margaret’s request for a loan. Now, she deeply regretted not agreeing to it. 
She blamed herself for not lending Margaret the mere five thousand dollars she requested. 
As the thought sank in, Wanda felt increasingly suffocated with regret. 
If she had lent the money to Margaret, the livestream would undoubtedly be hers now. Wanda glanced at the phone screen once more, and a malicious gleam flashed in her eyes.
###chapter143
Chapter 143 Wanda’s Malicious Thoughts 
Even if she hadn’t lent the money, the livestream should have been hers. 
With that thought in mind, Wanda rose from her seat. She couldn’t continue with the 
massage. 
At that moment, Ewan called her, urging her to come home quickly. 
He got straight to the point and briefed Wanda on what had just happened. 
Wanda gritted her teeth resentfully. “I should have destroyed her face when she left!” 
Ewan frowned. “I mentioned all this to encourage you and Mom to socialize more. If she’s happy, she’ll surely put in a good word for us with Wynter.” 
Wanda scoffed angrily, “She doesn’t seem picky at all, even openly flirting with older men during the live stream. And it’s no surprise she’s raking in so many tips; it’s all thanks to Mr. Hilton.” 
Well, that explanation really cleared things up. Otherwise, she might have started to believe Wynter was some kind of medical genius to rule the world with her miraculous healing 
powers. 
Ewan grew impatient. “Alright, let’s not dwell on this now. Are you going to Mom’s place or not?” 
Wanda wouldn’t dare to truly upset Ewan. “Oh, I didn’t say I wasn’t going,” she responded. After all, if she didn’t go, how else could she convince Wynter to come over? 
“Hurry up then. Bring some gifts along,” Ewan reminded Wanda as he finally remembered
his mother. 
When Yvette returned, she caught Ewan and Wanda’s conversation. “Mom, why are you and Dad heading out?” 
The servant came forward to take Yvette’s things and smiled. “Mr. and Mrs. Yates are going to Mrs. Yates Senior’s place.” 
“To Grandma’s?” Yvette’s eyes widened with curiosity, but then she smiled again. “Dad, Mom, I’ll come along.” 
Wanda pulled her aside. “Why do you want to go? Grandma has everything she needs; you don’t have to worry.” 
Yvette’s tone softened. “But why do you need to go, Mom? And why the rush?” 
Wanda narrowed her eyes. “It’s because of Wynter. She’s stuck to your grandma like glue, and her family is even weirder. They didn’t even bother to come get her.” 
However, Yvette’s hand subtly tightened in response to her mother’s words. 
“You’ve only been back for a few days, sweetheart. Make sure to dress nicely and spend some time with Charlie,” Wanda advised as she adjusted Yvette’s hair. “Getting into the Yarwood’s circle is tough, but if you can impress the Shepherd family, that would be quite an achievement.” 
Yvette blushed and lowered her gaze. “Mom, Charlie and I have only just started getting to know each other.” 
“I’m not that conservative, dear,” Wanda whispered to her daughter. “If you genuinely like each other, it’s okay if things progress.”
Yvette gently squeezed Wanda’s hand and bit her l*p. “Mom, what are you talking about? I’ve only just come back.” 
“Alright, alright, I won’t interfere, but just be sure you’re making the right choices,” Wanda said with a satisfied smile. “How could Wynter even compare to you? You’re meant to marry into the Shepherd family as their young mistress, while she’s entangled with an older man.” 
It was only then that Yvette’s expression shifted slightly. “An older man?” 
“I won’t delve into those disgraceful matters,” Wanda declared as she grabbed her bag. “I’m off to check on that old lady.” 
Yvette tactfully avoided asking to join them. Instead, she went upstairs and skipped her customary favorite lobster bisque. When the servants asked if she needed anything, she just said she wanted to rest. 
With the departure of Wanda and Ewan, the house finally quieted down. Yvette reached for her phone from the bottom drawer and dialed a number. 
Soon, the call connected. “Yvette! You finally called! How’s everything over there? Are settling in? Why haven’t you been in touch with us?” 
you 
Yvette skirted the question and whispered, “You mentioned last time that someone came looking for her. Did you talk to them? Do you know where she is?”
###chapter144
Chapter 144 The Hidden Motives 
“I didn’t let anything sl*p!” The middle–aged woman stood on the hillside and glanced around warily. “You made it clear not to spill anything when you left.” 
Yvette narrowed her eyes. “But what if they offer you money to spill everything?” 
“We’ll pocket the cash,” Fanny retorted with a sardonic grin. “But we’ve been feeding them false leads. Plus, there are others who paid to keep her whereabouts hidden.” 
Yvette felt a wave of relief wash over her. “Mom, you did the right thing.” 
As it turned out, the middle–aged woman was none other than Fanny Yaleman, who had initially taken the wrong child. 
Fanny teared up when Yvette finally called her “Mom” after so long. “Yvette, we did everything you asked,” she said. “And thankfully, you warned us that admitting what happened could land us in jail for human trafficking. We owe you for that.” 
“Got it.” Yvette got the information she needed and swiftly changed the subject. “Mom, we need to stay alert. Once this whole situation blows over, I’ll come fetch you and Dad to live in the city.” 
Fanny’s eyes lit up. “Really? Then your brother has to come too! You promised to buy him a house!” 
“Absolutely,” Yvette reassured with a grin. “Just relax and enjoy yourselves.” 
Yvette certainly wouldn’t be buying him a house. She also couldn’t help but disdainfully regard them as a bunch of freeloaders.
Despite her dissatisfaction with them leeching on her, Yvette comforted her mother. ” Remember, don’t reveal anything about me. If it comes down to it, just claim her as your own daughter.” 
“Don’t worry, I’ll do as you asked,” Fanny assured, then lowering her voice she asked, “But Yvette, whose child is she? How did she cause such a commotion?” 
Yvette’s eyes turned frigid. “It doesn’t matter whose child she is. If they find out, I can’t protect you and Dad.” 
“We’ll make sure they never find out,” Fanny declared confidently. “After all, this village is packed with our people.!! 
Yvette nodded knowingly. With a smile, she said, “With the village head supporting us, everything should be fine. Mom, if there’s an emergency, remember to reach out to me first. 
“Of course, darling!” Fanny’s focus then turned to her son. “And what about house?” 
Yvette’s gaze sharpened. “Once you’re here, I’ll take you to choose one.” 
your brother’s 
Of course, that was just to placate Fanny, and Yvette certainly wouldn’t be buying that house for her brother. After hanging up the phone and powering off her device, she finally felt at 
ease. 
With everything settled, whatever commotion Wynter stirred wouldn’t make a difference. 
And the status of the young lady of the Yates family belonged to her alone.
At the Empathy Clinic in Waterview Alley, Margaret, wielding a cane, promptly ushered Wanda out before she could even step into the yard. 
The neighbors watched without intervening, as they too shared a dislike for Wanda. 
“Get out!” Margaret, unlike before, had no desire to engage with these scoundrels. 
The typically pampered Wanda exclaimed, “My Chanel coat! Mom, could you please stop acting irrationally? Have you ever seen another mother–in–law treat her daughter–in–law in such a manner?” 
“You’re up to no good!” Margaret’s eyes darkened. “What do you want from me this time?” 
Ewan tried to keep his cool despite his frustration. He intervened, “Mom, we simply want to have a conversation with Wynter. It’s not suitable to discuss this out here where everyone can see. Let’s go inside.” 
“Oh?” Wynter, clad in black pants and a white T–shirt, walked over. A baseball cap crowned her head, accentuating her captivating dark eyes. “What do you want to talk to me about?” she asked.
###chapter145
Chapter 145 The Fall of the Yates Group 
Kwan instinctively glanced behind him, wondering why Larry wasn’t there, 
Wynter smiled nonchalantly, “Looking for someone?” 
Kwan put on a fake smile and said, “Wynter, there was a misunderstanding between us before.” 
“What misunderstanding?” Wynter’s l*ps curved slightly. “The one where you almost killed me, or the one where you forced me to leave town?” 
Amid the murmurs of the neighbors, someone commented, “Are they even acting like parents? How could they treat their child like this?” 
Unable to tolerate the gossiping neighbors any longer, Wanda exploded, “She’s not even our biological daughter! Why should we tolerate her? She’s like an annoying thorn in our side!” 
Seeing the trouble Wanda was stirring up, Ewan quickly intervened. 
“Stop it,” he said, shooting her a meaningful look as a reminder of the purpose of their visit. 
Wanda simply rolled her eyes and said, “I mean, look at her! She’s flunking her studies, can’t even handle a book, and now she’s flirting with older men on live streams! What on earth are we supposed to do with her?” 
Margaret’s blood boiled at the accusation. “You’re spouting nonsense!” 
“I’m not. Isn’t she out dining with some rich businessman today?” She smirked coldly. ” Let’s be real here. Mom, are you really that clueless, or just pretending? Why else would a wealthy man like him bother with a girl like her, if not for her youth and beauty?”
“You…” Margaret clutched her chest. 
Wynter instinctively took Margaret’s cane and gently reassured her, “Grandma, you’re getting agitated again. I’ve told you before, they’re not worth it.” 
Clutching Wynter’s hand tightly, Margaret replied, “I’m not concerned about them, Wynter, 
dear granddaughter. How could they speak so ill of you?” 
my 
Wynter calmly remarked, “Their hearts are tainted. They see everything through a dirty lens. 
11 Her gaze 
then shifted to Ewan. “Given that you’re Grandma’s son, I won’t harm you, but 
perhaps it’s time for the Yates Group to meet its end.” 
Under Wynter’s penetrating gaze, Ewan felt a chill run down his spine, leaving his hands and legs as cold as ice. 
Wanda scoffed, “Who do you think you are? Do you think you can just bankrupt the Yates Group with a few words?” 
Wynter subtly lifted her eyes and responded, “Try me.” 
Wanda gritted her teeth, hating the fact that this brat dared to mention bankrupting the Yates Group. 
“And you claim you have no connection with Mr. Hilton? If it’s not him giving you confidence, how dare a brat like you be so arrogant?” Wanda’s tone grew more aggressive.” Do you think sleeping with an older man will bring us down? You-”
“Smack!” Wynter delivered a firm slap across Wanda’s face. She smiled beautifully and sneered, “So what?” 
Wanda froze, then clutched her throbbing face. Her eyes widened in shock as she yelled, How dare you! You’re just an insolent country girl! I’ll take 
your life!” 
Wynter struck again with another beautifully executed slap, her eyes indifferent as she remarked, “You’re really annoying.” 
Wanda’s hair flew loose from the force of the slap. Shouting like a madwoman, she accused, “After cozying up to Mr. Hilton, you’ve got some nerve! I’ve underestimated you! Ewan, why are you just standing there? Hit her back!” 
Wynter smirked. 
Ewan was about to raise his hand, but before he could, he was kicked over. 
Ewan winced in pain as he crumpled to the ground. He was completely immobilized.
###chapter146
Chapter 146 Meeting Mr. Yarwood 
Wynter’s kick struck brutally, leaving Ewan bloodied and sprawled on the ground. 
Wanda, trembling with fear, dared not speak a word. 
Wynter’s eyes simmered with anger as she half–bent to lift him up. She said, “I never wanted to resort to violence in front of Grandma, but someone like you truly deserves it.” 
Ewan cowered. He cast a desperate glance at Margaret and begged, “Mom, do something, please!” 
“Only now you decide to call her ‘Mom‘?” Wynter’s eyes blazed with crimson fury as she lifted his face. “When you tossed Grandma out, did you conveniently forget she’s your 
mother?” 
“Thud!” Wynter’s next blow reverberated like thunder. The tangible hostility emanating from her sent shivers of dread down the entire alleyway. 
Being by Margaret’s side, she had suppressed her emotions for too long, always putting on a 
facade. 
She wasn’t exactly a saint to begin with, and this sudden outburst shook everyone to the 
core. 
Downstairs at the Chamber of Commerce, Wolf stopped next to Larry. 
Before Larry could ask anything, Wolf looked up, and his eyes returned to their usual color.
In the rugged terrain of Southdale’s deep mountains, a dark omen unfolded as a flock of ravens soared ominously toward the city, ecl*psing the once bright sky. 
Wanda’s hands shook as she reached for her phone to call the police. “You’re going to kill 
him!” she exclaimed. 
Wynter’s gaze narrowed as she was poised to strike. 
Out of nowhere, a cold, pale hand delicately enclosed her wrist, suffused with the soothing scent of medicine. A voice, cold yet melodious, reached her ears, “Has someone been mistreating you?” 
As Wynter turned, she was met with the sight of a face so impeccably handsome, belonging 
to none other than her patient. 
His demeanor exuded regality, his skin akin to moonlit snow, and his eyes held depths as profound as ancient chants, captivating her soul completely. 
Chapter 146 Meeting Mr. Yarwood 
As she locked eyes with him, her once tumultuous heart gradually quieted, likely soothed by the calming essence of the beads he wore. 
After a moment’s hesitation, she nodded in response. 
Max Smith, who had flown in from Emstia, couldn’t help but wonder who was the victim 
there.
So, it appeared this was the weak friend Dalton had been so worried about. 
Max, being Emstian, couldn’t help but doubt his grasp of the local language as he pondered which aspect of Wynter appeared vulnerable. 
With one foot still planted on Ewan, Wynter greeted casually, “Is this your friend?” 
“Sort of,” Dalton replied, “I brought him here for treatment.” 
Wynter turned to Smith and greeted him with a casual “Hi.” Her attitude toward the paying client was consistently friendly. 
However, Smith couldn’t help but feel somewhat intimidated by her demeanor, unsure 
whether or not to intervene. 
“Ethan, take the troublemakers away, “Dalton interjected coldly. 
Wynter lifted her foot from where it had been on Ewan and chuckled lightly. “No need, just a family matter,” she remarked casually. 
With those simple words, “family matter,” everyone understood it was best not to interfere. 
Wynter gave Ewan another kick. “Dare to come back again?” she asked. 
Ewan could only mumble incoherently. 
Wanda glared at Margaret and scolded, “Mom, are you just going to stand there and watch your son get beaten?” 
“We no longer have a mother–son relationship,” Margaret said. She let out a sigh and turned to Wynter. “Wynter, let them go.”
Wynter, still wearing a smile, obediently complied. 
Wanda’s expression darkened as she shot Wynter a malicious glare. 
However, this time she didn’t act upon it. Instead, she silently helped Ewan up and left without a word. 
Despite the troubles recently, the Scotts could easily handle someone like Wynter. 
Chapter 146 Meeting Mr. Yarwood 
As she locked eyes with him, her once tumultuous heart gradually quieted, likely soothed by the calming essence of the beads he wore. 
After a moment’s hesitation, she nodded in response. 
Max Smith, who had flown in from Emstia, couldn’t help but wonder who was the victim there. 
So, it appeared this was the weak friend Dalton had been so worried about. 
Max, being Emstian, couldn’t help but doubt his grasp of the local language as he pondered which aspect of Wynter appeared vulnerable. 
With one foot still planted on Ewan, Wynter greeted casually, “Is this your friend?” 
“Sort of,” Dalton replied, “I brought him here for treatment.” 
Wynter turned to Smith and greeted him with a casual “Hi.” Her attitude toward the paying client was consistently friendly. 
However, Smith couldn’t help but feel somewhat intimidated by her demeanor, unsure
whether or not to intervene. 
“Ethan, take the troublemakers away, “Dalton interjected coldly. 
Wynter lifted her foot from where it had been on Ewan and chuckled lightly. “No need, just a family matter,” she remarked casually. 
With those simple words, “family matter,” everyone understood it was best not to interfere. 
Wynter gave Ewan another kick. “Dare to come back again?” she asked. 
Ewan could only mumble incoherently. 
Wanda glared at Margaret and scolded, “Mom, are you just going to stand there and watch your son get beaten?” 
“We no longer have a mother–son relationship,” Margaret said. She let out a sigh and turned to Wynter. “Wynter, let them go.” 
Wynter, still wearing a smile, obediently complied. 
Wanda’s expression darkened as she shot Wynter a malicious glare. 
However, this time she didn’t act upon it. Instead, she silently helped Ewan up and left 
without a word. 
Despite the troubles recently, the Scotts could easily handle someone like Wynter. 
Chapter 146 Meeting Mr. Yarwood 
212
She was curious to see if their live stream could withstand scrutiny from those who migh come to investigate.
###chapter147
Chapter 147 Mr. Yarwood’s Jealousy 
She had plenty of ways to tarnish someone’s reputation online 
Dalton cast a meaningful glance at Ethan before shifting his gaze. 
As Dalton’s personal bodyguard, Ethan grasped his implicit instruction to trail Wanda. 
Yet, Wynter astutely intercepted him with a gentle smile. “Grandma said to let them go.” 
Ethan hesitated before looking up. 
“Listen to her,” Dalton calmly instructed. 
Max was completely taken aback, pondering when Dalton had ever heeded others‘ words, 
He couldn’t shake off his curiosity about Wynter’s background, 
Wynter nibbled on a piece of candy and said, “I believe in forgiveness, and everyone deserves a chance to change for the better.” 
“Oh?” Dalton raised an eyebrow, twirling the beads on his wrist as he expressed clear skepticism toward her words. 
Wynter was indeed lying; she didn’t want Ethan to ruin the plan. 
For Wanda, the prospect of losing everything was even more daunting than losing her life. 
“You’re doubting me,” Wynter deliberately shifted the topic, and she gracefully tossed a bag of candy to Dalton. “Thanks for earlier. Your beads are quite lovely.” 
Dalton looked at the candy in his hand and casually popped one into his m*uth.
Max was dumbfounded; he had never seen Dalton have such a conversation with anyone. 
And Wynter didn’t seem afraid of Dalton at all. 
He was incredibly surprised and began to ponder further about Wynter’s true identity. 
Wynter glanced at Max, who was still sizing her up. She raised an eyebrow inquisitively and asked, “What seems to be ailing you?” 
Dalton’s suggestion of treatment served as a cover. Having flown back from Emstia on a private plane the previous day, Dalton’s intentions had left Max puzzled. 
However, he likely understood them now. Max nodded proudly. “I’ve got a backache.” 
“A backache?” Wynter glanced at his round belly. “Then come in.” 
Chapter 147 Mr. Yarwood’s Jealousy 
Margaret was visibly upset. 
Wynter approached Margaret and said, “Grandma, there’s someone here for a consultation.” 
Margaret gazed at Wynter, her eyes suddenly welling up with tears as she reached out to touch her face. “My dear, you’ve sacrificed so much for me.” 
If Wynter hadn’t brought it up today, Margaret wouldn’t have known that Ewan and Wanda had actually kicked her out. 
“Grandma, it’s all in the past,” Wynter said. Today, she lost control. It had been a while since her intermittent explosive disorder flared up. Yet, the constant rain in Southdale had been irritating, and it
triggered her outburst. “I won’t behave like this again.” 
Margaret felt sorry for her. “I’m not blaming you. It’s those who are disrespectful who deserve reprimand, not you…” 
Luckily, Margaret didn’t mention in front of everyone that Wynter might need to resume taking her medication. 
While others may have remained oblivious, the perceptive Dalton quickly picked up on the unusual atmosphere, and a flash of mystery crossed his eyes. 
The more outspoken neighbors couldn’t resist asking, “Wynter, is it true that a big shot is here today?” 
Despite their curiosity, they didn’t doubt Wynter’s character. They acknowledged her as a genuinely good person, albeit a bit lacking in academics. 
After all, imperfections were simply part of being human. 
“Yes, indeed,” Wynter admitted. “It’s Mr. Hilton. He’s the one you see on TV. He came to Southdale with an interest in investing in pharmaceuticals. After stumbling upon my live stream, he found the Empathy Clinic promising and made the decision to invest in us.” 
Everyone exclaimed at the news. 
“I’ve seen him around. Several media outlets have interviewed him,” someone remarked. 
“They say he’s from the capital! He’s rich!” another neighbor chimed in. 
“Then our alley will surely benefit! Mrs. Yates Senior, don’t forget to invite them all to my restaurant for a barbecue!” the barbecue shop owner interjected. 
“Didn’t Wynter just bring them to your place earlier?” the vegetable stall owner teased.
The neighbors were in high spirits as they chatted. 
Chapter 147 Mr. Yarwood’s Jealousy 
Suddenly, a slightly deep voice whispered in Wynter’s ear, “Did you agree to his investment? 
Chapter 148 Dalton’s Dual Sentiments 
“Indeed, I did,” Wynter replied nonchalantly, paying little mind to his question. 
Dalton, however, subtly frowned. Wynter had turned down his investment offer but accepted Mr. Hilton’s. 
He chuckled softly, then leaned closer to her. The scent of medicine, mingled with the crisp air, reached Wynter’s nose. It was as if the cool weather had made his presence equally cold. “Why not choose me?” he asked. 
A flicker of confusion crossed her eyes as she glanced at him. Still, she offered a straightforward explanation. “The Welkin Corporation’s upcoming projects align better with the pharmaceutical sector. Plus, the Quinnell family’s businesses are mostly international. It’s not suited for traditional medicine.” 
The words sounded perfectly reasonable. 
Dalton’s smile deepened, but his eyes remained cold and distant. He absentmindedly played with the beads on his wrist. “You’re correct,” he replied. “The Quinnell family isn’t 
compatible with traditional medicine.”
But he wasn’t a Quinnell, and the Welkin Corporation had been actively seeking foreign investment lately. 
As Wynter’s dishonesty grew, it raised questions. Did she feel distant from him, or did she simply see him as a patient? 
Dalton lowered his gaze, yet he exuded an air of danger and melancholy. 
Ethan sensed Dalton’s displeasure, but he couldn’t quite grasp the reason behind it. 
As Max stepped into the pharmacy, he couldn’t help but exclaim, “Wow, these cabinets are like something out of a historical drama! Is this the essence of traditional medicine that’s been passed down for centuries?” 
As he observed the counter’s layout, he couldn’t help but admire it. Pointing at the scale for weighing medicine, he inquired, “Dr. Genius, do you sell that? I’ll pay any price for it.” 
Without even lifting her head to see what he was pointing at, Wynter replied curtly, “Not for 
sale.” 
Max’s excitement waned, but then an idea sparked in his mind. “I heard you’re looking for investment for this clinic. I can invest!” 
Surely, as a shareholder, he could get what he wanted.
###chapter148
Chapter 148 Dalton’s Dual Sentiments 
“There’s no need,” Wynter replied with a dismissive gesture. “We’re fully funded.” 
With a tilt of her chin, her face took on a cold yet alluring expression. “Lie down,” she 
instructed. 
Max was taken aback. He had previously mentioned his back pain from long work hours as the reason for his visit. 
However, he hadn’t expected to receive treatment, especially since his family doctor had assured him that he was fine. 
“Do you feel the pain here?” Wynter asked as she pressed a finger against his back. 
Max winced in pain. Yet, in the next moment, Wynter applied pressure to his back with her palm, eliciting a satisfying crack. 
“It’s not just your back,” she remarked calmly, pressing down on his back. “Your neck and thorax are also affected.” 
Max was still in awe when he heard a couple of cracks as Wynter adjusted his neck. Then, Wynter declared, “All done.” 
“This is it?” Max asked incredulously. He instinctively touched his lower back and then looked at Dalton. “It’s really loosened up!”
He believed Wynter truly lived up to the title “Dr. Genius,” which explained why Dalton had flown back specifically for her. 
“Wow, this is incredible!” Max exclaimed, his initial curiosity turning into admiration. ” How did you do it?” he asked Wynter. 
Wynter grinned mischievously. “You can consider it the enigma of traditional medicine. How do you plan to settle the bill?” 
“Settle the bill?” Max was a bit slow to catch on. 
Wynter glanced at Dalton who had been silent since earlier. “Hey, is your friend trying to get me to give him a free consultation? You might get it for free, but not everyone else.”
###chapter149
Chapter 149 The Intimate Hug 
The words “You might get it for free, but not everyone else,” echoed in Dalton’s mind. 
Dalton’s typically cold expression softened ever so slightly. 
“No problem,” Dalton responded. His usual imposing demeanor softened in response to Wynter’s words. “Max, pay up,” 
Max nodded and immediately pulled out his bank card. 
“Max, increase the amount,” Dalton said calmly, yet his authority remained palpable. 
Wynter glanced at him before redirecting her focus to the compliant Max. “Are you two friends?” she inquired, 
Dalton didn’t hide the truth. “He’s a colleague from another office.” 
Max quickly adjusted his posture and said, “We’re colleagues from the branch office.” 
Wynter didn’t seem bothered. “We can’t take credit cards yet, but online payments work. Just scan this code.” 
Max shifted his gaze toward Dalton. He asked, “How much should I pay?” 
“Do you have to consult your friend about how much you should pay for treatment?” Wynter chuckled. 
Max promptly paid ten thousand dollars. He believed it was a reasonable amount for medical 
expenses. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow at the transaction. “You should bring in more friends like him
next time.” 
Despite what she said, Wynter refunded nine thousand nine hundred dollars to Max. She 
then tapped on the promotional board. “Bone alignment is just one hundred dollars.” 
Max was astonished. “Just one hundred dollars?” 
As a Frendan, Max found this quite unusual. 
Back in his hometown, even basic antibiotics at a local pharmacy cost several hundred 
dollars. 
“Oh my, that’s so affordable!” Max exclaimed. 
As they bid farewell to their neighbors, Margaret, who had just arrived, wondered what was 
happening. “Wynter, is he in pain after the treatment? That doesn’t seem right,” Margaret asked. 
“He’s marveling at the traditional medical knowledge passed down through generations,” Wynter explained. 
As Wynter reached for Margaret’s shopping basket, Margaret stopped her with a raised hand, “You tally up today’s earnings and see if we need more supplies. I’ll have a talk with your boyfriend,” Margaret instructed. 
Max was stunned. He wondered when Dalton had become her boyfriend. 
Wynter realized her earlier fib wasn’t so smooth after all. 
Her usual mischievous expression faltered, and she attempted to explain herself.
Then Dalton’s pleasant voice chimed in, “Of course, Grandma.” 
Max’s jaw dropped, and his expression dramatically shifted. 
But then again, it wasn’t surprising. Dalton had never really shown much interest in women. 
Socialites or actresses, there were always plenty of people chasing after Dalton’s attention. 
During Dalton’s recent inspection trip to Frenda, even Princess Savannah had shown 
interest in hìm. 
Yet, Dalton gracefully declined the princess and mentioned he already had a girlfriend. 
Before this, Max had always dismissed it as an excuse. If Dalton truly had a girlfriend, how could Theo not be aware? 
Max glanced at Dalton and then at Wynter. If this news got out, it would cause a stir. 
Wynter didn’t worry about Max’s view of their relationship. She smiled lightly and said, Grandma, what do you want to talk to him about? If you have any questions, just ask me.” 
“If I ask you, will you be honest with me?” Margaret was sharp. “Furthermore, since he’s here in our house, isn’t it only fair for him to have a chat with me first?” 
Dalton reached out and pulled
###chapter150
Chapter 150 Flutter of the Heart 
His voice was as smooth as aged wine, leaving a gentle intoxication in its wake. His touch carried a warmth that felt unlike anything else. 
Wynter couldn’t see his face from where she stood, but she felt his breath on her neck, sending delightful tingles down her spine. 
He didn’t smoke, so there was no tobacco smell on him. Yet, there was a faint hint of sandalwood, perhaps from his regular medication, that was strangely alluring. 
Even though she was used to medicinal scents, his aroma was unexpectedly delightful. 
His hand still held hers, and as he drew closer, his presence grew more pronounced. 
Wynter’s heart fluttered as a strange and somewhat familiar sensation washed over her. 
Raising an eyebrow, she attempted to push him away. However, he beat her to it. 
His voice was husky and tinged with a cough. “Wait for me here,” he said. 
Perhaps because of their proximity, his breath brushed on her ear, leaving a sensation that 
was oddly enchanting. 
Margaret chuckled. “That’s more like it.” 
Wynter silently urged, “Grandma, don’t let him deceive you.” 
But she chose to overlook it; he was clever enough to choose his words wisely. Yet, honesty with Margaret might suffice, and Wynter inclined toward the latter. “Be honest.”
She hoped he would understand her implication. 
Still feeling the warmth of her fingertips, Dalton gazed at Wynter’s pale face and smiled softly, agreeing in a low voice, “Okay.” 
This assurance seemed solid to Wynter, so she didn’t pay much attention to the courtyard. 
Meanwhile, Max paced back and forth, clutching his curly hair, muttering in Frendese, What’s happening? Why would Boss pick a girl from a small traditional medicine shop as his girlfriend? It’s like a real–life Cinderella tale. Does she even know who Boss is?” 
Max glanced at Wynter and then stomped his foot. “Clearly, she doesn’t know. If she did, she wouldn’t dare treat Mr. Yarwood this way.” 
After a brief moment of hesitation, Max firmly declared, “I have to put an end to this meaningless romance. Otherwise, the only one who’ll get hurt is that innocent girl!” 
Chapter 150 Flutter of the Heart 
As Wynter was engrossed in analyzing the future development trends of the live stream, she ignored him, but he continued to talk incessantly. 
After all these years, Frendans remained as romantic and delusional as ever. 
Sighing, she knew she had to speak up. 
Wynter rested her chin on her hand and smiled faintly. “Max, why don’t you start by telling me who your boss really is? Then I’ll decide if I want to end things with him.”
“Boss is… Hey, you speak Frendese!” Max stuttered, his eyes darting around frantically. It was indeed Frendese, and quite authentic at that. 
“Boss didn’t tell me you speak Frendese!” Max looked on the verge of tears. “I’m finished. Knowing Boss‘ temperament, I won’t make it through tonight!” 
Wynter glanced at Max. “He’s quite easygoing. Why do you describe him as so domineering? 
“Easygoing?!” Max began to doubt his understanding again. “Maybe that’s how he is with you, but Boss is…” 
“Well?” Wynter’s interest was piqued. Her handsome patient seemed considerate and attentive, and she couldn’t help but wonder why his subordinates were so afraid of him.? Ethan was like that, and now this Max too. There was definitely something off.
###chapter151
The Envlable Mr. Yarwood 
Max wasn’t daft; he realized he was being led into a trap. Puffing out his ch*eks, he replied, “Boss is kind to us too!” 
“Oh, really?” Wynter’s eyes twinkled with disappointment. She had hoped to glean some useful information, but Max, despite his loquaciousness, was quick on the uptake. 
Max nodded solemnly. “Boss has no flaws!” 
“Is that so?” Wynter’s voice was calm. “Just a moment ago, you said I would be the one hurt.” 
Max’s scalp tingled. “I was just talking nonsense. Boss is genuinely interested in you. He won’t let you down, even if your backgrounds are different!” 
“Is that so?” Wynter casually twirled her abacus, a faint smile playing on her l*ps. “Unfortunately, your boss and I are only putting on a show. How did you come to believe he’s genuinely interested in me?” 
Max was taken aback. “Putting on a show?” 
“Lower your voice.” Wynter frowned. She cast a quick glance around the courtyard, ensuring they were alone. With that confirmed, she tied up her hair and turned to the medicine cabinet. “Yes, it’s all an act. So, please, don’t spread rumors.” 
Max was baffled. “Why are you putting on this act?” 
“It’s for my grandmother’s sake,” Wynter replied. She deftly prepared the medicine, effortlessly measuring the right amount of each ingredient even without using the scale.
Max pondered deeply. Even if Wynter was the only one capable of curing Dalton, why would he go as far as reciprocating romantically? What could possibly motivate him to play along with this charade? 
ed this? 
Could it be that Theo’s relentless push for marriage had prompted 
Max’s eyes lit up as he finally hit upon the right answer, 
The courtyard was situated far enough from where Max and Wynter were talking to ensure their conversation couldn’t be overheard. 
Margaret, with her gracious manner, treated even the younger generation with respect. Despite Dalton’s esteemed background, she remained composed and said, “Let’s have some tea.” 
“Sure.” Dalton’s manners were impeccable, as if they were ingrained in his character. Instead of waiting for Margaret to pour the tea, he gracefully took it upon himself to prepare it. “The tea is still hot, Grandma. Take your time.” 
Margaret didn’t reach for the tea cup. Instead, she calmly looked at him and said, “Wynter has always been independent. She never relies on others, even though her foster parents may say otherwise. Wynter would never compromise her integrity for money.” 
“I know her character,” Dalton replied, a glint of sincerity in his eyes reflected by the tea cup. “She’s genuine to the core. If it’s hers, she’ll want it; if it’s not, she won’t give it a second glance.” 
Margaret softened her tone. “When I first heard about your relationship, I had my doubts due to the vast difference in your backgrounds.” 
“…” Dalton started, but Margaret raised her hand to allence him.
“There’s no need to rush to refute Grandma’s words,” she continued. “Your character isn’t solely defined by wealth: It’s shaped by your upbringing. While you may be welcoming and kind, Wynter’s character is unwavering. What will you do if she truly becomes part of your family?” 
Margaret smiled once more. “I’m not pressuring you. If she introduced you to me, It means she likes you. 
She continued, “In fact, I’m rather pleased about it. Otherwise, I couldn’t fathom how she’d come around to this. After all, she’s always talked about marrying Charlie when she grows up.” 
Upon hearing this, Dalton’s hand froze.
###chapter152
Chapter 152 A Heartbeat Away Left Her Flushed 
Perhaps it was because the tea had been steeping for too long that Dalton could feel a bitter taste on the tip of his tongue. It lingered in his throat for quite some time. 
It was quite hard to imagine that someone like Wynter had once been a little girl who dreamt of becoming someone’s bride. 
Though not visible on his face, Dalton seemed to have chuckled briefly. 
With a deep gaze and a courteous demeanor, he sincerely said, “Madam Margaret, my family is quite simple. No one can decide my marriage for me. Therefore, I will not tolerate any mistreatment of my 
partner. 
“I’m glad to hear that,” Margaret said with relief. 
Even though it was obvious that Dalton and Wynter were keeping something from her, Margaret wouldn’t bother about it as long as they were on the right track. 
However, Dalton didn’t end their chat there. 
Instead, he politely poured Margaret another cup of tea. As he did so, his gaze drifted through the window to the woman bustling inside. 
Despite her casual attire consisting of a white T–shirt and black pants, Wynter’s graceful figure remained 
unmistakable. 
Her hair was pulled back with a wooden hairpin, highlighting her slender and fair neck.
She was undoubtedly beautiful, strikingly so. 
Seemingly aware of his gaze, Wynter’s eyes turned to meet his. 
Her l*ps were red, and her hair was silky brown, exuding both innocence and allure. 
Carefully observing her swan–like neck, Dalton narrowed his eyes as his fingers ran over the crimson beads on his wrist, falling into deep thoughts. 
“Madam Margaret, perhaps you could tell me about this Charlie. Understanding her situation may help me 
offer her some comfort.” 
“That good–for–nothing Charlie…” Margaret glanced toward the Black Locust tree on the side. “It’s partly 
my fault. Back then, I trusted the Shepherd family, and Wynter had such a soft spot for Charlie, sol 
arranged their engagement. 
“Initially, it was the Shepherd family pursuing this match, but over the years, they’ve grown disillusioned, 
especially since my fortunes have waned. 
“Now, they scorn Wynter’s background and want to call off this engagement, making Wynter the laughingstock of Southdale…” 
Dalton listened quietly without interrupting. 
Chapter 152 A Heartbeat Away Left Her Flushed
As far as he could recall, Wynter didn’t seem to be affected by that matter at all. 
Normally, romance would mean the whole world to any teenage girl who was in the prime of her youth. So how could Wynter possibly not be bothered by it back then? 
With that thought in mind, Dalton tightened his grip on the teacup in his hand, his eyes obscured, making it impossible to discern his thoughts. 
Meanwhile, back in the house, Wynter was surprised and puzzled that Dalton and Margaret managed to chat for so long. 
Noticing Dalton’s glance, she couldn’t help but wonder if he was requesting help. 
Yet, his maneuver seemed more confident than helpless. 
Apparently, he had managed to soothe Margaret’s emotions after the cat was out of the bag. 
Wynter’s l*ps slightly curled, feeling impressed by this patient of hers. 
While Wynter stood idly at the front desk, Max cautiously stared at her as if she were some sort of 
monster. 
Finally done with their conversation, Dalton walked toward Wynter, the coolness emanating from him intensified. 
His charming features seemed somehow cold and sharp, casting a chill in the air around him. 
Wynter could tell that he wasn’t in a good mood now. 
Had something gone wrong during the conversation?
Wynter walked over, her eyes flitting abruptly as if asking him how the conversation with Margaret had 
gone. 
Without a word, Dalton reached out and gently wiped away the specks of medicine powder from her face. The warmth of his fingertips, combined with the alluring sandalwood scent, mingled into Wynter’s breath. He was close to her, so close that she could hear his strong, steady heartbeat…
###chapter153
Chapter 153 Fond of You 
Contrasting his physical condition, Dalton’s heartbeat remained steady and firm. It was unlike that of a patient nearing the end of his life. 
It would be hard to believe that this good–looking man held his heart in such high regard 
Wynter paused and slightly lifted her gaze. 
With a smile still on his face, Dalton withdrew his hand and fixed his eyes on her. 
Then, he turned his head and coughed. His l*ps were so pale that they looked nearly discolored. 
But despite looking unwell and fragile, he still exuded a dangerously alluring presence. 
“Madam Margaret has agreed,” he said. 
Agreed? 
Before Wynter could inquire further, Dalton had already turned around and taken a few steps away. His impeccably tailored suit made him appear like a figure from a painting. 
Wynter thought he was leaving, so she trailed after him. However, he abruptly halted his steps. 
Caught by the sudden halt, Wynter bumped into his back, and a familiar deep herbal scent filled her nose. 
“I must say,” Dalton spoke in an indifferent tone, devoid of any implied meaning. “You had a terrible taste when you were young.” 
Wynter was puzzled.
“What do you mean?” she raised an eyebrow, pondering on what her taste had anything to do with their 
conversation. 
Dalton glanced at her and said inexplicably, “It doesn’t matter now. You can improve your taste from here on, just make sure you don’t regress.” 
“Huh?” Wynter couldn’t help but laugh. 
She found him to be quite unpredictable. “What exactly did you chat with Grandma?” 
With a cool and scholarly demeanor, Dalton gestured for her to come forward with his finger. 
Wynter then leaned forward without a sense of suspicion. 
Dalton’s fingers threaded through her hair and spoke in a casual tone, “We talked about your studies and how to improve your academic performance, which will be my main focus in the future.” 
Wynter was quite convinced that he was just teasing her. 
Before she could speak, Margaret came over with a smile. “Ernest is right. From now on, your studies will be your main priority.” 
“Ernest?” Wynter’s voice was light, and there was a hint of surprise and playfulness. 
Ernest? Earnest? 
Instead of directly answering her question, Dalton replied in a low voice, “It’s my middle name ” 
Unlike other prominent families, the Yarwood family had upheld the tradition of using middle names for 
generations.
Since middle names weren’t as prevalent as they once were, most people didn’t know that the head of the Yarwood in Sorzada City went by the full name of Dalton Emest Yarwood. 
Margaret frowned and asked, “Don’t you know his name is Emest, Wynter?” 
Tve never heard of his middle name.” Wynter responded quickly. “Honestly, I never realized that people 
till used middle names nowadays, so I didn’t ask.” 
Margaret smiled. “It’s still quite common among the families of scholars. If you follow Ernest’s lead, I’m sure that you’ll pass the upcoming exam 
“You can count on me, Madam Margaret. Il certainly teach her well Dalton assured while his warm palm naturally held onto hers, as if it were his habit 
Wynter glanced at their joined hands his fingers were intertwined with hers–neither too tight nor too 
loose. 
Before she could pull her hand away, Dalton whispered into her ears. His voice was hushed and seductive. “You don’t want to let Madam Margaret down, do you? 
Winter had to admit that Dalton knew her weakness all too well 
She relaxed her grip and replied in a lazy tone. “You should be thankful that you have a pretty face” 
With that, she playfully hooked her thumb with his offering a casual smile 
Her extraordinary beauty seemed capable of making one’s knees weak it made Dalton’s Adam’s apple bob subtly
A fleeting thirst lingered in his heart, yet dissipating so swiftly that even he wasn’t fully aware of it
###chapter154
Chapter 154 May I Take a Bite of You 
Astonished by the somewhat competitive yet unexpectedly compatible dynamic between Dalton and Wynter, Max was left speechless. 
Having worked alongside Dalton for many years, Max had never seen his aloof and restrained demeanor falter for anyone until Wynter came along. 
Wynter never backed down or spoke in sweet, soft tones when facing Dalton. Instead, she exhibited a delicate charm with her light chuckle. 
She even had the nerve to tease Dalton about his middle name. 
Max couldn’t help but wonder if she had ever witnessed Dalton’s cold and ruthless expression, hands covered in blood. 
Every time Dalton dealt with people, Max and the others couldn’t help but tremble. 
Despite Dalton’s fair and rational approach to rewards and punishments, no one dared to get close to him. 
Noticing the signs of exhaustion on Dalton’s usually composed face, Wynter decided not to keep them for 
dinner. 
Instead, she prepared some buns and herbal soup for him to eat at home. 
I’ve added some medicinal herbs to the bun filling as seasoning. It should stimulate your appetite,” Wynter said.
She then started to sound like a doctor again, “I’ve written down the dietary precautions you need to follow. Have your household staff take a look and ensure the instructions are followed.” 
“Alright,” Dalton replied with a smile, indicating his cooperation with the treatment. 
With a dumbfounded expression, Max lost count of the number of shocks he experienced that day. 
Dalton glanced at Max, then shifted his gaze to Wynter. “There’s something I’d like to discuss privately.” “Privately?” Wynter thought for a moment and said, “Follow me.” 
She led him to a secluded corner in the mugwort room. While the view was excellent, it remained hidden from others‘ sight. 
“What do you want to talk about?” Wynter asked casually. 
Dalton looked into her eyes and asked, “How long have you been like this?* 
“Like this?” Wynter was puzzled, by his words. 
Dalton gently pressed her wrist and turned it over, leaning closer to her in the narrow space. 
He asked in a gentle tone, “How long have you been struggling to control your strength, inadvertently causing harm to others? Or perhaps, I should say, unable to contain the turmoil within your heart?” 
“What’s this? Have you studied psychology before? Wynter allowed him to continue holding her wrist. 
Even though she was pressed against the wall, she showed no signs of anxiety, only a beautiful yet. meaningful smile. “Are you trying to treat me?” 
Dalton’s fingertips grazed her wrist, his voice slightly heavy. “In the future, if anyone crosses your line, you can just tell me I’ll take care of them for you.”
“We’ll see.” Whenever Dalton gazed at her like that, Wynter felt an inexplicable annoyance 
It was as if the closer he got, the more irritated she became. 
It had been a long time since Wynter had felt this way – a feeling like a steak had suddenly appeared and chased after her, urging her to eat it, when she could really eat a whole cow 
Wynter took a quick glance at Dalton’s face, reminding herself that he was different from anyone she had 
encountered so far. 
He was way out of her league, not suitable to be kept around, 
“Stop being irritated. Stay calm as much as possible, okay?” Though tinged with a hint of helplessness, Dalton’s voice sounded even more pleasant than usual, as if he were coaxing a rebellious child. 
“If you ever need anything, just give me a call. You shouldn’t resort to violence given your intermittent explosive disorder.” 
No one could ever imagine that Mr. Yarwood, the dominant figure in the entire business industry, would speak in such a tone. 
The gentle coaxing from someone as cold and aloof as Dalton often conveyed an indescribable sense of implied desire. 
Wynter looked at him, feeling an impulse swirling within her. 
The paranoia caused by her impulse control disorder was rushing in her blood, leaving her almost out of
control. 
“I think I’ll take something else as payment for today’s medication.” 
Wynter spoke in her usual nonchalant tone, tinged with a hint of restraint.
###chapter155
Chapter 155 Own up to Your Actions, Doc 
“With what?” Dalton asked Wynter, his wrist adorned with crimson beads, giving off an air of nobility and 
aloofness. 
His chill denneanor somehow ignited her thirst to dismantle it – especially since he was dressed in finely 
tailored suits 
Wynter reached out, her fingertips landing on his diamond cufflink, a mischievous smile playing on her l*ps. “Let me take a bite out of you. How about that?” 
She had never made such requests before. Even when her intermittent explosive disorder flared up, she would endure it to the extent of dousing her head with freezing water. 
However, for some reason, she couldn’t suppress her urge to test whether his neck was as cold as it appeared – with her teeth. 
Normally, no one would agree to such an odd request, yet Dalton chucked and asked, “Where do you 
want to bite?” 
“Your neck,” Wynter replied with a charming smile, her tongue sliding across her l*ps as her anticipation 
grew. 
Wrapping his arms around Wynter’s waist, Dalton lifted her slightly, his breath drawing closer. “This height should make it easier for you to bite.”
“Indeed.” Wynter was too preoccupied to bother about how intimate their positions were, especially in 
such a confined space. 
Dalton pressed Wynter against the wall, his tall figure shielding them from view. 
Unbeknownst to him, no one would come to this corner, since the place had neither sunlight nor 
medicinal herbs stored. 
This comer was basically deserted, only Wynter would occasionally come here to take a puff of smoke. 
Hence, the only concern for Wynter now was, how to suppress the agitation in her blood as soon as possible. 
She didn’t even notice his Adam’s apple bobbing. 
Without giving Dalton a chance to back out, Wynter leaned toward Dalton’s pristine neck and sank her teeth into it, feeling a slight chill yet strong sandalwood scent spreading between her teeth. 
Almost instinctively. She pressed deeper, emitting a faint, muffled moan. 
It sounded soft and satisfying as if she was enjoying herself while also feeling perplexed, sparking infinitel alluring imagination. 
Dalton glanced at the woman in his arms, his hands on her waist exerting a gentle pressure as her l*ps. 
landed on him. 
Not only did he feel no pain, but he also hoped that she could remain like this a little longer.
However, Wynter soon regained her composure, the volatile urge in her blood gradually fading away. replaced by an indescribable sense of tranquility. 
It felt as if her long hunger had finally been satisfied 
The feeling was too subtle and difficult to describe, not to mention a little awkward. 
She was aware that she was the one who was off, not Dalton though. 
Nesting in Dalton’s arms, Wynter felt her legs weak and unable to stand. 
“There’s something in your blood,” she said, breaking the silence 
Supporting her, Dalton brushed her long hair behind her ear, his deep, captivating eyes seeming to draw 
people in “What is it?” 
“Maybe poison, or maybe something else.” Wynter wasn’t quite certain what it was, but what she can be 
sure was “It smells nice to me though.” 
As if discussing something mundane, Dalton spoke casually, “If you ever want it again, you can bite me anytime you want. It covers the medication expenses anyway. 
“No thanks: One time is more than enough.” Wynter could feel her body temperature rising and a thin layer. of sweet forming 
“If I keep on getting involved with you like this, it would be hard to-” She abruptly stopped.
What? Dalton asked, his eyebrow raised. 
Wynter shook her head, leaving the “hard to get rid of you” part unsaid. 
She then pushed off the wall, trying to stand up, but Dalton pressed her back down. “Own up to your actions, Doc. Shouldn’t you take some responsibility after biting?”
###chapter156
Chapter 156 A Token of Love From Dalton 
Wynter stared at the mark she left on Daltor’s neck and chuckled. The already told you that this is your payment for today’s medication. What responsibilities do I hold?” 
“I can pay for today’s medication.” Perhaps he had a slight cold, Daltons voice sounded slighty frense 
When he chuckled softly, his breath tickled her ear. “If you bear the responsibility, you can bine me anytime.” 
Slightly tempted by his suggestion, Wynter’s l*ps curved into an alluring smile, I think about 
“Seriously, give it some thought. While you need a boyfriend, Dalton chuckled lightly, “My family is urging me to settle down too.” 
Wynter raised her eyebrow. “Then why did you call off the engagement? 
She hadn’t forgotten the words she heard in the hospital. 
Dalton explained, his voice clear and steady. “I have to right to choose my own bride too, dont ? Besides, with my health condition, do you expect someone to marry into loneliness?” 
“You have a point.” Wynter nodded solemnly, her beautiful face carrying a sense of seriousness 
Dalton chuckled softly, seemingly helpless, “That was rhetorical.” 
He had said it to humor her, not to gain her empathy. 
But there was one thing he genuinely meant he had the right to choose his own bride 
He would resolve the issues with the Quinnell family appropriately.
If it weren’t for the old man’s drunken words claiming that someone in the Quinnell family could dispel Theo’s personal burdens, Theo wouldn’t have agreed to the engagement in the first place, especially since he was intoxicated at that time. 
Back then, Dalton was just a year old baby, yet they had arranged a marriage for him without even considering whether the Quinnells had a daughter or not. 
However, since it was partly the Yarwoods‘ fault too, Dalton would definitely compensate the Quinnes properly. As for other matters… 
Dalton cast his gaze at the face lying in his arms, his smile clear and profound. 
Thanks to this woman, he started to take certain inconsequential matters into consideration. 
Unaware of his thoughts, Wynter was playing with the pendant hanging from his waist with her fingers. 
“I don’t often see people wear a sugilite pendant with a suit, if any.” 
Well, it was understandable though, since not everyone had Dalton’s physique, bearing, and strikingly handsome face. 
Wynter had to admit that no matter how many times she looked, baltors cold yet charming face ever once failed to captivate her 
Not to mention his unique yet stylish taste in fashion, which complemented his overall demeand perfectly. 
anyone were to dress like him, they might end up either mismatched or hideous 
Noticing Wynter’s gaze fized on his pendant, Dalton unfastened it and placed it on her palm. “Here, you 
can have it,”
“Me?” Wynter raised her eyebrow. “I don’t have any suitable clothes to match it with.” 
Her inexpensive T–shirts would only diminish the elegance of this pendant 
Dalton didn’t want her to return it. “You can match it with whatever clothes you want. After all, it’s just an 
accessory 
As a matter of fact, Dalton had been wearing that sugilite pendant since he was a month old and had rarely taken it off. 
The pendant had come as a set with the red beaded bracelet on his wrist. While the beads were crimson red, the pendant was deep purple 
Dalton was quite impressed by Wynter’s taste, picking out something that special 
Wynter looked at him, her voice sounded lazy. “This isn’t some kind of engagement token, is it? 
“No.” Seeing her hesitation, Dalton took the pendant and wore it around her waist. 
He said indifferently, “I wouldn’t use just this as an engagement token. My engagement token will definitely be something grand and extravagant. 
“Very well then,” Engrossed in admiring her new pendant, Wynter wasn’t paying attention to his words. She was deeply fond of the color of the pendant. Not only was such pure purple sugilite rare, but it was also known for promoting healing and protection 
“I won’t take it for free. How much is it? I transfer the money to you later.” 
Dalton slightly furrowed his brow, his tone devoid of warmth. “You’ve given me so many lozenges, all
made with top–quality wild root herb, and you haven’t taken even a cent from me. Yet, you want to pay me for my gift?”
###chapter157
Chapte 157 He had fe 
Chapter 157 He Had Feelings for Her 
Dalton didn’t like how Wynter always kept him at arm’s length, whether it was about his investment in her 
clinic or his gift to her. 
It seemed like Wynter always wanted everything to be clear and transparent between them. 
People often said Dalton was aloof and distant, but that was because they hadn’t seen Wynter. 
While Wynter often wore a light smile and engaged impeccably with others, she always seemed to maintain a certain distance, preventing anyone from getting too close to her. 
Dalton’s pale fingertips touched the beaded bracelet on his wrist. 
Although his charming face remained stoic, the warmth in his eyes gradually faded away. 
Noticing his subtle emotion, Wynter smiled and decided to accept the gift. “Alright, I’ll take the pendant.” 
She looked at her new waist chain attached to the pendant, her eyes curved with satisfaction. “It suits me 
well.” 
Dalton nodded in response, finally feeling less suffocated than before.
The coldness in his brows and eyes also began to melt away as he looked down at the deep purple pendant swinging on her delicate waist, contrasting against her fair skin, creating a stunning sight. 
He couldn’t help but tighten his grip on her waist.. 
Wynter looked at him in confusion. “What’s wrong?” 
“Nothing,” Dalton released his hand from her waist, standing in the shadows. His eyes were as deep as 
the ocean, his voice inexplicably hoarse, “Shall we go?” 
“Let’s go.” With the pendant in hand, Wynter’s attention was focused on the purple sugilite pendant. 
around her waist, completely unaware of the subtle movement in Dalton’s throat, or the restraint in his 
eyes. 
When the s**ual desire of a reserved individual was aroused, he would often become exceptionally s**y 
and dangerous. 
As Dalton followed behind Wynter, his right hand slightly lifted and touched the spot she had bitten, his 
eyes growing deeper. 
The red beaded bracelet on his wrist seemed to darken as if sensing his emotions. 
Las 
To prevent certain deeply buried emotions from surfacing, the beads emitted a faint light, as if to securely bind his true emotions within in a deeper place…. 
Nonetheless, it was time for Dalton to leave.
In fact, Dalton had arranged his schedule before his return, but he made a detour before his meeting to see a certain woman. 
Max was taken aback too when his boss was willing to deviate from his plan for someone. 
When Ethan joined them, Max and Dalton were finally ready to leave. 
As it was getting colder outside, Ethan came with a black trench coat in his hand, intending to help Dalton 
put it on. 
Dalton was particularly prone to illness during seasonal changes. 
Thankfully, they now had Wynter, the genius doctor. 
When Dalton put on the trench coat, he regained a sense of nobility, evoking the image of royalty. Every movement he made exuded an icy elegance. 
“I’ll come by again tomorrow,” Dalton said to Wynter. 
“Okay.” Wynter waved goodbye to him while playing with the purple sugilite. 
As the wind blew, the black locust flowers fell from the tree, adding a subtle sweetness to the air. 
While others might have overlooked the pendant, Dalton’s bodyguard Ethan couldn’t help but be stunned when he spotted it in Wynter’s hand. 
His surprise was mixed with a hint of fear.
After all, Dalton had worn that pendant since he was a year old. It was a gift from a renowned fortune teller to shield him from external influences. 
Few were privy to this knowledge, not even some branches of the Quinnell family. 
It was said that Dalton carried countless personal burdens, an unusual circumstance for someone like 
him. 
Back then, the fortune teller had given the Quinnells two items: the crimson beads and the purple sugilite, each serving its own purpose. 
Wouldn’t it be a problem now that Dalton had given one of them to Wynter?
###chapter158
Chapter 158 Sir, Are You In a Contract Relationship 
Even though Ethan wasn’t a superstitious person, he’d rather be cautious than regretful when it came to safety matters. 
Most importantly, why would Dalton give such an important sugllite pendant to Wynter? This didn’t make 
sense! 
Ethan kept the question to himself, not daring to inquire further with Dalton. 
Max, however, didn’t hold back. “Boss, Dr. Genius has figured out that I’m your subordinate.” 
“Figures.” Dalton paced, recalling that Wynter had always been a clever woman, his l*ps curled. “She pays attention to the smallest details.” 
Max let out a sigh of relief, then quickly reassured Dalton, “Don’t worry, I won’t tell Mr. Yarwood Senior about your little secret.” 
“Secret?” Dalton stared at his fingertips and asked calmly, “What secrets do I have?” 
Max thought that Dalton didn’t trust him, so he spilled everything he knew. 
“Dr. Genius has already told me that you and she were just pretending. In fact, you’re in a contract relationship. You’re doing it to fulfill her grandmother’s wish 
Contract relationship? What contract relationship? 
Ethan was dumbfounded upon hearing that term
Stopping his pace, Dalton’s hands were slightly stiff on his sides. 
Yet, Max continued to talk as if he had the full picture of what was going on. 
“I get it, Boss. You agreed to act with Dr. Genius to avoid Mr. Yarwood Senior’s arranged marriage, right?” 
The joy in Dalton’s eyes gradually turned cold 
As his charming face revealed a hint of coldness, his l*ps slightly pressed, asking with indifference, “She 
said it was fake?” 
“Uh–huh,” Max nodded, completely unaware of the trouble his words had caused 
Dalton turned to him, his glance and voice becoming lighter, as if they could be blown away by the wind. It’ll be real one day.” 
Huh? 
Max didn’t catch that clearly, so he quickened his pace, wanting to get closer to Dalton. 
However, Dalton spoke no further. His tall and straight figure exuded a chill, his coat tails fluttering in the 
wind, appearing cold and aloof. 
His limited–edition Maybeck was still waiting for him in its original spot, discreetly avoiding unnecessary 
attention.
However, they still attracted notice, as Dalton had just returned from overseas with an unusually lege number of bodyguards. 
A group of conspicuous and imposing men in black stood in a row. As Dalton approached, they respectfully opened the car door for him. 
Exuding an air of power and nobility in his dark trench coat, Dalton looked like a mafia boss 
He had never shown this side of himself to Wynter. 
To Wynter, Dalton Yarwood was just a patient with ailing health and a pale 
*Choose a different car next time,” Dalton said casually as he sat in the back seat. 
His new special assistant, Franklin Lynch, quickly handed him a pen and documents. “Yes, Sr. What kind of care should I arrange for next time? Deluxe version? Or a more comfortable on 
Folding his legs, Dalton glanced over the documents in the car, then smoothly signed. “One that is more 
economical.” 
Taken aback by Dalton’s reply, Franklin carefully said. “But Sir, the cheapest car at your residenc over 400 thousand… We’ll need to purchase a new car if you’re looking for something more economical” 
“Mm–hmm, I’ll leave it to you,” Dalton replied calmly, concealing his intentions 
Franklin, who had just reported for duty a few days ago, was quite shocked upon receiving such a tak 
Although puzzled, he didn’t ask further, instead, he marked this task as a priority
After all, the previous special assistant was dismissed for interfering with Dalton’s affairs and taking matters into his own hands. 
Franklin wouldn’t be so foolish as to meddle with the head of the Yarwood family 
Moreover, although Franklin wasn’t aware of what had happened in the alley, Dalton was obviously in a
###chapter159
Chapter 159 Something Fishy About Daltor’s Blood 
Wynter was still playing with the purple sugilite pendant she had obtained from Dalton in the clinic in Waterview Alley. 
Something fell off that day. It wasn’t just her intermittent explosive disorder; there was also this piece of purple sugilite that seemed oddly familiar to her. 
If her memory served right, this pendant should be hers, so how did it end up being Dalton’s personal possession? 
Feeling confused, Wynter rubbed her temple with her fingers, her eyes shimmering faintly. 
Though only some fragmented images, she was gradually recollecting her memories now. But it still required some time. 
Wynter hung the purple sugilite pendant back to her waist, her fingertips grazing her l*ps. 
She couldn’t help but wonder what exactly the blood of that patient of hers had that could make her act 
so abnormally. 
– – 
After all, Wynter’s medical skills were honed by using herself as a lab rat she had tried both good and bad medicines on herself. 
Not to mention that her cultivation of Zenith herbs had made her immune to all kinds of toxins. 
Unless… there was more than just toxin on Dalton.
Wynter’s slender fingers rhythmically tapped on the table, her l*ps curled slightly. “Interesting.” 
Dalton was indeed someone marked by the Grim Reaper. 
Wynter wondered who the Grim Reaper favored more, Dalton or the scion of the Yarwood family. 
But one thing was certain: no one could take away the person she decided to save. 
Wynter lowered her gaze, reorganizing her treatment plan once again. 
Meanwhile, Wanda, who had been driven away, still harbored resentment. 
Sitting in the car, she pounded the steering wheel again and again, her glare vicious. 
“I knew we shouldn’t have kept Wynter from the start. Look at her, she won’t stop until she ruins our family! 
Feeling the pain in his back, Ewan’s eyes glimmered with a hint of perplexity. 
Back then, no matter how he had badly behaved, Margret would still care about him even when he had 
irritated her. 
Yet, Margaret had shown no signs of concern for him at all a moment ago. 
“I’m talking to you. Don’t you have anything to say?” Wanda pinched Ewan’s arm. “Stop spacing out!” 
Ewan frowned and asked, “Don’t you think something was off about the old lady?” 
“She’s just grown more stubborn, that’s all.” Wanda scoffed. “Now that she’s got her live stream, she doesn’t give a damn about us anymore. How ridiculousl”
The more Ewan listened, the more annoyed he felt. “That’s my mother you’re talking. I’ve told you not to go too far before, but did you listen? No, and you drove her back into the alley!” 
“Me, go too far?” Wanda’s face flushed with anger. “Remember how arrogant your mother used to be? She was old but still refused to let you take over the company, saying that you would end up ruining the Yates Group with your pitiful management skills. 
“If she hadn’t caused someone dead during the treatment, she might still be as arrogant now. And your wouldn’t have lived so luxurious as you are now!” 
Waving his hand, Ewan said, “Why do you have to bring up the past?” 
“If I don’t bring it up, you might have forgotten all about it by now. And don’t forget that you agreed to let Margaret move out of our house too,” Wanda sald with a cold smile. 
“If she hadn’t made that sacrifice back then, could the people have let go of the Yates Group that easily?” 
Wanda suddenly laughed and said, “Ah, yes. How could I forget? Margaret has caused someone’s death. Yet, she’s doing a live stream now…” 
She then took out her phone to make a call. 
Ewan pressed her hand, looking weary. “Forget it. The young man who came to see Wynter today isn’t someone to be messed with. Although I don’t know who he is, he seems dangerous.” 
“What powerful friends could Wynter possibly have? Wanda sneered. “If he’s really someone powerful, then he would have come by car. But I didn’t see any cars at the entrance when we left the alley just now. He’s probably some poor guy Wynter had known from somewhere. He didn’t even wear any brand on him, for crying out loud!”
###chapter160
Chapter 160 Embarrassment at the Chamber of Commerce 
Indeed, Dalton didn’t wear any brand. Instead, he wore a sult custom made by a renomed French 
designer 
This designer exclusively crafted attire for the myal family, making an exception only for the head of the 
Yarwood family. 
People like Wanda wouldn’t have been aware of such secrete, 
Even though the Scoff family was influential in Kingbourne, Vianda was only from a collateral branch of 
the family, after all. 
Normally the Scott family in Kingbourne couldn’t care less about Wanda; they now reconnected with her because Yvette managed to get into a university in Kingbourne, 
Wanda had to assert herself in Southdale now so she could blend into higher circles. 
“Why must you pick on Wynter?” Ewan started to get a little Irritated, “She already stayed of our way, now staying with the old lady. They’re just trying to make a little living. 
Wanda sneered and scrolled her phone to the living streaming page. “A little living? Have you ever seen a little living‘ that earns 70 thousand in profit a day?” 
Ewan snatched the phone, his eyes gleaming at the number. “That’s what they made in two days?” 
“All this while, that old lady has been keeping this trick to herself and only used it for the sake of that ungrateful Wynter,” Wanda sald viciously.
I 
“Yvette is her real granddaughter, but what has that old lady ever given to her? So, do you think I should get my hands on this live–streaming platform now?” 
Staring at those crazy figures, Ewan couldn’t help but exclaim, “Yes! What’s your plan?” 
“To fight for it legally, of course,” Wanda tapped the phone screen. “If this figure keeps growing, we won’t stand a chance to get it from them. Now that they’ve started It, It’s the best time for us to strike.” 
Ewan hardly hesitated, his eyes fixed still on the numbers. “Let’s do as you say!” 
Ewan and Wanda had done almost everything for the sake of money, and they didn’t mind adding this to 
their list. 
Wanda had her own way of manipulating the internet. She began by reaching out to the troll army, then 
dialed a number she hadn’t called in a long time. 
“That cheap Wynter has relied on us for so long that she forgets who she is. Serves her right,” said Wanda 
in a low voice, even after she had finished making her calls. 
Now she wanted to see what a naive countryside girl could do without the backing of the Yates family. 
Meanwhile, rows of black–clad bodyguards stood imposingly and meticulously at the Chamber of Commerce building in the city center.
The top executives of the entire Chamber of Commerce had been alerted and burned to the entrance while adjusting their ties. 
Nelson, who happened to visit the Chamber of Commerce, was curious about the commotions and Inquired at the front desk. 
“I’m not sure either, sir. This is the highest level of reception, and we aren’t allowed inside, the receptionist apologized, 
The Chamber of Commerce building was surrounded inside and out, with various restrictions in place, giving an impressive appearance from afar. 
Knowing that college students were allowed to visit the Chamber of Commerce, Yvette dressed up specially and went to visit Charlie, who was not yet her official francé 
Since visiting the Chamber of Commerce was considered a worthwhile experience, she took some photos and posted them on her social media. 
Her classmates all complimented the photos, calling her a diva. Even her aunt from the main branch of the Scott family left her a comment. 
Having discovered the key to attracting more views with her photos, Yvette couldn’t resist taking a few 
more. 
However, as soon as she struck a pose, a Chamber of Commerce staff member came and said, “Miss, we don’t allow photography here. I’m afraid you have to leave.” 
Embarrassed, Charlie blushed and stepped forward to hold Yvette’s hand. “Let’s go somewhere else.” Before they could leave, the staff suddenly stopped him. “Sir, do you have an invitation?”
###chapter161
Chapter 161 Yvette Saw Mister Yarwood 
“I’m Shepherd,” Charlie said proudly as if his surname would grant him access anywhere without hindrance. 
The staff frowned. “I’m sorry, sir. We have an important guest today, and we haven’t invited any doctors. I’d have to ask you and your companion to leave now.” 
Charlie was stunned. He had never felt so embarrassed before. “I-” 
The staff suddenly pressed his Bluetooth earpiece, as if receiving some instructions. “Yes, I’m at the entrance. Mr. Yarwood has arrived? Alright, I’m on my way now!” 
Mr. Yarwood? 
Yvette’s eyes 
lit 
up with anticipation, wondering if she could finally meet the man she hadn’t seen last time. 
Still annoyed by the staff’s rudeness, Charlie hadn’t noticed Yvette’s expression until she spoke softly. 
“I’m done with the photos. Why don’t we go for a walk instead, Charlie?” 
Charlie’s mood improved slightly. “Okay.” 
Yvette said in a low voice, “Don’t lower yourself to their level, Charlie. After all, he’s just a receptionist, a server.” 
“I know. Let’s go.” Charlie sighed, marveling at how considerate his lovely Yvette was.
Little did he know, Yvette’s mind had already wandered beyond the entrance. 
Outside the entrance, a few million–dollar Mercedes cars led the way, followed by a luxurious all–black limited edition Maybeck. 
The moment they caught sight of the Yarwood emblem, well–known in the business industry, everyone straightened up, awaiting the Maybeck’s arrival. 
The impeccably dressed Chamber of Commerce executives rushed over and respectfully opened the car door, their faces adorned with reverent smiles. “Mr. Yarwood.” 
As the car door swung open, Yvette caught a glimpse of the man inside, exuding a powerful presence and dignified posture. 
Instead of a formal suit, he wore a dark trench coat, and his porcelain–white wrist was 
adorned with a red beaded bracelet. 
Mister Yarwood 
Stepping out of the car, he was quickly surrounded by the crowd, excluding an air of nobility and aloofness, akin to a celestial being. 
Yvette tried to get a better look by standing on tiptoes, but a Chamber of Commerce staff abruptly pulled her away. 
“Why are you still here? Security, please come to Zone A. We have a male and female here, please escort them out immediately.”
Amidst the chaotic scene, Charlie and Yvette were almost forcibly ejected from the Chamber of Commerce building. 
The Shepherd family couldn’t afford such embarrassment, so Charlie kept a vigilant eye as they were escorted out, ensuring they went unnoticed. 
Meanwhile, Yvette remained captivated by the scene she had just witnessed. 
If she hadn’t seen it with her own eyes, she wouldn’t have believed that such an unattainable figure actually existed in the world. 
Though she didn’t catch a glimpse of his face, just the sight of his silhouette was enough to stir ripples in her heart. 
“So that was Mr. Yarwood?” Yvette turned to Charlie and said, “You heard it too, didn’t you, Charlie? The man who opened the car door addressed the man in the car as Mr. Yarwood.” 
Charlie frowned slightly. “Are you perhaps paying too much attention to Mr. Yarwood, Yvette?” 
“I was just surprised to see someone famous like him, it’s like meeting a celebrity,” Yvette replied, her ch*eks tinted with a hint of shyness. “Are you feeling jealous, Charlie?” 
Seeing her blush, Charlie couldn’t help but chuckle. “What do you think?” 
“I promise I won’t look at him next time,” Yvetter quickly swore. 
Charlie’s tone softened. “The Yarwood family initially chose us as their partner, but recently, there have been some issues with the collaboration.” 
“Now that Mr. Yarwood is here, I believe they’ll reconsider their decision. With the Shepherd family’s reputation, there’s nothing to worry about!” Yvette smiled brightly.
Charlie squeezed her hand and remarked, “You’re always so thoughtful, Yvette. You’re much better than that fake daughter of Yates, you know.”
###chapter162
Chapter 162 Dalton Meets His Love Rival 
“Why do you keep bringing her up?” Yvette’s gaze dimmed slightly, a hint of malice flickering across her expression as she lowered her head. 
Unaware of her malice, Cherlie thought she was just upset. 
He chuckled and said, “Don’t worry too much, Yvette. I only have eyes for you now. I mean, just look at Wynter! No man would want a headstrong woman like her!” 
“Really?” Yvette bit her l*p, her eyes misty with tears. “But Mrs. Shepherd seems to look down on me. I bet she prefers Wynter over me.‘ 
Charlie pulled her into his arms. “Don’t worry about my mom. She can’t change my dad’s decision. Just give me some time, okay? Soon, I’ll announce to everyone that you’re my fiancée.” 
“Okay,” Yvette responded with a sweet tone, though her mind was still preoccupied with the man she had just seen. 
She needed to find a way to meet Mr. Yarwood in person, only then maybe… 
Meanwhile, on the top floor of the Chamber of Commerce building, representatives from many large companies had gathered, including those from outside of Southdale. 
While many of them were eager to collaborate with the Yarwoods, they also came to catch a glimpse of the head of the Yarwood family. 
Most of them had never seen Dalton before; one reason being his poor health, and the other being that they lacked the qualifications to meet him.
After all, access to the top floor of the Chamber of Commerce required verification, and only three companies in the entire Southdale had met the qualifications so far. 
Even Nelson was stopped on the 24th floor because he failed to meet the qualifications. 
The conference room of the president’s suite was outfitted with an array of modern 
amenities. 
Dalton occupied the central seat, engrossed in the project proposals before him, his long legs casually crossed. 
Among the attendees, none rivaled Dalton’s youth; most were at least two generations his senior. 
It was Larry’s first time meeting the head of the Yarwood family, and he had to admit, the 
Chapter 162 Dalton Meets His Love Rival 
rumors didn’t do Dalton justice. 
Not only was Dalton ruthless, but he also exhibited remarkable astuteness. 
Furthermore, his striking appearance was simply impossible to ignore too dashing, too youthful! 
Touching his right ch*ek, Larry couldn’t help but wonder why his own appearance, reminiscent of a bandit, stood in stark contrast to Dalton’s, despite both being CEOS. 
As he was pondering, Dalton suddenly spoke up, “I heard Mr. Hilton has plans to invest in medical live streaming.”
Dalton’s voice was so calm that no one present had expected him to directly address 
someone. 
Larry, who came without a specific purpose, responded, “Ah, yes. I do have such a plan.” 
But how did the head of the Yarwood family know about his plan? Their groups had never gotten in touch with each other before though. 
“Tell me about your plan.” Dalton continued, not bothering to fl*p through other proposals, 
his eyes calmly fixed on Larry. 
“Well…” Larry rose to his feet, his hands empty, a chill creeping down his spine. 
Knowing he wouldn’t receive the proposal from his boss until the next day, he had come unprepared, with nothing to present. 
However, Dalton seemed surprisingly understanding. “I watched your interview in Southdale.” 
The CEOs present exchanged glances, surprised that Dalton would bother watching interviews as well. 
“You watched my interview?” Larry was taken aback. 
“Just trying to gather more information,” Dalton said with a meaningful glance, leaving out the part about why Wynter would accept Larri’s investment. 
“Apparently, Mr. Hilton has quite a distinctive personal style,” Dalton added. 
“Personal style?” Larry didn’t quite comprehend. 
“Your big gold chains and watch… are quite unique,” Dalton said, twirling the beads on his
wrist. 
Though he couldn’t quite understand why anyone would prefer such accessories. 
Chapter 162 Dalton Meets His Love Rival 
Other CEOS couldn’t help but feel regret. If only they had known Dalton had a preference for this kind of fashion, they would have dressed accordingly! 
Larry sighed and said, “Please excuse my lack of refinement.‘ 
“You’re too humble, Mr. Hilton.” Dalton glanced at him from head to toe and remarked, ” You have your merits too. At the very least, you have a reassuring face.” 
Reassuring because Wynter had a preference for handsome faces; she would never be interested in one like Larry’s. 
Larry was a bit puzzled. Was that a compliment?
###chapter163
Chapter 163 Dalton Knew Wynter Was Hiding Secrets 
“The Yarwoods are interested in your project, Mr. Hilton,” Dalton stood up straight, his charming face calmed and reserved. “You may inform your team to start drafting the collaboration contract.” 
“Um…I… “Larry was puzzled, wondering what he had said to intrigue Dalton. 
Did he just secure the collaboration with the Yarwoods? 
It seemed like he had hit the mother lode without even trying! 
No, there was still a difference. Unlike a mother lode, collaboration with the Yarwood would bring in real money! 
The other CEOS present were even more confused than Larry; they didn’t even know what medical live streaming was. 
The investment conference ended with everyone puzzled only one aware of the purpose of this conference. 
except for Dalton, who was the 
He popped a lozenge in his m*uth, gritting it between his teeth, his eyes flickering. 
Now he could finally become one of Wynter’s investors. 
Understanding 
Dalton’s intention, Ethan gently reminded him, “Sir, what about Dr. Genius 
“Larry will inform her,” Dalton replied in a low tone.
Ethan nodded and turned to leave the room. Suddenly, he abruptly stepped back, slamming 
the door closed loudly. 
Dalton raised an eyebrow at him. 
“Sir, Wolf is outside!” Ethan seemed flustered. 
“Wolf?” Dalton asked slowly, as if contemplating. “Why is he here?” 
Ethan swallowed nervously, recalling he was almost seen by Wolf a moment ago. “I think 
Wolf came with Larry. Oddly enough, they seem to know each other quite well.” 
“They do?” Dalton tapped his finger on his bead bracelet, his expression calm. “I see.” 
It seemed like Wynter chose her investors quite carefully. 
What secrets were she hiding? 
“Sir, perhaps I should stay here for now,” Ethan softly inquired. 
Dalton nodded in agreement, his gaze shifting outside the window as he pondered carefully. 
Came to think of it, Larry’s visit at Southdale seemed more than just coincidental… as if he had come specifically for someone. 
Dalton’s eyes deepened significantly as he recalled what Max had said earlier: “Dr. Genius has already told me that you and she were just pretending.” 
He gripped his fingers tightly, knuckles turning pale.. 
Releasing his grip, he said, “Ethan.”
“Yes?” 
Eyes still outside the window, Dalton said, “Look into her childhood.” 
“Yes, Sir,” Ethan replied, understanding without question that Dalton was referring to 
Wynter. 
Nevertheless, Ethan couldn’t help but think that Dalton was getting a little obsessed with 
Wynter. 
Apparently, Wynter was more than just a casual acquaintance to Dalton. 
Meanwhile, Wynter, who had been planning to work on a live streaming proposal, suddenly received a call from Larry. 
“Boss, guess what happened in the investment conference,” Larry’s voice was so loud that it almost deafened Wynter. 
Wynter held the phone slightly further from her ear, continuing to plant Zenith herb while talking on the phone, “Spill it out, I don’t like guessing.” 
“Hehe!” Larry sounded like a mafia boss. “Man, the interview I went to last time really paid off! Even the head of the Yarwood family watched it! That guy was all over my personal charm, you know?” 
Based on her understanding of Mr. Yarwood, Wynter replied firmly, “Impossible. You must be dreaming.” 
“No, really! Just now at the meeting, he expressed interest in our project, offering resources and support. He even wants me to contact legal to draft the contract right away! And… ”
Larry chuckled shyly before continuing, “He even complimented me on having a reassuring face.” 
Chapter 103 VAHUN KETE 
Was that even a compliment? 
Casually propped her chin, Wynter’s gaze slightly darkened. “Got it. You can start working 
on the contract.” 
“Okay!” Larry replied enthusiastically before hanging up. 
However, Wynter didn’t believe things were as simple as they seemed. 
Something told her that Mr. Yarwood had set his sights on her. 
Could it be that she had left some trails during the Gibsons‘ incident? 
If that were the case, it would be unwise for her to turn down the collaboration, especially considering that no one in their right mind would refuse the Yarwoods. 
This Mr. Yarwood was such a headache. 
Wynter tapped on the top supporter on her live streaming channel Yarwood and sent him a private message: “Can we talk?” 
—-
###chapter164
Chapter 164 They Chatted Online 
After sending the message, Wynter realized she had a linked icon with Mr. Yarwood – a small pink heart symbol that gradually lit up when she interacted with him. 
Wynter’s fingers paused, wondering who had designed such an unnecessary icon. 
Previously, the moderator had asked her whether she wanted to grant Mr. Yarwood a linked icon, and she had agreed without much thought. 
But now… this icon seemed a little awkward as she tried to negotiate with him. 
Without hesitation, Wynter tapped the moderator’s account and sent: 
“Anyone there? Please remove this icon for me.” She attached a screenshot. 
The account instantly responded, but it was a bot. “Hi, streamer! How may I assist you?” 
Wynter messaged the bot along with Dalton’s and her accounts. “Remove our linked icon.” 
“Hi, streamer! Since you’re the only one with Emperor VIP Sir Yarwood’s defensive shield, the removal of the icon needs to be initiated by him. Alternatively, you can talk to one of our customer service representatives for further…” 
Without further ado, Wynter responded, “Take me to them.” 
“Hi, streamer! Our customer service team is currently experiencing huge traffic. You will need to wait in line for 7 hours. Send ‘1‘ to continue waiting, or “2” to…” 
Wynter immediately shut the chat, her beautiful expression tinged with irritation.
What a waste of time. 
Since Mr. Yarwood hadn’t replied yet, Wynter made herself a cup of tea, her fingers playing with the sugilite pendant, her demeanor was calm and aloof. 
Meanwhile, Dalton was consumed with collaboration proposals, so he entrusted his phone to Franklin, his new special assistant. 
Usually, Franklin refrained from checking Dalton’s personal phone without permission. If a call came in, he would have noticed, but private messages often went unnoticed. 
Hence, by the time Dalton retrieved his phone, an hour had passed since Wynter sent the message. 
Startled, he furrowed his brow slightly and cast a cold glance at Franklin. “From now on, Inform me immediately whenever she messages me.” 
Chapter 164 They Chatted Online 
Franklin was a little stunned. “Yes, Mr. Yarwood.” 
Who was this streamer? The boss seemed to value her greatly. 
Though curious, Franklin refrained from inquiring, he stood silently aside, watching Dalton fix his eyes on the phone. 
Dalton set down his diamond pen and tapped open the live streaming app. As if startled by something, his eyes narrowed, and his fingertips hesitated momentarily. 
If Franklin had stood a little closer, he might have noticed Dalton’s l*ps slightly curling into a smile, accompanied by a barely audible chud
“What do you want to talk about? Dalton replied, waiting patiently with no immediate intent to resume his work 
As Dalton’s special assistant, Frankdin discerned his demeanor and promptly rescheduled the meeting, which was originally scheduled for 15 minutes later, to after dinner. 
However, Franklin was far froen calm 
If he had seen it correctly, the app that Dalton had tapped open was the live streaming platform operated by the internet company owned by their group. 
And was that the Defensive Shield icon? 
So their boss had personally rewarded a streamer with a Defensive Shield 
Frankdin tried to remain calm, not showing any expression, while his hand had already 
typed and sent a message to the internal meeting group chat: 
“@Network Division Doris Yoder, please prepare the latest platform data and a detailed live streaming operation plan for me” 
Doris immediately replied: “Noted! I’ll prepare it right away, Mr. Lynch!”
###chapter165
Chapter 165 His Voice Sounded Familiar 
Doris then sent Franklin a private message. “Mr. Lynch, may I ask privately, is this your request or Mr. Yarwood’s?” 
“I requested it. Any problem?” Franklin replied. 
As Dalton’s special assistant, it was Franklin’s responsibility to pay attention to his boss’s priorities. 
This was a skill expected of a professional CEO’s special assistant. 
“Oh, no problem at all. It’s just that Mr. Yarwood suddenly rewarded a female streamer with an internal account the other day, so I thought… 
“Well, never mind then. Please ignore me, Mr. Lynch. Don’t worry, only the three of us top executives know about Mr. Yarwood’s account!” 
Female streamer? Female? 
Franklin took a deep breath and typed, “Please share that streamer’s live streaming channel with me as well, Ms. Yoder.” 
Doris immediately complied, a smile on her face. 
It seemed that Mr. Yarwood was planning to focus on developing their department. Good. thing they had signed this streamer! They would need to reward that moderator with a bonus later! 
As Franklin left the meeting room, he quickly scrolled through the live streaming channel ” Empathy Clinic“.
His heart relaxed a bit when he found out it was, in fact, a medical–related channel. He assumed that Dalton must be interested in it for work–related reasons. 
Meanwhile, in the meeting room, Dalton waited for about three minutes before receiving a reply. 
Empathy Clinic: “Mr. Yarwood, it seems you’re quite interested in me and have been following closely.” 
Standing upright in front of the medicine cabinet, Wynter typed with a slight chill beneath the medical goggles she wore. 
She bit off the glove from her other hand, her gesture accentuating the elegance of her face. 
Chapter 16 Hie Vorce Stect Farndian 
Judging from her response, Dalton could easily tell she wasn’t in a good mood at the 
moment. 
With a little hesitation, he replied. 
Emperor VIP Sir Yarwood: “I apologize for any rudeness from the Yarwood family in the past.” 
Taken aback by his reply, Wynter was momentarily at a loss for words. 
How could such an arrogant and aloof man, known as the cold–blooded tyrant of Sorzada City, be so unpredictable? 
Raising her eyebrows, Wynter typed, “Did he tell you this?”
Before she tapped send, she felt her tone seemed too intimate and inappropriate, so she deleted it and retyped it. 
Suddenly, a voice call interrupted her. 
Without much thought, Wynter answered the call. 
The person on the other end seemed to chuckle softly before saying, “You’ve been typing and deleting for a while. What is it you want to say?” 
His voice had a pleasant, gentle tone that exuded a captivating charm, like that of a voice actor telling stories at midnight. 
When Wynter heard his warm voice through the phone, she felt a sensation as if something was tickling her ear, inexplicably warming it. 
She adjusted her posture to listen more attentively, her brow furrowed. “Your voice…” 
“What about it?” Dalton’s hand abruptly paused as he was signing a document. 
“Nothing,” Wynter replied nonchalantly. 
She thought his voice sounded like that of her handsome patient. require the same level of attention. 
except her patient didn’t 
“I was just wondering, have we met before, Mr. Yarwood?” Wynter closed her clinic door, hoping to hear his voice more clearly. 
Dalton raised his eyes slightly. “What makes you think that, Ms. Quinnell?”
“Just trying to understand why someone as powerful as you would pay such excessive attention to a nobody like me. First, the generous live stream gifts; now offering resources. It’s worth asking,” Wynter said frankly, her eyes sharp with insight. “After all, there’s no 
Chapter 165 His Voice Sounded Familiar 
such thing as a free lunch in this world.” 
Initially, Mr. Yarwood’s voice reminded her of Dalton, but upon closer listening, it sounded colder and more imposing…
###chapter166
Chapter 166 Who’s That Messing with Dalton 
Dalton’s gaze lingered on the top floor of the Chamber of Commerce for a while before he replied with a meaningful smile, “I do indeed know Ms. Quinnell.” 
Upon hearing his answer, Wynter narrowed her eyes, her demeanor turning somewhat dangerous. 
She was wondering how much Mr. Yarwood had found out about her, and whether she needed to personally visit him to discuss matters. 
Then, she heard the sound of fabric rustling, followed by the striking of a lighter from the other end of the phone. Perhaps Mr. Yarwood had risen to light a cigarette. 
Dalton then said in a calm voice, “You saved my brother Anthony. I was in the car at that time, and Anthony kept asking to see you, so I sent him back to Kingbourne. I’ve always wanted to thank you personally, but my poor health condition prevented me from doing so.” 
Sent Anthony back? “Thrown” seemed more appropriate from his tone though. 
Nevertheless, it all made sense now. So, he was following her closely because she had saved his brother. 
Wynter toyed with the sugilite pendant in her hand, her hostility dissipating. 
But then again, Mr. Yarwood sure had an unconventional way of expressing gratitude. 
“Besides…” Dalton’s voice lowered, carrying a hint of melancholy, “I still find it rather concerning about the fact that Ms. Quinnell refuses to treat me.”
Feeling his tone was somewhat genuine, Wynter couldn’t help but feel a little guilty for doubting his sincerity. 
“Your illness requires constant attention, and I’ve heard about your allergy to women. Since I’m a woman, I’m afraid it wouldn’t be suitable for me to treat you,” she said. 
“Looks like Ms. Quinnell has been following me closely too.” Dalton coughed lightly, his smile remained. “I reckon you have heard some rumors about me then.” 
Stunned, Wynter’s hands paused. Then, she replied with a lie, “Never heard of any.” 
In fact, old man Atwater had told her about Mr. Yarwood carrying a myriad of personal burdens, with all kinds of setbacks. 
Back then, the old man even felt pity for Mr. Yarwood, who was blessed with fortune and prosperity by birth. 
Chapter 166 Who’s That Messing with Dalton 
Unable to visualize a person burdened with a myriad of personal struggles, Wynter lazily tossed some stones and asked Atwater, “What do his personal burdens look like? Mind- blowing?” 
Atwater looked at her as though he were seeing someone else’s shadow on her, then murmured, “You still haven’t remembered anything, have you?” 
The memory of Atwater’s words still made Wynter frown even now. 
She wondered why he had to be so mysterious and cryptic; his words always lacked clarity- not to mention, he had disappeared without a trace.
Perhaps he had gone somewhere to swindle others. 
Initially, Wynter had taken on the Yarwood family’s case out of curiosity to see the personal burdens Mortimer had told her about. 
Now, she was intrigued to see what Mr. Yarwood, the tyrant of Sorzada City, looked like. 
However, she hadn’t had any luck finding his picture online. 
She could have hacked into Mr. Yarwood’s local network to peek at his picture while chatting with him now, but that wasn’t her style. 
Besides, while Mr. Yarwood wasn’t some notorious villain, he was her top supporter who had generously rewarded her with nearly half a million. 
Wynter suddenly smiled mischievously while biting a piece of candy, as a playful idea had popped up into her mind. 
“Perhaps you can introduce yourself properly by sending me a photo, Mr. Yarwood. I can offer you some professional appearance advice.” 
The other end of the phone fell silent momentarily. 
Meanwhile, as Franklin walked into the meeting room, he swore he would never want to interrupt Dalton’s phone call if he had a choice; but he had to come to inform Dalton of Fabian’s arrival. 
Never in his wildest dream had he expected to overhear the woman on the phone messing with his boss, Dalton! 
No one under the sun would dare to mess with Dalton Yarwood, knowing his identity!
Most importantly, why wasn’t Dalton angry about it at all? 
Despite his usual composed demeanor, Franklin couldn’t help but sigh with deep worry.
###chapter167
Chapter 167 Dalton Sent a Picture 
His scholarly elegance was truly unparalleled. 
Even Franklin, who had been working for Dalton for some time, was astonished by his striking demeanor. 
He couldn’t imagine how the person on the other end would react upon receiving Dalton’s picture. 
Meanwhile, Wynter had been fixated on her phone screen since Dalton said “sending it now “. After a few seconds of waiting, she came to realize something was off. 
Why hadn’t she received the picture yet? 
Just as she was about to ask, she noticed that their call had ended due to a network issue. 
Why was there a network issue all of a sudden? 
Before Wynter could type a message, she received three system messages in her livestream backend: 
“We have received complaints and found inappropriate content in your livestream channel.” 
“Your account has been banned due to violations. During the ban, features such as livestream, private chat, etc. will be restricted.” 
“Reminder: If this account is found to have violated legal laws and regulations, we will forward the issue to the relevant authorities for further processing. Otherwise, you can request to lift the ban within 48 hours. The evaluation will take 24 hours.”
Complaints? Inappropriate content? 24 hours for evaluation? So, she wouldn’t be able to talk or receive messages for 24 hours? 
Wynter narrowed her eyes, realizing she and Margaret couldn’t broadcast their live stream as scheduled the next day. 
She scrolled back to the platform page; nothing responded no matter where she clicked. She couldn’t even edit the description of her livestream, let alone type in the chatbox. 
Every time she tried to send a message, the platform system would warn her with red exclamation marks. 
How timely this complaint was. If it had come a few seconds later, Wynter would have gotten a glimpse of that mysterious Mr. Yarwood. 
Nonetheless, compared to Mr. Yarwood’s appearance, Wynter was more concerned about this sudden “complaint“…
###chapter168
Chapter 168 Wynter’s Secret Identity 
Chapter 168 Wynter’s Secret Identity 
According to the livestream platform’s mechanism, they wouldn’t directly ban Wynter’s account if they had only received a few complaints. 
Since Wynter wasn’t broadcasting at the moment, it was unlikely she had violated any rules. 
In other words, the platform’s aggressive action indicated they had received a significant number of complaints. 
It appeared that someone had hired a professional troll army to target Wynter. 
Wynter sat in front of the medicine cabinet, her indifferent expression tinged with intrigue. 
Interesting, someone actually tried to take her down online. 
Should she commend their bravery or call them foolish? 
Bitting into a candy, Wynter swiftly took a screenshot and uploaded it to the Dark Web Alliance forum. 
Dark Web Alliance King: “I want the accounts associated with this troll army to disappear from the internet in one hour.” 
When her message was posted, it instantly stirred up a commotion in the forum. 
“Unbelievable! To think that some troll army had the nerve to mess with the Dark Web Alliance!” 
“Hey, it’s King!”
“Questions: Who’s King?” 
“King’s the founder of Dark Web Alliance, duh! Missing in action for a long while, though.” 
“That troll army is so dead; King just issued a wanted order on them!” 
While all hackers were free to target anyone they pleased, they knew better than to mess with the Dark Web Alliance. 
Rumor had it that the important members of the Dark Web Alliance were big shots from various industries, especially their founder, King. 
King was extremely low–key and unrestricted by any laws or rules. 
His whereabouts remained mysterious. Even internal members of the alliance had rarely seen him. It was said that he was always accompanied by the genius hacker L. 
Chapter 168 Wynter’s Secret Identity 
King first made his debut on the internet during an international case years ago. 
Back then, over 300 domestic websites faced attacks from foreign hackers, who aimed to steal highly confidential secrets from Shumland. 
It was King who stepped forward and left a message on the hackers‘ computer: “You’ve got one minute to get your ass out of Shumland’s local area network, or you can k*ss your ass goodbye.” 
Every hacker’s worst nightmare was their whereabouts being exposed, and King had not only located them but also remotely destroyed their hard drives.
After that incident, no other overseas organizations had the nerve to invade Shumland’s network again. 
And King was regarded as a legend thereafter. 
“Found it! It’s The Nines Entertainment!” A member of the Dark Web Alliance posted. 
The Nines Entertainment built its reputation by starting with paparazzi shots and sensationalizing topics. 
Initially, they would publish anything to attract traffic and make money causing internet uproars. 
even if it meant 
After being acquired by the Scott Group three years ago, they transitioned into managing talents and guilds. 
While they might seem legitimate now, they still nurtured troll armies and manipulated public opinion. 
Although there were cases of people being driven to suicide by them, they were backed by the Scott family and their powerful legal team, making it hard for common people to stand against them. 
That was why, despite their countless wrongdoings, they had managed to survive until now. 
The Nines Entertainment wasn’t afraid of retribution, especially not from a little streamer like Wynter. 
Hence, upon receiving Wanda’s request, The Nines Entertainment’s project manager, Ivan Yarbrough, didn’t hesitate to go all out against this new streamer. 
With Wanda’s tempting commission and her ties to the Scott family, Ivan simply couldn’t 
find a reason to decline.
However, having started through underhanded means, The Nines Entertainment wasn’t 
Chapter 168 Wynter’s Secret Identity 
granted access to the Dark Web Alliance forum. 
Thus, even now, Ivan was completely unaware of the consequences of his actions… 
Celebrate World Book Day! Unlock amazing gift now!
###chapter169
Chapter 169 Wanda and Her Evil Plans
In his office, Ivan sat with a triumphant smile, eyes fixed on the notification confirming his successful complaint.
He promptly sent a screenshot to Wanda, adding, “All set. Feel free to check the livestream channel anytime. While the account still stands, the livestream feature has been disabled.”
Wanda had just wrapped up a call with the Scott family’s main branch when she received this good news.
They had informed her that Fabin Quinnell of Kingbournethe was now in Southdale, seeking a highly skilled medical practitioner for his care. They wanted her to recommend someone
to him.
Wanda was overjoyed to receive the call from the main branch, which rarely contacted her if
ever.
This was her chance to prove herself!
A highly skilled medical practitioner? Looked no further! Yvette and Charlie fit the bill perfectly! Renowned in Southdale and hailed by the Shepherd family as medical rising stars, they were the ideal choice to tend to Fabian Quinnell's health.
“Things are just getting better and better for me,” Wanda exclaimed to herself as she called. Ivan after seeing his message. “Are you certain that you won't be able to broadcast live
stream tomorrow?”
Ivan replied confidently, “The platform explicitly stated that banned accounts can't live stream for at least 24 hours. If we persist, the account will be permanently banned, and the
streamer won't be able to create a new account.”
“What about the livestream channel?” Wanda anxiously asked the question that concerned
her most.
Ivan shrugged and responded, “Permanently banned along with the account, of course.”
“No, we can't allow that!” Wanda’s mind was made up. “The livestream channel mustn't be affected. I only want the streamer to be taken down, not the channel. In a way, that channel belongs to my husband.”
Ivan’s eyes gleamed with understanding. “Simple. The streamer will undoubtedly request the ban to be lifted. Once she resumes streaming, we just need to pressure her into
Chapter 169 Wanda and Her Evil Plans
transferring the channel to us. That way, the channel won't be affected.”
“Let's proceed with that plan!” Wanda immediately transferred a sum of money to Ivan. “I trust Mr. Yarbrough to know what to do next.”
"Just leave it to me, Mrs. Yates. We have our ways to deal with people online.” After receiving the payment, Ivan promptly went online and gathered more troll armies,
instructing them to start manipulating public opinion.
“Ideally, we'd like someone who can handle things in real life too. I remember you have actors in your company, don’t you?” Wanda added.
“Everything will be arranged.” Ivan smirked wickedly.
Hanging up the phone, Wanda was quite pleased with the efficiency of their work; unlike the freelance troll army she had hired last time,
Those freelancers had made no progress at all after accepting her job. On top of that, they even had the nerve to tell her that they wouldn't accept such requests anymore. How unprofessional!
“I knew I could count on a company under the Scott Group,” Wanda sipped her afternoon. tea contentedly.
It was undoubtedly the most satisfying day she had experienced in a while!
Reflecting on all the misfortune that had befallen the Yates family, Wanda realized it had all started with that ungrateful Wynter.
Now that she had cut off Wynter's only source of income, and the school would be taking action by afternoon at the latest, Wanda would show Wynter how easily it was to crush her with real life. What made that lowlife Wynter think she had what it takes to challenge her, Wanda Scott?
“Hmph.” Wanda smoothed her hair, anticipating Wynter and Margaret to come crawling to beg for mercy.
Meanwhile, Wyter had already hacked into The Nines Entertainment's local area network from her clinic.
As she was browsing through their information, her phone suddenly rang... 
###chapter170
Chapter 170 Wynter Fumed With Anger 
“Shh, keep it down! You don’t want to offend the Yates.” 
“Don’t you know? She’s been kicked out by the Yates! Now she’s living with some poor old lady who runs a massage parlor. That old lady smells like – Phew! Don’t even get me started!” 
“But I heard she’s doing live streaming, and it’s a hit!” 
“If her live streaming is so popular, why haven’t we heard her saying anything? It must be some fake rumor.” 
Meanwhile, in the school office, Karina was discussing the same matter. 
“You poorly educated parents simply don’t know how to teach your children. How could you let her do those ridiculous live streams? And if her live streams are a hit, why haven’t I heard. about it? 
“Besides, what does she know about medicine? What gives her the right to treat patients. online? Mrs. Yates Senior, your granddaughter is in big trouble now. What do you expect me to do?” 
Struggling to keep up with Karina from behind, Margaret spoke with a deferential tone, You’re right, Ms. Greene. I didn’t teach my granddaughter well. But is it possible that you look into this matter a little more? Wynter has always been a good kid since she was little. She wouldn’t-” 
“She wouldn’t what?” Karina rudely interrupted her, her tone filled with disdain. 
“Are you trying to say she wouldn’t cheat? Then enlighten me, how did she manage to get full marks in every subject? Don’t tell me she did it because of that unprofessional medical training you taught her!”
Margaret frowned, attempting to reason with Karina. “Ms. Greene, you can’t accuse Wynter of cheating based on speculation.” 
“Oh, I see what you’re doing now, Margaret. You’re not here to apologize but to teach me how to do my job, are you?” 
Karina returned to her desk with her laptop and sarcastically waved her hand. 
“In that case, you can go now. I still have tons of work to do. As for Wynter’s fate, you can sit at home and wait for school’s notice.” 
Wynter happened to hear these words when she was just stepping through the door…
###chapter171
Chapter 171 Quitting School 
But since you’re here, you might as well take your grandmother and skedaddle. I have a lot of work to do.” 
Wynter leaned forward and gently tapped the screen of Karina’s laptop. With each tap, she drawled, “By work, do you mean insulting my grandmother?” 
“You…” Karina turned her laptop away from Wynter. “Don’t go looking at my things without permission!” 
A smile curled on Wynter’s l*ps as she glanced at Karina. “Isn’t it your job to teach instead of discriminate against those who come from lesser backgrounds? 
“Also, are you trying to lose your job by hinting at parents to give bribes?” 
A chill went down Karina’s spine when she heard this. However, she denied it vehemently, ” 
I did no such thing! Don’t go running your m*uth without evidence. 
“If you don’t want to keep coming to school, then just say so!” 
“Wynter…” Margaret grew worried and tugged on the hem of Wynter’s shirt. 
Wynter gave Margaret a look to placate her before turning her dark gaze on Karina. “I can get evidence if I want to. As for you, what evidence do you have that I cheated?” 
“What evidence do I need? How could a drop–out like you know medical emergency procedures and score a perfect grade for it? Who would believe that?” Karina huffed.
She continued, “Listen carefully, Wynter, your grandmother could beg me all she wants, but our school will never accept a delinquent like you! You can go anywhere else for all I care!” 
As though remembering something, Wynter smiled. “So, you’re saying this school doesn’t 
want me.” 
“That’s right!” Karina crossed her arms, looking defiant. 
Wynter grinned. “Perfect. I couldn’t care less about coming to school here. I quit.” 
“N–No! Don’t quit!” 
Just then, there was a loud bang as the wooden doors slammed open from the outside.
###chapter172
Chapter 172 Turning Tables 
Chapter 172 Turning Tables 
In ran an old man who was out of breath. His glasses were slightly askew, and there was something affable in the way his large belly moved with his every breath. 
It had been a while since Victor last dropped by the school, and his visit today was an impromptu as well. 
Even though the school had one of the worst academic performances in Southdale, he still had a few students he needed to keep an eye on. 
Victor had been delighted when he walked by the cafeteria earlier and overheard the 
students saying Wynter had come. 
With such a rare opportunity at hand, he decided he must have Wynter give a talk during the school assembly: 
However, when Victor heard the students say that Wynter was bound to be expelled after Karina had demanded to meet her parents or guardians, he panicked. 
Paying no mind to the heads of departments behind him, Victor immediately ran toward the school office block. 
The heads of departments exchanged a baffled look. None of them knew what had just happened.
Despite running as fast as he could, Victor still couldn’t make it in time. Regret filled him as he questioned his decision to hire someone like Karina in the first place. 
Karina did not sense Victor’s regret as she gaped at the man. Hurrying up to him, she asked, “Mr. Lopez! What are you doing here?” 
“Oh,” Wynter mused indifferently as enlightenment dawned upon her. “I see that Ms. Greene got her job through connections.” 
Horrified to hear this, Victor quickly shook off Karina’s hold as if to draw boundaries. 
He stared at Wynter pleadingly and said, “There’s been a mistake, Wynter. You know I would never allow this to happen. You are always welcome at our school.” 
Karina’s eyes widened in disbelief. “Mr. Lopez! S–She refuses to learn and never scores well in her exams. Not to mention, she has a horrible attendance. We can’t have a student like her in our school!” 
“You could’ve been more accommodating of her,” Victor snapped. “You call yourself a teacher when you don’t even know your own student’s aptitude?” 
Chapter 172 Tuming Tables 
At this point, the school’s heads of departments had arrived at the scene. Students swarmed the office block and were whispering among themselves. 
Seeing this, Karina feigned resentment as she said tearfully, “If you’re here to defend Mrs. Yates and give her a second chance, then I have nothing to say.
“However, letting Wynter stay here will bring shame to the medical industry! She can’t even set up an IV drip properly! She’ll only embarrass us when she goes out into the workforce.” 
“Ms. Greene has a point,” a student said. 
“Our school may be average, but at least we’re working hard together. Wynter will only drag us down.” 
Margaret squeezed Wynter’s hand when she heard this. She was worried that the girl would be affected. 
However, Wynter smiled nonchalantly and eased Margaret into a seat. 
“Ignore them,” she said in an unbothered voice. 
“Do you see how insubordinate she is, Mr. Lopez?” Karina pointed at Wynter. “She has no remorse! She’s a lousy student, and she’s too arrogant to apologize for her mistakes!” 
A loud thud sounded through the room as Victor slammed his palm against the table. His chest was heaving as he snapped icily at Karina, “You should be the one apologizing!” 
As he said this, he turned and pointed at the students who had gathered to watch. “That goes for all of you too!” 
Gone was Victor’s affable demeanor as he glowered at the crowd. “I set up this school to help you, not to provide you a place for gossip! I don’t have to tell you more about Wynter’s accomplishments. 
“Did none of you youngsters ever come across her livestreams? Go search up Empathy Clinic on your social media and see for yourself!” 
He looked grave as he added, “Let me make something clear. As long as I’m here, don’t any of you dare to pick on Wynter. It is our honor that she decided to come to school here.”
Having heard this, the heads of departments and students immediately searched “Empathy Clinic” on their social media. They were stunned when they watched a few of the recordings that came up with the search.
###chapter173
Chapter 173 Remarkable Talent 
The statistics alone were astounding. 
“Whoa, that’s amazing! She knows her stuff!” 
“she only took one look at the person’s face and knew that they had stomach problems. That’s Incredible!” 
“Is she the one who treated the postgraduate senior?” 
Karina could only hear an intense roaring in her head as exclamations sounded all around her. 
“No, there’s no way she’s that good,” Karina argued instinctively, flushing. “Mr. Lopez, Wynter must have staged all those videos!” 
“So you’re saying that I’m playing along with her act as well?” Victor was furious. He had no idea what was wrong with Karina. 
Karina quickly explained, “Of course not, Mr. Lopez. I merely meant that given Wynter’s scheming ways, she might be fooling you as well. 
“Besides, even if she does know enough about traditional medicine to give online consultations and treatments, there’s no way thatshe can ace so many of her placement tests!” 
As she said this, she tossed the test papers she had stacked up earlier onto the desk. “Take a look at her grades before you decide, Mr. Lopez.” 
Her voice turned icy. “I won’t mention her first aid skills since all of you claim that she knows her way around medicine. However, her grades in mathematics, physics, and Emstian are outrageous!”
Karina fl*pped through the test papers and said self–righteously, “She scored all of these tests perfectly. 
“I even asked Mr. Blackwell, the physics teacher, about it. He said he hadn’t gone over the last question in the paper either. But even if he had, he wouldn’t expect the students to 
remember how to solve it. 
“Mr. Lopez, if you don’t believe me, you can ask Wynter’s classmates.” 
Someone from Class Three who was present in the crowd piped up softly, “It’s true. The physics test this time is tough. 
Chapter 173 Remarkable Talent 
“The last question, in particular, was an additional one. Only three students in the entire district got it right.” 
“See? Only three students in the entire district got that question right!” Karina repeated as she shot Wynter a smug look. “Not only did Wynter answer that question perfectly, but she even submitted her test paper early! 
“Are you going to tell me that a college student like her could outdo the students from the top high schools in our district?” 
Hearing this, the crowd gasped in unison and turned to look at Wynter skeptically. 
At once, the crowd began to guess among themselves. 
“There’s no way she could have solved that question on her own.”
“I asked friends of mine who go to one of the top schools back at home, and they couldn’t 
answer it either!” 
“More importantly, isn’t it ridiculous that Wynter could get a perfect score when she never 
came to class?” 
Wynter did not move from Margaret’s side as she took in the discussion surrounding har. 
She was the epitome of calm as she stood with steady legs and with her purple sugilite pendant resting against her t–shirt. 
She rubbed the pendant between her fingers as she listened to each and every comment from the crowd. Her gaze was dark, and her l*ps were curled up in amusement. 
Karina pointed out solemnly, “As I’ve said, Mr. Lopez, you can go ahead and keep Wynter im our school if you wish. However, everyone here knows the truth, and that is something even 
you cannot change.” 
Abel had told Victor about the time he called up Margaret and suggested that he give Wynter tutoring sessions. 
Despite this fact, Victor trusted that Wynter had morals and principles. “Ms. Greene, do you have evidence to support your suspicions? Could it be that the invigilator for the test that day did not take his task seriously?” 
“I took my task very seriously, Mr. Lopez!” Morgan Daniels, the bespectacled invigilator for Wynter’s physics test the other day, spoke up. “I don’t remember Wynter behaving abnormally during the test that day.
“Granted, she finished the test earlier and submitted it half an hour before it was due, But 
Chapter 173 Remarkable Talent 
she never spoke to the other students after that.” 
He paused before adding, “Oh, wait! I also remember seeing her show up for the test with a wound on her forehead. It kept bleeding, and I was so worried that I considered escorting her to the infirmary. But she didn’t go in the end.” 
Days had passed since that incident, and Morgan was surprised to learn that Wynter had scored so well on her placement tests. 
Celebrate World Book Day! Unlock amazing gift now!
###chapter174
Chapter 174 Exposing Karina 
In truth, the results of the placement test were released some time ago. However, Karina deliberately kept quiet about it and did not tell anyone. 
When she first glanced at the test results, she decided on instinct that Wynter had cheated. 
“So nothing strange happened during the test,” Victor concluded gravely. “I’ll ask you again, Ms. Greene. Do you have evidence to support your suspicions?” 
Karina grew anxious. “Mr. Lopez, Wynter’s usual academic performance is way below standards. There’s no way she could have scored full marks on all these subjects! 
“Sure, nothing was amiss during the physics test, but what about during the Emstian test? She’d normally score 30 or 40 marks on the subject, so isn’t it strange that she aced it this time? 
“She must have seen the questions beforehand and memorized her answers for the test!” 
“She got full marks on Emstian too?” This time, it was Ivana, the Emstian teacher, who gasped. 
Her eyes widened as she took and scanned through the test paper. 
“S–She answered the questions perfectly!” Ivana was so stunned that she uttered a few 
words in Emstian. 
She even added in amazement, “Perfect choice of words too! They do use these phrases a lot in conversational Emstian.” 
Karina stiffened and pointed out, “Ms. Kowalski, I’m sure thatWynter cheated on the test.“.
“No, no,” Ivana countered as she met Karina’s gaze. “I might suspect that Wynter had cheated to get such results if I hadn’t read the paper. However, Ms. Greene, there is no particular way to write an Emstian essay. 
“You claim that Wynter memorized her answers before going into the test, but I disagree. The phrases she wrote have never appeared in any of the model answers. 
“Besides, you can tell from her writing that she did not hesitate. It’s almost like she wrote a letter in Emstian. The writing is smooth, though I do think that she needs to work on her penmanship.” 
With that, Ivana beamed at Wynter, whose face was a work of art. “Well done, Wynter! Your results are a shocking delight!” 
Chapter 174 Exposing Korina 
Karina snorted. “I think I’ve heard enough, Ms. Kowalski. The only reason you’re taking Mr. Lopez’s side in this matter is because you want to become the head of the department. Don’t forget that your duties as a teacher do not include sucking up to the top brass,” 
“Excuse me?” Ivana flushed in anger. “I was only stating facts; not trying to make a career advancement!” 
Karina looked at the crowd of students behind her. “Do any of you believe that Wynter aced the test without cheating?” 
Though the students did not answer her question, they did whisper among themselves. 
Karina had always been good at stirring up drama to her advantage, or she would not have become a homeroom teacher in the first place.
Wynter’s gaze was dark as she drawled nonchalantly, her voice crisp and even, “I think you have more experience in sucking up to the top brass than anyone else, Ms. Greene.” 
“Don’t you 
dare accuse me of such things!” The vein on Karina’s temple throbbed as she grimaced. “This is a school, not some lawless land.” 
Wynter tilted her head and toyed with her phone. She was still chewing candy when she said slowly, “Isn’t there an assembly today? I think the school radio station is still testing the sound equipment.” 
“What are you talking about?” Karina was at a loss. 
Just then, audio began to play from the speakers. 
The school radio station would normally put on some music before announcing the assembly agenda. 
However, the only audio that could be heard blasting through the speakers was, “If you appoint me as a homeroom teacher, then whatever you say goes, Mr. Anderson.”
###chapter175
Chapter 175 Dalton Still Cares 
The woman’s voice in the audio was sultry, followed by the sound of clothes rustling. Anyone who listened knew at once what had happened after that. 
At that moment, Karina blanched. She glanced toward the crowd, where Edmund Anderson, the vice principal, stood grimacing. 
He sported a bulging belly and a balding head. Waving his arms frantically, he yelled, “Turn it off! Tell the school radio station to turn it off right now!” 
The students manning the radio station had wanted to turn off the audio as soon as they realized their mistake. However, the content was so scandalous that they froze in shock. 
More to the point, they had no idea how the audio could have been routed into the broadcasting system in the first place. 
It was as if someone had taken control of their radio station. 
Little did they know, someone had indeed taken control of their radio station, albeit remotely. The person behind this was not in the school compound but at the Chamber of 
Commerce. 
Wolf was attending a dinner party with Larry when Wynter assigned him the mission. 
He ate with such gusto that the attendants at the ball had to give him, and only him, several helpings of food. They kept the lamb chops, the dessert, and everything else coming.
However, he had come with Larry. The presidents of renowned companies in Southdale all presumed Wolf was Larry’s son and dared not condemn the child’s eating habits. They even lauded him with praise. 
“He’s got such a healthy appetite!” 
Wolf did not utter a single word throughout dinner. He looked clean and proper, not to mention aloof. He didn’t care much about anyone or anything other than food, not even 
Larry. 
Wolf carried on eating until the watch on his wrist beeped. His dark eyes lit up as a grin stretched across his innocent–looking face. 
He silently asked Larry for the tablet, which he then connected to a portable keyboard. Just like that, he sat down in the center of the ballroom. 
Larry couldn’t tell what game Wolf was playing to make him look so excited. 
Chapter 175 Dalton Still Cares 
One of the company presidents remarked, “Your son sure is a serious gamer, Mr. Hilton.” “Oh, um, yes.” Larry was more approachable than usual as he dragged the company president to the side to discuss business matters. 
From the serious look on Wolf’s face, Larry knew the child was up to something and not to be disturbed. 
Meanwhile, Dalton saw this from where he sat on the second floor.
Ethan had been keeping an eye on Wolf, and he would come in from time to time to whisper the latest update in Dalton’s ear. 
Not even Fabian, who was seated across the table from Dalton, could keep Dalton from being so invested in Wolf’s every move. 
Having noticed Dalton’s strange behavior, Fabian raised the porcelain teacup to his l*ps as his grey brows furrowed. “You seem to care a lot about the little boy. Who is he? 
“Don’t tell me you’re only paying attention to him because everyone’s been saying he could be Larry’s son. Welkin Corporation might be impressive, but you’re better.” 
Fabian did not beat around the bush as he regarded Dalton with bright and knowing eyes. 
Dalton smiled as he stared at the teacup in his hand. “He’s Dr. Genius’ brother.” 
“Dr. Genius‘ brother?” Fabian repeated, surprised. He thought about Wynter, who looked so much like his wife. 
He added somewhat bitterly, “I don’t know what’s going on with that girl. She hasn’t been following up on our appointments or replying to my messages.” 
Dalton wanted to say he was in the same boat, but he doubted now was the right time. 
He had sent Wynter the pictures only for her to disappear after that. She didn’t reply to his messages, either. 
If Fabian weren’t here right now, Dalton would have gone to the clinic to personally demand an explanation from her.
###chapter176
Chapter 176 Wolf’s Identity 
Dalton had grown up lauded with praise. He was capable, cold, and calculative. Nothing could take him by surprise. 
He was the hardest person to deal with in the Yarwood family because no one knew what he was thinking or feeling. 
Dalton wished the people who praised him could see what Wynter did to him. 
With her, he was no longer the one in control. Rather, she was controlling him. 
The fact that she couldn’t be bothered to listen to him piqued his interest and his frustration. He likened it to being tickled. 
His fingers clenched around the teacup as his dark gaze flickered to where Wolf sat in the ballroom. 
The angle made it hard for Dalton to see what Wolf was typing. 
He doubted Wolf was into games, and Larry’s treatment of him warranted some pondering. 
Dalton looked away and glanced down at his waist. His gaze darkened dangerously. 
He would not let anyone bite him and get away with it, not even if the person was family. Meanwhile, Wolf was still typing away in the ballroom. He had a baguette in his m*uth as his fingers flew over the keyboard. For someone who looked so naive, his instincts were sharper than most. 
He suddenly looked up toward the second floor. 
He could make out an elegant but blurry silhouette in the dim lighting. However, he could not see the person’s face as a large cluster of roses obscured it.
Wolf could only see the person’s hand, which seemed familiar. 
At once, Wolf stopped typing. His l*ps formed a thin line as an inexplicable aversion toward that mysterious person seized him. 
Rising to his feet, he walked over to Larry and signed the question, “Who’s the person up there?” 
Larry could only guess what Wolf was signing. “Is someone up there?” 
Wolf nodded, a somber look flashing across his childish features. 
Chapter 176 Wolf’s Identity 
Larry glanced in the direction Wolf had gestured in earlier. At once, he was greeted by Fabian’s cold and imperious side profile. “Mr. Quinnell Senior? I didn’t think the old man would be in Southdale!” 
“Not the old man,” Wolf signed as he nodded at the figure opposite Fabian. “The young one over there!” 
Larry recognized Dalton’s dark trench coat at once. “That’s Dalton, the head of the 
Yarwoods and our next big investor. He’s got the looks and the money–he’s the whole package!” 
Wolf narrowed his eyes as he looked up at the figure on the second floor once more. 
“That’s the guy who made me lose my computer!” the little boy thought angrily. 
Larry noticed the vicious gleam in Wolf’s eyes and quickly held the child back. He said in hushed tones, “You can’t lay a finger on that guy, kid. If you do, then we’re both done for.” 
Wolf paid no mind to Larry’s warning as he grabbed one of the chairs, ready for a throwdown.
“Boss has already agreed to work with Dalton. If you hurt him, you’ll have to tell Boss what you did,” Larry said immediately. 
Hearing this, Wolf let go of the chair. He frowned, clearly displeased by how things had 
turned out. 
As such, his act of remotely controlling the school radio station became fueled with 
annoyance. 
Meanwhile, Dalton had hidden from Wolf’s line of sight deliberately. He wanted to know what an 11– year–old child was doing with that tablet. 
Judging by Wolf’s typing speed, he did not look like he was gaming at all. Rather, the little kid worked that keyboard like an IT professional. 
Dalton’s gaze darkened. No one could tell what he was thinking, not even Ethan, who couldn’t sense anything other than Dalton’s displeasure. 
Over at the Medical Academy, the snippet of the scandalous conversation was still playing through the speakers. “Whatever you say goes, Mr. Anderson…” 
The students at the radio station couldn’t put a stop to it. At this point, the whole school was in shock. 
All the teachers and students had heard the female voice in the audio. They were all 
Chapter 176 Wolfs Identity 
stumped, and their eyes were wide with surprise
“Wait, doesn’t that voice belong to Ms. Greene, the homeroom teacher for Class Three?”
###chapter177
Chapter 177 Burden of Proof 
The discussion spread like wildfire. 
“That’s Ms. Greene!” 
“Isn’t Mr. Anderson married with children?” 
“How scandalous!” 
Victor was furious. “Karina! Edmund! How dare you defile our school like this?” 
Edmund immediately began to plead his case. “Mr. Lopez, she seduced me first! For old time’s sake, why not we…” 
“Keep quiet!” Victor wouldn’t have known such unscrupulous activities had taken place at his school if he hadn’t come today, “I don’t want your explanation. You and Karina are a disgrace!” 
Karina, on the other hand, resorted to shameless denial. “That wasn’t me!” 
She couldn’t admit that she was the one caught in the scandal. If she did, her entire career 
would be over. 
More importantly, she doubted that anyone could prove that the voice in the audio belonged to her when there was no real footage to support it. 
“Oh?” Wynter slowly toyed with the purple sugilite pendant she was wearing. “Are you sure that wasn’t you, Ms. Greene?” 
The next moment, a second audio cl*p played through the speakers.
The audio was loud and clear as it reverberated through the air. “If you want that kid of yours to get into our school, then I’m sure that I can arrange it for 50 thousand. 
“She’ll be admitted without fail. I can cover up her past as a bully, no problem. Just say, Thank you, Karina” and we have a deal.” 
The crowd burst into an uproar when they heard this. 
Karina felt her legs give in as she slumped to the ground. She knew there would be no clearing her name now. 
Wynter tilted her head to one side as a breezy laugh escaped her. “Nice of you to expose yourself, Ms. Greene.” 
Karina’s gaze was far away as horror dawned on her. She stared at Wynter like the latter was 
Chapter 177 Burden of Proof 
the devil. 
“H–How do you know all of these? L…” Karina had been sure that those conversations were held in private. 
Wynter sauntered up to Karina and gently lifted a lock of the woman’s hair. 
“I’ve given you the evidence you asked for, Ms. Greene,” she whispered into Karina’s ear. 
Karina was pale as she cried loudly, “Go away! You’re a devil! A devil!”
As if she was terrified by Wynter, Karina bolted out of the office like a lunatic. 
Wynter turned to face the crowd. Pointing to her temple, she feigned puzzlement as she asked the crowd, “Do you guys think that Ms. Greene isn’t quite right in the head?” 
“Only filthy–minded people could do such disgusting things!” Victor huffed angrily. “It’s precisely because of teachers like her that the education system is going backward. 
“She practically snuffed out the cream of the crop!” 
He was thunderous as he snapped, “I want the Academic Department, Human Resources, and Education Ministry to know about this! 
“I want Karina’s scandal to be papered all over town! There’s no need to cover this up. going to take accountability for what happens under our roof!” 
He slammed his palm against the table. He could not contain his rage. “Edmund, turn yourself in! You’re a disgrace to our profession! 
We’re 
“Is this how you run the school when I’m not around? Like it’s a freak show? Get out of my sight!” 
Everyone knew what would happen to Edmund once he turned himself in. He would end up losing his job and probably get thrown in jail for abusing his position. 
However, no one felt sorry for him nor Karina. They were crooks who deserved each other, and the whole school was glad to be rid of them. 
Following this series of events, Margaret turned to look at her granddaughter. “Wynter, this whole thing…”
She couldn’t help feeling as if something was amiss. There were far too many coincidences for comfort. It was almost like someone was helping her and Wynter. 
Wynter smiled. “Karma knows its way around, Grandma. I just got lucky.” 
Margaret caressed Wynter’s face as she said affectionately, “Oh, you.” 
Chapter 177 Burden of Proof 
“Let’s go home, Grandma.” Wynter helped Margaret straighten up and swept her gaze over the chattering crowd. She looked distinctly unbothered by what had just happened. 
Just then, someone asked loudly, “Ms. Greene might have gotten what was coming for her, but you still haven’t proven that you didn’t cheat on the test!”
###chapter178
Chapter 178 Wynter the Admired 
Another person exclaimed, “Yeah, those are two different matters entirely!” 
“If you didn’t cheat, then take the test again!” 
At the end of the day, no one believed that Wynter had scored the test perfectly without cheating. 
Victor tried to placate the crowd. “Everyone, calm down.” 
“No way! If she scores full marks on the test this round, I’ll apologize to her on my knees!” one of the students said defiantly. 
Margaret panicked at this and made an effort to explain, but Wynter gripped her hand to stop her. 
Casting a cold look over the crowd, Wynter found the person who had spoken earlier and said, “I look forward to your apology.” 
“Challenge accepted!” the person said, all gung–ho like he had just done something righteous. 
“Mr. Lopez, let Wynter retake the test now that she’s agreed to it!” Some of the students had formed a group to gang up on Victor, forcing him to make a decision. 
If Victor had it his way, he wouldn’t let Wynter retake the test at all. 
While demanding Wynter to prove her capabilities was rude, the truth remained that hardly anyone ever scored full marks on the placement test. It took talent and nothing short of a 
miracle. 
Anyone could tell that the bet was unfair to Wynter.
However, she maintained her unruffled and nonchalant stance. The tiny mole just beneath her lower lashes seemed to disappear as she said, “Could you make the arrangements, Mr. Lopez Senior?” 
If it weren’t for the old man, she would have quit school on the spot. She couldn’t care less about proving herself to anyone. 
But given how the Lopez family had helped her and Margaret out all this time, Wynter knew she couldn’t just walk away from this battle. She couldn’t embarrass Victor like that. 
“Arranging the retake isn’t a problem.” Victor was a man of principles. “But we have to be fair. Students, do you think there is anyone who can score perfectly for every grade? 
Chapter 179 Wenter the Adm?ed 
“If not, why would you hold Wynter to such high standards?” 
A student piped up, “Then you set the threshold, Mr. Lopez!” 
Victor surveyed the crowd and declared, “35. If Wynter scores a COPA of 15 on her retale, then the students who doubted her must apologize to her.” 
A CGPA of 3.5. A score that one could work very hard to achieve and earn a spot in a 
prestigious university. 
It was a score that a college student could only dream of. 
It was unprecedented for anyone to get that score. After all, only the most elite students from the city’s top high schools had earned placements in those prestigious universities. 
With that in mind, none of the students ed to the threshold Victor had set.
“And what if she falls short of that standard?” someone asked. 
Before Victor could answer, Wynter interjected, “Then I’ll quit school.” 
She was so straightforward about it that the crowd made no ions. 
Victor announced, “In that case, Wynter will retake the test three days later. A student representative and two teachers will be selected at random to be invigilators. 
“The teachers shall prepare the test papers for their respective subjects on the day of. Wynter shall complete and submit the tests on the same day.” 
The students were agreeable to this. “That’s as fair an arrangement as any.” 
They knew the matter was decided, and the group of heckling students earlier knew there was no point in arguing any further. 
“Now, Mr. Daniels and Ms. Kowalski, will you please bring Edmund and come with me to the police station?” Victor cut a sharp look at Edmund, who was trying to sneak away. 
Morgan asked quietly, “What about Ms. Greene?” 
“That sorry excuse of a teacher? Tell her family and her alma mater about what she did!” Victor snapped, still outraged. 
Ivana and Morgan answered, “Yes, sir!” 
No one had expected the scandal to blow up, but they had to nip it in the bud before it destroyed the school’s reputation. 
Margaret could still hear students talking about the incident even while Wynter was leading
Chapter 178 Wynter the Admired 
her out of the school. 
“Isn’t it strange how Ms. Greene’s dirty secrets were put on air like that? How did that happen?” 
“One of the students at the radio station told me that it could be the work of a…” 
“A what?” 
“A hacker! Someone hacked into Ms. Greene’s telecommunications and looped her phone conversations into the school broadcasting system.” 
“Oh my gosh! You mean hackers like that actually exist?” 
“I don’t know, but isn’t it awesome? I don’t know who did it, but they served justice for us 
folks!” 
Margaret stopped in her tracks when she heard this and asked Wynter, “Do you think what your schoolmates say is possible, Wynter? That there might be some hacker involved 
in this?
###chapter179
Chapter 179 Personal Tutor 
Wynter was in the middle of buying a hot dog. 
After scanning the QR code to pay the vendor, she handed the hot dog to Margaret and said, “I guess it’s possible. Stranger things have happened.” 
“Then who do you think the hacker is?” Margaret asked bluntly. 
Wynter smiled. “I think it’s L.” 
“L?” Margaret was baffled. “Just a letter?” 
“It’s a codename, Grandma,” Wynter explained patiently, “Every hacker on the internet has a codename to keep their real identities a secret.” 
Margaret paused before asking, “How do you know so much about these things, Wynter?” 
“Wolf told me,” Wynter answered frankly. “He even showed me L’s biography. Apparently, L hacked into a bank’s system at the age of six. He’s something of a computer prodigy.” 
“Wolf has always been fascinated by strange things like that,” Margaret muttered. 
“Hmm, indeed,” Wynter agreed with a nod. 
“L did a pretty good job,” Margaret remarked. 
Wynter laughed. “What makes you say that?” 
“Didn’t you hear your schoolmates praising him? He served justice!” Margaret snorted, which was. endearing. “That unscrupulous Ms. Greene deserves to have her ugly colors revealed like that.”
Wynter’s smile deepened when she heard this 
Just then, Margaret changed the subject. “I’m worried about this whole retaking–the–test business. I asked Emest about tutoring you the last time, and he was more than happy to help. 
“Why don’t you have him come over and stay at our place tonight?” 
“Stay at our place?” Wynter, for all her calculations, never expected this development. “Have a little faith in me, Grandma.” 
“I do have faith in you,” Margaret placated. She would not be guilt–tripped by Wynter. “I just think it’s better to be safe than sorry. If you don’t call Ernest, then I’ll do it myself. 
“He told me to call him if anything ever happened to you.” 
Wynter gaped at her grandmother. She was rarely shocked, but now she realized that things could really 
get out of her control. 
“Fine,” she relented. “I’ll call him later and have him come over tomorrow.” 
She only agreed so that Margaret would stop hounding her about this. After all, Wynter was confident she 
did not need to study. 
It would be hard for her to get any work done if Ernest, her ridiculously beautiful patient, came over. 
She hadn’t forgotten that her live–streaming channel was blocked.
The timing of Karina’s downfall, coupled with the complaints against Wynter’s live–streaming channel and the troll army’s company background, was too coincidental. 
As Wynter tapped the smooth and sleek back of her phone, she had a feeling she knew who was behind 
all this. 
Meanwhile, Wanda was entertaining Fiona throughout the party. She had prepared a luxurious seafood spread and opened a bottle of 1992 Lafette. 
She had no idea that her first move against Wynter had failed. 
The smile on her face sl*pped when she got a call from Karina explaining what had happened at the school. “What? Wynter wasn’t expelled?” 
Karina refrained from telling the whole truth and merely said, “It’s not as if I can stop Mr. Lopez from keeping her around.” 
“What about her cheating on the test and scoring perfect grades on her papers?” Wanda demanded. 
Karina thought quickly. “I mean, you’ve seen her results. She definitely cheated.” 
“Then everything will be fine,” Wanda said, cheering up instantly. “You’re as efficient as ever, Ms. Greene.” 
A twinge of guilt seized Karina, but she was out of options. “Mrs. Yates, I’ve officially crossed a line with Mr. Lopez and got myself fired. Could you help me out?” 
“Have the Lopez family gone cuckoo? How ridiculous,” Wanda pointed out smugly. “They’ve been getting on my nerves for ages.
“If Victor insists on protecting Wynter unconditionally, then I might as well kill two birds with one stone. I’ll write a letter to the Education Ministry later!”
###chapter180
Chapter 180 Wanda and Yvette’s Lie 
“N–No! Don’t write the letter!” Karina shrieked. If Wonda wrote the letter, Karina would be done for. 
Wanda frowned. “Goodness, Ms. Greene. You nearly scared the daylights out of me.” 
“Sorry. Mrs. Yates,” Karina apologized. She scrolled through the webpage as she said hurriedly, “What about the pay you promised me?” 
Wanda snorted. “I’ll transfer it to you.” 
The moment Karina received the money, she bought herself a plane ticket. 
Perhaps her fear of Wynter got the better of her, for she warned Wanda, “Mrs. Yates, you ought to be careful of Wynter. She’s a little twisted.” 
“Her?” Wanda was unconvinced. “Why should I be careful of a poor and powerless brat like her?” 
“She- Before Karina could elaborate, officers from the Education Ministry showed up at her door. 
When the call ended abruptly, Wanda grumbled to herself, “She’s all over the place.” 
The butler announced, “Mrs. Yates, Ms. Young has arrived!” 
Wanda straightened up immediately. “Quick, go and get Yvette!” 
The butler dared not dawdle. “Right away, ma’am!” 
The Yates were expecting an important guest today 
Fiona had been working for the Quinnells for many years. Whatever she said carried weight in the prestigious family who hailed from Kingsbourne.
With the Quinnells‘ wealth, even a small collaboration with them could be worth an astronomical sum. 
After learning who the honored guest was, Yvette made sure to look her best. 
Presently, Yvette and Wanda stood by the villa entrance. Their eyes were filled with envy when they saw the approaching Rolls–Royce. 
When the Rolls–Royce came to a stop, Wanda hurried over to greet her guest. “Ms. Young, it’s been more 
than a decade and you still look as elegant as ever!” 
Fiona allowed Wanda to help her out of the car. She might be just a nanny for the Quinnells, but she was decked out like royalty. “Oh, I have nothing on you youngsters.” 
Afterward, she glanced at Yvette and said, “And you must be my niece.” 
Yvette displayed her portrait of humility as she answered, “Yes.” 
Her response pleased Fiona, who thought Yvette behaved appropriately as a young lady in a second– rate city. 
She was nothing like the rude young lady Ryan had brought over to the Quinnells‘ place that one time. 
Chapter 180 Wanda and Yvette s Lie 
That young lady had thought she was entitled just because she had saved Fabian. 
“Your mother told me that you were well–versed in medicine,” Fiona said to Yvette. 
Yvette replied demurely, “I’m studying medicine at Sacred Heart Medical University. I’d be happy to give. you a consultation if you ever feel unwell.”
“Impressive, Fiona praised absentmindedly. “You’ve raised her well, Wanda.” 
Wanda did not shy away from the compliment. “Oh, she’s quite an excellent student. The third son of the Yarwoods was a patient of hers, too.” 
Only then did Fiona regard Yvette and Wanda with amazement. “You mean she’s seen the elusive Mr. 
Yarwood?” 
Not even Fiona had seen Dalton in person despite all her years of service at the Quinnells‘ place. She had to respect her distant relatives for such an accomplishment. 
Yvette knew at once Fiona had misunderstood, but she did not try to explain. Taking Fiona’s hand, she said gently, “Yes, I met him once.” 
Fiona was delighted. “How splendid! You must come with me to meet Ms. Quinnell tomorrow.” 
“Yes, Aunt Fiona,” Yvette tried to refrain from sounding too excited.. 
Wanda was practically glowing with pride. “Ms. Young, do have a seat. We’ll talk over lunch.” 
If Wanda and Yvette felt guilty about lying before, they were completely basked in the glory that their lie had brought them now. 
After all, no one knew what had happened that day. 
During the afternoon tea the next day, Wanda spotted Lydia in the distance. All the ladies of leisure wanted to meet her, given she was a daughter of the Quinnell family. 
Wanda could hardly believe she had a chance to meet Lydia in person.
She was still reveling in the moment when her phone suddenly rang in her pocket.
###chapter181
Chapter 181 Where’s Your Photo? 
It was a call from the troll army. Judging by the incessant ringing, Wanda could only assume that it was 
something urgent. 
Wanda was just about to answer the call when Fiona looked up from the prawn she was eating and frowned at the former. 
Worried that she had offended Fiona, Wanda quickly silenced the call. “Cheers, Aunt Fiona.” 
Appeased, Fiona smiled and clinked glasses with Wanda. 
Meanwhile, Ivan was at his wits‘ end after failing to reach Wanda. The entire company was in chaos. 
“Mr. Yarbrough, our server’s been attacked!” 
“One of our accounts has been blocked!” 
One bad thing happened after another. 
It had taken a lot of time and money to build up those accounts. Now that they were gone, the company’s 
business was at stake. 
Ivan was close to hyperventilating. “Did you guys find out who’s behind this? Did we offend any hot and rising celebrities with our recent trolling?” 
“No, we can’t find anything.” 
means
Ivan thundered, “What do you can’t find anything?” 
“W–Whoever’s behind this is way too advanced to be working for an entertainment agency,” the ashen- faced programmer explained. 
“What, are you saying that we crossed a line with some mafia boss or something?” Ivan sputtered in 
disbelief. 
Yeah th 
wild. 
programmer answered lamely. A chill ran down his spine as he watched the background run. 
Ivan refused to take this for an answer and made to resolve the issue by himself. However, none of the computers would start. They were as good as defunct. 
He gritted his teeth. “Launch the storage accounts!” 
The programmer hesitated. “But those accounts have real IP addresses. If the police catch on to us… 
“We’ll only be using them for ten minutes tomorrow morning,” Ivan countered gravely. “I doubt the police will notice anything.” 
“But the police have been vigilant about these things,” the programmer argued. “Someone could link us to the suicide incident.” 
Ivan snarled, “It’s not our fault that woman couldn’t handle a little pressure! Listen up, people: We are not 
Chapter 18 Where’s Your Photo?
responsible for what our words do to others! 
“Launch those storage accounts tomorrow!” 
It was clear that certain people wouldn’t mind stooping low for the sake of money. 
After barking his orders, Ivan saw the live stream channel for Empathy Clinic. He then cursed, “This is giving me the creeps.” 
Presently, the moderator for Wynter’s live–stream channel was online and had reactivated her account. 
Following that, the moderator sent Wynter a series of texts. 
Mod007; “Someone maliciously reported your live stream channel.” 
“We’re looking into it now, but it could take a while.” 
“The higher-ups take this matter very seriously. Don’t worry, we’ll get to the bottom of this.” 
Wynter had only just gone online when she noticed the messages piling into her inbox. She glanced at the lit–up icon and typed, “As long as it’s been reactivated.” 
After all, she had done all the necessary investigation. 
Mod007 wrote, “No! As your moderator, I insist!” 
There was no emotion underlying Wynter’s reply. “In that case, could you break this encryption?” 
Mod007 replied, “Uh, I’m supposed to escalate all encryption–related matters.” 
Wynter raised a brow. “Can’t the moderators do it?”
The moderator wanted to tell her that he could decrypt others, but only his direct superiors could access 
the encrypted account in question. 
He had barely recovered from the shock of the news, which he had only gotten earlier that afternoon, 
Right now, only he and a handful of higher–ups knew that Wynter’s live–stream channel had been suspended. 
Mod007 replied apologetically, “Sorry.” 
Wynter laughed. “Forget it. It’s like having a high–maintenance pet.” 
“Who are you calling a pet?” Mod007 demanded. 
“Get back to work,” Wynter replied, “I’ll talk to him.” 
Mod007 texted, “Have fun.” 
After that, Wynter opened her conversation with Emperor VIP Sir Yarwood and typed, “My account was suspended. Where’s your photo?”
###chapter182
Chapter 182 Resend It 
Dalton did not set his phone down once throughout the party. 
It was hard for Fabian not to notice this, seeing as Dalton usually did not have his phone on his person. 
“You get some important business going on?” Fablan asked with a raised brow. 
Dalton smiled. “Not business. It’s a friend.” 
As he said this, he unlocked the screen. His gaze Immediately darkened, and he began to type. His normally placid expression flickered slightly. 
“I just sent it,” he replied as Emperor VIP Sir Yarwood. 
He got a reply instantly, which read, “I didn’t receive it. Maybe you sent it while my account was suspended and it was lost. Resend it.” 
*Resend it?” he thought. He rubbed the flat of his fingers against his phone and made no reply. 
He could still remember the frustration he had felt after sending the photo the first time. He glanced at the chessboard to the side, looking somewhat dazed. 
Fabian grew curious at the sight of this. Before he could ask Dalton what was wrong, he heard someone. say softly, “Grandpa, you didn’t tell me you’d be here!” 
It was Naomi. She was wearing a long, white dress that made her look like an angel. She feigned surprise when she entered the room and saw Dalton. “Oh, I didn’t expect you to be here too, Dale.” 
Dalton regarded her indifferently. Without responding to the nickname she had given him, he rose to his feet courteously. “Mr. Quinnell Senior, I’ve got to go handle a couple of things.”
Fabian didn’t stop him from leaving. “Very well, then. Remember what you promised me.” 
Neither of them bothered to elaborate on the said promise in Naomi’s presence. 
Naomi watched Dalton leave without acknowledging her. She bit her l*p dejectedly. “Grandpa, I don’t think Dale’s happy to see me.” 
“He’s never happy to see anyone,” Fabian countered dryly. 
However, Naomi looked so much like his long–lost granddaughter that he softened his tone. “Come here. Sit down and keep me company. Tell me, have you met Dr. Genius yet?” 
Naomi stiffened. 
“Yeah,” she muttered, sounding a little despondent. “But I don’t think she likes me very 
much.” 
Fabian frowned. “What do you mean?” 
Lowering her gaze, Naomi recounted, “Well, I brought her gifts the other day to see if she’d change her 
mind. 
Chapter 182 Resend It 
“She told me that she won’t waste her time on any of us, though it’s probably Aunt Fiona’s fault. 
“Aunt Fiona has already apologized to her, but Dr. Genlus is stubborn. I had no choice but to go back to 
the hotel after that.”
Fabian was skeptical when he heard this. “Doesn’t sound like something that young lady would do.” He added quietly, “Perhaps I’ll go see her personally some time later.” 
Naomi didn’t think Fabian would care so much about some lowly doctor. She knew that Fabian doted on her, and she had come close to bad m*uthing Wynter to him earlier. Thankfully, she didn’t. 
However, Naomi’s relief was entwined with jealousy. “You think so highly of Dr. Genius, Grandpa. didn’t praise me even though it’s been a while since we last met.” 
Yet, you 
“It can’t be helped that Dr. Genius is so likable!” Fabian guffawed. “You’re smart, Naomi, but you’ve got 
nothing on that young lady just yet. 
“You’ll see for yourself once you get to know her. Remember, Naomi, there’s always someone out there who’s better than you. 
“Don’t ever look down on those who come from less fortunate backgrounds. They’re the ones with real 
talent.” 
Even as her fingers dug into her palms, Naomi forced a smile and said, “I understand.” 
She figured there must be something wron with her grandfather if he was comparing her to: 
bumpkin. 
“No matter. That bumpkin is about to k*ss goodbye to her glorious reputation,” Naomi thought, comforting
herself.
###chapter183
Chapter 183 Let’s Meet in Person 
There were several parties behind the suspension of Wynter’s live–streaming channel, and given her intelligence, Wynter already knew who they were. 
However, one of the parties attacking her channel had vanished as soon as the damage was done. That party was none other than Ivan’s troll army. 
After hacking into the troll army’s system, Wynter did not back out. Instead, she planted a virus into the 
system’s server. 
While she was going through some boring statistics, Emperor VIP Sir Yarwood replied to her message. 
She clicked on the message, which read, “Your live–stream channel was suspended?” 
She texted back, “Yeah.” 
Dalton’s gaze darkened. He doubted Wynter was at fault for her channel’s suspension. As such, he 
recorded a voice note, “What happened?” 
Wynter was nonchalant. “It’s no big deal.” 
But Dalton thought differently. He screenshotted his conversation with Wynter and sent it to the 
administrator of the live–streaming platform. 
Startled by the message, the administrator immediately explained, “Mr. Yarwood, we’ve unsuspended this young lady’s live–streaming channel as quickly as we could.” 
“See to it that this doesn’t happen again,” Dalton warned with a cold gaze.
“Yes, of course. Don’t worry, Mr. Yarwood. This live–streamer has maintained good statistics thus far. 
“We had an internal discussion and determined that her content was fine. It’s a case of malicious 
reporting.” 
“Then get rid of the accounts behind those malicious reports,” Dalton bit out icily. 
The administrator wiped off the cold sweat beading on his forehead. “Right away!” 
Dalton dropped the matter after that. However, he requested a copy of the platform’s operational plan. 
This gesture terrified the higher–ups of the platform. Consequently; they told Mod007 that any issue with Empathy Clinic’s live–streaming channel must be resolved at first instance. 
Meanwhile, Wynter had no idea what Dalton had done for her. 
By the time she checked her messages again, she saw his text–what seemed like a message he had written after a lot of contemplation. 
Emperor VIP Sir Yarwood: “I won’t resend the picture. Let’s meet in person.” 
Wynter did not to the suggestion. “All right. When and where?” she texted back. 
Chapter 189 Lets Meet in Person 
I be there for the platform’s annual gala, he replied: 
She laughed. “The annual galo? So we’ll meet at Kingbourne in a month?” 
Emperor VIP Sir Yarwood: “Yes. It’s a neutral ground. Perfect for our first meeting.” 
Wynter raised! a brow. “Do you think that I’ll be able to make it into the top ten trending channels?”
“Yes. You’re that capable,” came his affirmation. 
She read the message, but before she could reply, he added, “Besides, as your guardian, I could help you win that player battle.” 
He had as good as told her that he would pay any figure for her to rank up. 
For some reason, Wynter’s fingers were stiff as she typed, “First you give me resources, and now you’re going to blow money on me? 
One might think that you want something from me.” 
“And what do you think I want from you?” Dalton asked. 
She smiled at his reply. “My potential for fame, of course.” 
Her live–stream channel was a good investment piece. The fact that Dalton recognized that meant he had foresight. 
He could make a good business partner if he could stop checking up on her. 
Emperor VIP Sir Yarwood responded with a “Hmm.” 
Wynter’s l*ps curled into a smile at his indifferent response, but she did not continue the conversation. 
Over at the top floor of the Chamber of Commerce, Dalton stood tall and straight in the dimness. His gaze was as inscrutable as it was dark. 
Meanwhile, the Yates were in a celebratory mood today. 
After seeing Fiona off, Wanda wasted no time in returning Ivan’s call.
Ivan was already at his wits end, but he couldn’t risk losing a client like Wanda. 
As such, he feigned nonchalance as usual as he asked, “Oh, it’s nothing. I just wanted to know if your adopted daughter is related to anyone important” 
“Her? Hah! Her parents are from Hávenlight County. I doubt they’d be considered important people.” Wanda snorted. “Don’t worry, she’s just a bumpkin.” 
Ivan let out a breath of relief when he heard this. He thanked the heavens that Wynter did not hail from 
some prestigious family. 
He figured that he must have been paranoid after his company’s system was hacked. 
“I see that the Empathy Clinic’s account is no longer suspended. Just as we predicted, Wynter asked the moderator for help. She can be so impatient,” Wanda drawled. 
Chapter 183 Let’s Meet in Person 
Ivan chuckled. “We’ll proceed according to the plan, Mrs. Yates. See you on the live–streaming channel tomorrow. When we’re done, Empathy Clinic will be yours.” 
Wanda was practically buzzing with excitement at the idea of it. She couldn’t wait to make Wynter suffer after having to put up with her antics for so long. 
It was a gilet and peaceful night at Waterview Alley. 
Nothing out of the ordinary happened, save for Margaret fussing over Wynter’s studies. The old lady had spent the evening nagging at Wynter to take her supplements and do some extra reading. 
The next day, Empathy Clinic went live at 9:30 am.
Wynter was still in the middle of setting up when viewers horded into her live–streaming channel. 
“Oh my gosh, the channel’s back! Did any of you guys wait a whole day and night for this like I did?” one of 
the viewers commented. 
“Notice me, please! Let’s do a live connection!” 
“I’ve been refreshing this page since 9:00 am! I was worried when the channel was suspended, but now my happy pill is back!” 
The live–streaming channel’s chat section was just getting lively when a comment overlaid the screen. 
A viewer named Better Tomorrow wrote, “Happy pill? I heard this quack doctor ended up killing one of her patients during treatment once.” 
The chat section suddenly fell silent. 
The allegation that Wynter had killed one of her patients during treatment was shocking. The viewers were so shocked to read this that some of them even shuddered. 
A viewer who went by the handle Hopeless Romantic asked, “What proof do you have?” 
Better Tomorrow retorted, “Proof? Aside from killing her patient, she also cheated on her school exams.. Anyone would know this with a little sleuthing!”
###chapter184
Chapter 184 Defeating the Troll Army 
Hopeless Romantic demanded in the comments, “Can the streamer explain what’s going on here?” 
Presently, Ivan was playing three different roles as he perched in front of his computer. He was determined to back Wynter into a corner this time. 
When Margaret saw the comments, she gripped onto the edge of the table and wished to defend Wynter. 
However, Wynter merely snorted and gazed directly into the camera. “We’ll be doing something a little different from our usual consultations today.” 
The viewer named Better Tomorrow commented, “Don’t change the subject! Explain yourself!” 
Wynter drawled, “Ivan Yarbrough?” 
At once, everyone in the troll army stopped typing. They looked at Ivan in horror. “Mr. Yarbrough, she just… 
Ivan had stiffened in his seat as well. He nearly came close to asking Wynter how she knew it was him. Wynter added with a smirk, “The only explanation I have today will only benefit the trolls. Did you trolls know that in severe cases of online slander, you could be sentenced to less than three years of imprisonment?” 
Better Tomorrow retorted, “Are you out of your mind? Why would we listen to a murderer citing the law to 
us?”
“I think you’re the one who’s out of your mind,” Wynter countered. “Need I remind you of Strawberry Cloud, Mr. Yarbrough? She was the streamer who took her own life a month ago after being cyberbullied.” 
The entire troll army blanched at the mention of the deceased streamer. However, Ivan argued stubbornly as Better Tomorrow, “How is it our fault that she cracked under pressure?” 
This was often the argument he presented, but he didn’t think it would be the crux of his downfall today. 
Wynter smiled. “So it is you, Mr. Yarbrough. I’m going to assume that the accounts you’re using now have: real IP addresses?” 
The other viewers on her live–streaming channel had no idea what she meant, but the trolls did. “Mr. Yarbrough, we have to cover our tracks now!” 
However, it was as if Wynter had a fly on the troll army’s wall. Her eyes widened slightly as she said, “It’s 
too late to run.” 
The moment those words left her l*ps, the troll army’s computer screens were put on lock. The equipment was running as usual, but the screens had frozen. 
One of the programmers cried, “Mr. Yarbrough, our data!” 
Ivan snarled, “Don’t just sit there gawking! Shut it down!” 
Chapter 184 Defeating the fron Army 
The programmers looked like they were close to breaking down. “It’s no use. Our data has been automatically transmitted to the police station just now.”
Ivan froze. “What?” 
Just then, there was a loud bang. In rushed a team of plain–clothed police officers. 
Blood drained from Ivan’s face as he quickly made to destroy evidence of his illicit activities. However, the police officers pinned him down before he could move. 
Just like that, the troll army was brought down.. 
Meanwhile, Wanda was completely oblivious to the fate that had befallen Ivan and his troll army. 
She stood at the entrance to Waterview Alley and threw a sharp look in a certain direction. After that, she slowly clicked into Wynter’s live–streaming channel. 
She wanted to watch the drama that would soon unfold. 
Naturally, everyone on the live–streaming channel waited for Wynter to explain. Their curiosity grew even more after the viewer named Better Tomorrow had stopped commenting. 
“What does any of this have to do with Strawberry Cloud’s suicide?” one of the viewers asked on behalf of 
the rest. 
Wynter was just about to answer when a devastated wail rang through the room. “That’s her, everyone! She’s the live–streamer who put my grandson in a comal” 
Wynter’s camera was still on. The viewers could see everything that was happening on her end. They 
the scene to grab Wynter’s arm. watched as a middle–aged lady rushed int
“You! You will pay for what you did to my grandson!” the lady shrieked at Wynter. 
The viewers immediately burst into an uproar. One comment read, “No way, did she really kill one of her patients?” 
The middle–aged lady was relentless. “My grandson would’ve been fine if he hadn’t taken the medicine you prescribed him! You’re a quack!” 
“Grandson?” Wynter thought as she raised a brow to survey the lady’s face with a dark gaze. 
She did not remember treating anybody’s grandson. 
Two uniformed officers who had tagged along with the middle–aged lady glowered at Wynter. “You’ll have to come with us to the station.”
###chapter185
Chapter 185 Offending the Secretary–General 
Wynter glanced at the uniformed officers and Instantly realized that something was amiss. As far as standard procedures were concerned, the officers should have made some inquiries first. 
Instead, they had demanded that she leave with them immediately. 
Much like the middle–aged lady, these officers had a vendetta against Wynter. 
“Officers, we’ve never prescribed anyone any medication. The live–streaming channel has all the records we need to prove this!” Margaret argued anxiously as she shielded Wynter. 
One of the officers growled impatiently, “Don’t touch me. If you get in the way of our investigation, then 
we’re taking you with us! 
“Who gave you two the right to prescribe treatments through live–streaming?” 
I 
The verdict was out before Wynter or Margaret could even plead their case. If things went badly, the Empathy Clinic would be done for. 
Wynter gave Margaret a look to silently comfort her. She then turned to the officers and said, “Officers, I’m going to need to see your badges and body cameras.” 
The officers froze. Most people would have balked at the sight of their uniforms. They certainly wouldn’t dare to ask to see the officers‘ badges. 
One of the officers snorted. “Why should we show our badges to an insignificant streamer like you?”
Wynter pointed out in amusement, “Civilians have a right to verify an officer’s ID during an investigation. Also, officers on duty are obligated to show their badges at the civilian’s request. 
“Your body cameras should be turned on throughout the investigation too. You know these are basics, 
right?” 
The live–streaming channel was silent for two seconds. After that, the comments flooded in. 
“She’s awesome! I can’t believe she talked back to the police officers!” 
“I don’t think they’re real cops. They don’t have serial numbers.” 
“She’s right about the body cameras, though. Those cops are shady!” 
“I don’t have to go anywhere with you if you refuse to turn on your body cameras,” Wynter added bluntly. 
The two officers exchanged a look and clenched their fists. The person who had hired them failed to mention how difficult Wynter would be or that she was well–versed with the law. 
The viewers‘ skepticism was starting to show through the comments. Wanda panicked at the sight of this and very nearly barged into Wynter’s house to finish the job herself. 
Fortunately for Wanda, the middle–aged lady was quite the splendid actress. She plopped down onto the floor and wailed, “My poor grandson! This streamer thinks she can bully poor folks like us just because 
She has money! 
Officers; you must bring justice to my grandson
The officers Went along with the lady’s act and grabbed Wynter’s arm. “See what you did to ruin an innocent person’s life? Save your arguments for the interrogations later, missy!” 
Officers, take me if you must! My granddaughter never prescribed anything to anyone!” Margaret pleaded. In her panic, she accidentally bumped into the phone. 
ff 100. 
The live–streaming channel suddenly went black. The audio had been cut off 
The administrator of the live–streaming platform was frantic as he called his assistant. 
Dalton was currently on a private jet bound for Griswald and could not be reached. The administrator couldn’t let anything happen to Wynter. 
If he did, he wouldn’t be able to explain himself to Dalton once the latter arrived in Griswald. 
While the administrator was panicking, everyone at Harmony Community was outraged. 
Most of the viewers who were watching Wynter’s livestream were leaders and professionals. 
Zach wanted nothing more than to go down to the police station and demand an explanation. 
However, Jackson stopped him. “Calm down. Domie’s escorting someone over for a consultation. I’m sure everything will be fine.” 
Dom was indeed escorting someone over to Wynter’s place for consultation. That someone was none other than Lucas Keller, the Secretary–General who had just transferred to Southdale. 
Lucas hadn’t been officially sworn in yet. He had heard from the leaders about Wynter and the help she had given to Southdale’s residents.
In an attempt to get to know her better, he decided to dress in plain clothes today. 
However, Lucas and Dom felt like they had stumbled upon a crime scene when they arrived at Wynter’s 
house. 
Dom immediately snapped, “What’s with all the ruckus? Who are you people?”
###chapter186
Chapter 186 Oblivious Officers 
As Dom said this, he hurried up to the house and helped Margaret steady herself. 
However, he kept his eyes on Wynter as he asked, “A–Are you all right, Dr. Genius?” 
Dom had no idea what a bunch of riff–raff was doing at Wynter’s house. His leaders would kill him if Wynter was hurt, especially since she was in his care. 
His throat went dry as he tried to come up with an explanation for when he returned later. 
Wynter shook her head, her delicate features revealing nothing as she said, “These two men claim to be officers on duty.” 
Dom glowered at the two uniformed men. “Officers? Where are your collar numbers then?” 
Neither of the uniformed men was intimidated by Dom, who was stout and had shown up riding a humble motorbike. 
One of them sneered, “This isn’t the place or time for bravado, little man. Move!” 
In all his years of working, this was the first time Dom had been condescended to. “What did you just call me?” 
“Didn’t you hear me?” The officer who had spoken earlier raised his stun baton and snarled viciously, “Move or I’ll show you what happens to people who obstruct an officer on duty!” 
Lucas frowned at the officer’s threat. “Which precinct are you two from? Is this the way you carry out your formal duties?” 
“We don’t have to tell you anything!” one of the men retorted.
The two men were used to being domineering. They couldn’t care less about any powerless civilian. “Now, move before we take all of you down to the police station!” 
Dom’s blood boiled when he heard this. “I’d like to see which of you two idiots would dare 
to touch us!” 
“That’s it, little man. You’re coming with us!” One of the officers grew angry and made to 
punch Dom. 
Suddenly, there was a loud thud. With a smooth high–kick, Wynter had managed to send the officer flying across the alleyway. 
Her indifferent gaze seemed to imply that she had only refrained from using violence because she hadn’t felt like it. 
Chapter 186 Oblivious Officers 
The remaining officer’s hand was trembling as he clutched his stun baton and called for help. 
“Requesting for back–up at $1, Waterview Alley! An officer’s been assaulted. i repeat, an officer’s been assaulted!” he cried into the phone. 
Things were getting out of hand now that the real police were alerted. 
Dom was unruffled. “Don’t worry, Dr. Genius. Once those officers get here, my friend here will teach them a lesson!” 
Lucas could tell what the issue was right away. “There’s something wrong here,” he concluded, his tone gentle but firm.
“There is. I wasn’t planning on kicking him because I didn’t want to be blamed for assaulting a police officer. But I can’t let them hurt the both of you, either,” Wynter explained. 
She knew from a glance that Lucas was not the simple civilian he portrayed himself to be. She went on to say, “I’ll go with the police officers later. Could you please stay here with my grandma, Mr. Fisher?” 
Dom’s eyes 
widened. “My friend and I won’t allow them to take you away for questioning.” Unfortunately, being too high up on the social food chain had its disadvantages. 
None of the officers who showed up to bring Wynter in for questioning recognized Dom. They had never so much as heard of Lucas, who had yet to be sworn in as the new Secretary- 
General. 
The police ended up bringing everyone at the scene into the Ravenwood police precinct for questioning. 
That said, they left Margaret untouched after considering her old age. 
Wanda had plotted this right from the beginning. She did not use her family’s connections, either. It was a simple task she could accomplish on her own. 
The captain of the Ravewood police precinct would, of course, be fair in his judgment. 
Dom’s suit had creased under the police officers‘ rough manhandling. He snapped at them, This is against the law!” 
None of the officers paid him any mind as they handcuffed him.
###chapter187
Chapter 187 Foul Play 
nd had a military 
Lucas, on the other hand, behaved differently. The man was below 40 background. His whole purpose here at Southdale was to train and gain experience. 
However, being arrested had not been on his list of goals to achieve here. He didn’t panic, though. Instead, he saw this as an opportunity to learn more about the inner workings of Southdale. 
As such, he stayed quiet throughout the ordeal. 
It was precisely because of his powerful position that he could be so calm. 
That said, Lucas was surprised to see the young lady next to him be so unbothered. She appeared to be completely unfazed by what had just happened. 
She said to the officers, “I’ll go with you, officers.” 
Wynter was even smiling radiantly. However, her tone was venomous as she added, “But you’ll have to bring her in as well.” 
With that, Wynter nodded in the direction of the middle–aged lady who was trying to sneak 
away. 
The officers present exchanged a confused look. They silently asked each other if they had been ordered to arrest the middle–aged lady as well. 
Wynter saw their hesitation and bit down on her candy. Her dark hair cascaded over one shoulder as she drawled, “What, you guys get to pick and choose who you bring in for questioning?
“There are 100 thousand viewers on my livestream watching this, you know.” 
That was a lie. The livestream had ended a while ago and none of the viewers knew what was happening now. 
Still, the lie worked. 
Now that the officers knew they were being watched, they couldn’t make their ruse too obvious. Some acting was necessary at this point. 
The leading officer waved a hand and said, “Round them all up!” 
The middle–aged lady gaped at the officers. This was not what they had agreed to. She certainly didn’t agree to being brought into the police station. 
Chapter 187 Foul Play 
“Uh, officers, are you sure about this? We’re…” 
She looked at them intently, hoping she could make them understand that she 
side. 
on their 
However, none of the officers heeded the look she gave them. They had to show they were being fair and just. 
As a result, the middle–aged lady was shoved into the car along with Wynter and the others. Margaret was beside herself with panic. She clutched Wynter’s hand and refused to let go. Wynter reassured her, “Don’t worry, Grandma. Wolf will be back soon to keep you company. Get some rest and eat something.
“Don’t worry 
about the live–streaming channel, either. I’m just helping the police with their investigation, and I’ll be back after that. 
“If anyone comes up to you and blackmails you, ignore them. Don’t entertain them even if they use me as leverage, all right?” 
She tucked a strand of gray hair behind Margaret’s ear. “I’ll be fine, Grandma. I’m strong.” 
Margaret knew Wynter could take care of herself, but she was still worried. After all, Wynter was being taken to a police station for questioning. 
To his credit, the leading officer comforted Margaret, “Don’t worry, ma’am. We’re not the type to fault the innocent and let the wrongdoers go unpunished. 
“We’ll let your granddaughter go once she’s been cleared of any wrongdoing.” 
He had to put on the good cop act now that he knew 100 thousand people were watching. 
If the precinct captain hadn’t assigned him to do this, he would never have agreed to it. 
Wanda, who hovered out of sight by the entrance of Waterview Alley, had no idea what was going on. When she saw Wynter and the others leaving in police cruisers, she grinned triumphantly. 
“Damn brat. That’s what happens when you mess with me! Let’s see how you’ll fare in prison!” she hissed under her breath. 
She was in no hurry to reveal herself. It was much more satisfying playing the mastermind, at least for now.
Granted, more people had been arrested than Wanda initially planned. However, it wouldn’t affect the grand scheme of things. 
Chapter 187 Foul Play 
Wanda thought the others who had been arrested were likely piss–poor, bumpkin relatives of Wynter’s. 
Wanda had seen those two men earlier show up on a motorbike, which was embarrassing. She wondered where they even got the nerve to raise their voices. 
As for Ivan, Wanda had yet to get in touch with him. 
If they went according to his plan, then they would both have to start taking precautions once the accounts were launched. 
Wanda doubted precautions were in order now. She called up a familiar number after the police cruisers left. 
“Hello, Captain Weissman? It’s me again… Yes, your men have taken them in for 
questioning. I’d appreciate your continued cooperation during the interrogation later…”
###chapter188
Chapter 188 Unfair Interrogation 
“Yes, I remember. This stays betu back to work now. Goodbye!” 
1. us. No one else will know. All right, I’ll let 
you get 
Wanda chuckled as she hung up and happily left for Yates Corporation, her bag swinging from her arm. 
Ewan found the details of Wynter’s arrest rather shocking. “I can’t believe her lowly relatives would have the nerve to assault the cops!” 
“I thought it was bold of them too,” Wanda agreed, snorting. “But I suppose we can’t expect philistines to know the law.” 
She had nothing to worry about now. Once she was through with her plans, Wynter might even end up behind bars. 
Wanda initially planned on making life hard for Wynter. However, things turned out even better than planned. Wynter could be locked up for good. 
Ewan mused after a long pause, “Tell Gerald to go easy on her. Leaving a mark on her record after the interrogation will do. We’re only after her live–streaming channel, after all.” 
“Whether or not Gerald goes easy on her will be entirely dependent on her attitude,” Wanda pointed out. She took a sip of her tea and reveled in her success. 
Ewan and Wanda couldn’t care less that what they did might ruin Wynter’s life. They just wanted to reap whatever profits they could from the live–streaming channel.
Half a year in prison and a record to show for it was bad enough. If Wynter missed her university entrance exams altogether, then her life would be over. 
Meanwhile, Dom said as soon as he arrived at the Ravenwood police precinct, “Excuse me, officer, may I speak to your captain?” 
He was polite but firm. 
However, the interrogator gave Dom a hard shove. 
“What does a bumpkin have to say to our captain? Sit down!” He spared no decorum as he pointed at Dom in warning. “I’d keep quiet if I were you.” 
Dom blinked after getting shoved by the interrogator. He gave the table a hard smack and demanded, “Is this the way you treat a civilian?” 
“Shut it!” The interrogator gestured toward the surveillance cameras. “You’re being 
Chapter Thit Untan Interrogation 
recorded right now, and you’d be wise not to strike another officer.” 
Dom nearly cussed in the interrogator’s face. 
Wynter interjected, “Excuse me, but what is your captain’s name?” 
“You can find it on the official site,” the interrogator replied. He was nicer to her 
considering she was a streamer. 
Hearing this, Wynter said to Dom, “We can check the captain’s name after. You’re not from around here, so these people might not know you.
“It’s best that we stay calm until this is over. I don’t want you to get hurt.” 
Dom was touched by her concern for him. He was also impressed with her composure. 
He then shot a glare at the officers around them. Clenching his fists, he said quietly to Wynter, “I’ll be fine, Dr. Genius. I just need to make sure you’re safe. 
“Jackson made it clear that he’ll have my head if you get hurt under my watch!” 
The interrogator sneered at their conversation. “All right, enough with the drama. Are you guys delusional or something? 
“Now, I want each of you to tell me your name, age, ID number, and your place of residence. “Also, what is the relationship between the three of you? Why did you help her attack an officer on duty?” 
The last question was directed at Dom, who flew into a rage again. “Is this how statement? You might as well have given us your verdict!” 
you 
take a 
The interrogator struck the table with his palm. He raised his fist like he was going to punch Dom. “Answer my questions, old man! None of your funny business!” 
Frustration welled up in Dom. He never expected Southdale to be home to such unreasonable officers. To think, this was a place where civilians sought justice! 
Wynter clutched Dom’s wrist as she said to the officer, “I took a look at the surveillance cameras you pointed out to us earlier. None of them have been switched on.”
The interrogator stiffened. 
“If I were you, I’d think about whether this interrogation is carried out in line with the law,” Wynter added slowly.
###chapter189
Chapter 189 Improper Interrogation 
Wynter added, “Also, coercing us into confessing is a crime punishable by Imprisonment up to three years.” 
The interrogator’s gaze snapped up to Wynter’s. 
Wynter sounded bored as she pointed out, “I suggest you tread more carefully.” 
“You know the law?” the interrogator asked, surprised. 
Staring at the interrogator, Wynter said, “Normally, a statement is given in the presence of two police officers. One will ask the questions, and the other will record the statement. 
“And yet, you’re the only one here. What if something happened to us? What will you do then?” 
Her lulling voice and her words packed quite some persuasion. 
The interrogator hesitated. 
He had already been briefed about the case when he got here. The suspects were brought in by two so–called “officers” whose body cameras were turned off during the arrest. 
This was a clear violation of the rules, but one of those officers happened to be Adam Weissman’s distant relative. 
The interrogator knew Wynter was right. He would be held responsible if something happened to her and her accomplice during the interrogation. 
The interrogator was at a loss when Wynter showed him a way out. “If I were you, I’d get that middle– aged lady’s statement first.
“She said my prescription put her grandson in a coma, but I’ve never prescribed anything through my live–streaming channel. 
“You can verify that by playing back all my live streams on the platform.” 
Wynter smirked. “I’ll be hiring a lawyer to represent me after this. I wonder what he’ll discover once he looks into the circumstances surrounding this case.‘ 
She drawled, “But you and I both know this case is a little too delicate to be probed into. It’s best if you back out before then, no?” 
At that moment, it was as if Wynter and the interrogator had switched roles. 
The latter stiffened as he considered his options. He set his pen down and barked, “Don’t go 
Chapter 189 Improper interrogation 
anywhere!” 
Following that, the interrogator left and slammed the door shut behind hi Wynter chuckled at this, her face radiant as ever. 
a bang. 
Next to her, Lucas smiled. “No wonder the old man kept raving about Dr. Genius whenever he dropped by Kingbourne. 
“Now that I’ve met you in person, I must say I’m impressed.” 
“Thank you, but I’m not that good,” Wynter replied modestly. “I’m just glad neither you nor Mr. Fisher got hurt.”
Dom was furious. “Those officers are unbelievable! Mr. Keller, you must deal with them accordingly after you’ve been sworn in as secretary! This is an outrage!” 
“Sworn in as secretary?” Wynter thought, considering the implication of these words. 
Most secretaries did not carry themselves the same way as Lucas did. Wynter had heard that Southdale would be run by a new official soon. 
She reckoned Lucas was the official in question. 
Wynter at once knew who Lucas was, but she revealed nothing. 
Lucas saw this and grew even more impressed with her. 
“You know, Dom, you’re not half as composed as Dr. Genius here,” he pointed out. 
His elegance and confidence somehow belied his powerful position. He addressed Wynter with a question, “Did you read law at some point, Dr. Genius?” 
Surprised to hear this, Dom turned to look at Wynter inquisitively. 
Wynter did not elaborate much and only offered a smile. “I dabbled in it once.” 
“I thought you were a medical student!” Dom said, perplexed. 
“The two disciplines aren’t mutually exclusive,” Wynter answered casually. 
Dom blinked and tried to make sense of her statement. 
However, Lucas burst into laughter. “The old man was right! Southdale might not be big, but it certainly has enough room for a genius!”
He was pleasantly surprised by the young lady. He had also figured out the best way to run Southdale. 
A bitter chuckle escaped Dom. “Mr. Keller, someone’s trying to frame Dr. Genius.” 
Chapter 189 Improper Interrogation 
Lucas‘ gaze darkened at this. “We’ll get to the bottom of this. My driver’s probably at the City Bureau right now.”
###chapter190
Chapter 190 Outrage 
Meanwhile, everyone inside the City Bureau’s office was waiting eagerly to meet the new Secretary– General. 
Aside from his extraordinary position, the man also bore the Keller’s name. Anyone who had been in the industry for long enough would know what this meant. 
All the departments had gathered in the office. They could get this meet–and–greet started as soon as the big man arrived. 
Even the boulevard that led up to the City Bureau had been swept spotless today. 
Everyone peered through the windows while waiting, but they did not spot any approaching vehicles. 
However, Otis Buchanan, the deputy mayor, was patient. He instead busied himself with swapping out tea bags in the thermos flask with new ones. 
At last, a car approached. But it hurtled toward the City Bureau with a speed that was uncharacteristic of Lucas. 
Otis was still baffled when the driver bolted out of the Peugeot. He surveyed the crowd and asked urgently, “Which of you is Mr. Buchanan?” 
“I am. Is something wrong, sir?” Otis recognized him. “Are you Mr. Keller’s bodyguard?” 
Bodyguard aside, the man had served in the military. He was also Lucas‘ confidante. He might not look the part, but his gait was steady and his stance was firm. 
It would be unfortunate for him if he didn’t and couldn’t recognize Otis.
He had hidden himself among the crowd and stayed under the auxiliary officers‘ radar. 
“Where’s Mr. Keller?” Otis asked, chuckling. “He told me last night that he’d be visiting a friend. I couldn’t reach him on his phone. 
“Is he on his way? Or is he being held back?” 
The driver looked grim. “Mr. Buchanan, is anyone in the police force present?” 
“Ah, I’m afraid not. Captain Grayson is unavailable today,” Otis explained, still smiling. “Is there something that might require an officer’s attention?” 
The driver said aloud, “Mr. Keller has been taken away by the police for questioning.” 
At that moment, Otis‘ smile sl*pped. He stared at the driver in disbelief. “W–What? The 
Chapter 190 Outrage 
police did what?” 
“Some police officers arrested Mr. Keller,” the driver elaborated gravely. “. the Chamber of Commerce was also arrested. 
or from 
“The officers on duty didn’t turn on their body cameras. I’m worried they might resort to coercion during the interrogation.” 
Otis‘ blood ran cold when he heard the driver’s explanation. 
As for the others, their eyes were as wide as saucers. They couldn’t believe the new City Bureau Secretary had been arrested before he even made it the office.
No justice was at work here, only outrage. Lucas was assigned to Southdale to restructure it and help it flourish. And yet, he ran into trouble on his first day here. 
Otis thought he might collapse from the shock. He pressed a hand to his chest. His breath came up short as he said, “Get Jerome on the phone! Now!” 
Jerome Grayson was the chief commissioner of the police force. In other words, all the precincts answered to him. 
The regular officers might not know Otis, who was the deputy mayor. If he truly wanted to resolve this, he needed to pull strings with the right people. 
More importantly, this was a matter under Jerome’s purview to begin with. 
Lucas and Dom were formidable characters. Granted, the latter was not quite a force as the former, but he answered to Jackson. 
Otis had half the mind to fire Jerome. He couldn’t believe Jerome would allow his officers to do something so outrageous. 
Otis‘ phone rang before anyone could reach Jerome. He glanced at the caller ID and shuddered. He was reluctant to answer it, but he did anyway. 
“Hello, Mr. Munn Senior,” he greeted politely. 
He had never heard Jackson so angry before. 
Jackson growled, “Otis, I swear if anything happens to that young lady who was taken in for questioning…” 
Otis wiped the sweat off his forehead. “Mr. Munn Senior, who might that young lady be?”
“I might have retired, Otis,” Jackson ground out like he was offering Otis an intimidating deal. “But I’m still famous enough to go to Kingbourne and have someone keep an eye on you.” 
Chapter 190 Outrage 
Otis‘ hand trembled. “N–No, Mr. Munn Senior. Once I see Jerome, I… We’ll go and apologize to the young lady together!” 
He silently cursed the officers‘ ineptitude. Their ignorance would be the death of Otis. He wondered where they got the audacity to pull something like this.
###chapter191
Chapter 191 False Statement 
As it turned out, the Ravenwood police precinct did have the audacity to pull dirty tricks. 
Granted, they dared not take things too far. With a trivial case like Wynter’s, it was easy money for the officers. 
It was no surprise that an older officer came in after the interrogator left. 
The officer, who looked like a sleaze, paid no mind to Dom and Lucas. 
He addressed Wynter directly, “Even streamers aren’t above the law, you know. I’ve certainly never heard of legitimate doctors giving medical advice through live–streaming. 
“The Shepherds are famous in the Southdale medical industry, but I don’t see them commercializing their skills at the expense of human lives!” 
Wynter’s icy gaze snapped up to the officer’s face. “Top–tier hospitals such as the ones owned by the military have long since given medical advice and consultation through live- streaming. 
“The doctors who preside over the live–streaming are specialists too. The whole point of doing this is to make healthcare accessible for everyone and lower their travel costs. 
“The reason why the Shepherds refuse to set up a live–streaming channel is because they know they’re not good enough.” 
She maintained her composure as she surveyed the officer’s face. “I have the necessary documentation to give out medical advice through live–streaming.
“I’m qualified in modern and traditional medicine, which makes me legitimate. The only thing that’s illegitimate here is your grounds for arresting us.” 
The officer scoffed. “Quite the talker, huh?” 
He ignored Wynter and led in the middle–aged woman who had interrupted Wynter’s live- streaming earlier. 
He asked the middle–aged woman “Is this the young lady who gave your grandson the wrong prescription?” 
At that moment, the officer deliberately switched on the surveillance cameras. 
The middle–aged woman immediately replied, “It’s her, officer! You have no idea how cruel she is. 
Chapter 191 False Statement 
“My grandson was down with the flu, but his condition got worse after taking the medicine she prescribed. He’s been comatose since.” 
“Right, I’ve got the answer I need.” The officer pulled out an affidavit that had been 
prepared in advance. “Sign here and you may leave after that.” 
The whole process left Dom furious. Even Lucas had gone livid. “You’re fabricating a witness statement!” 
This whole ordeal was rotten to the core.
With a signed affidavit, Wynter could be deemed medically negligent. It would also imply that Dom and Lucas had assaulted officers who were on duty. 
“Shut up!” The officer’s palm struck the table as he shot Lucas a warning look. “Nobody asked for your opinion!” 
Lucas willed himself to calm down. There was no point in retorting at this juncture, no matter how satisfying it might be. 
The officer couldn’t care less about what Lucas thought. He turned and left the room to 
retrieve a second affidavit. 
After he was out of the interrogation room, he said to his co–worker, “You should’ve been more efficient. 
You need to work faster if you want to get Captain Weissman the statements he asked for. Keep that in mind, all right?” 
The co–worker was none other than the interrogator from earlier. 
He had done as Wynter asked and looked into the circumstances of the arrest. 
Not only were the circumstances suspicious, but the middle–aged woman who had gone into the room just now also had a criminal record. She was paid to play the victim. 
However, the interrogator couldn’t tell Wynter any of this. He poured a glass of water and 
went into the room.
“Listen to me, young lady. Stop being stubborn,” the interrogator said quietly. “Things aren’t as simple as you think. If your family has any connections at all, give them a call. You could get out on bail if you’re lucky.” 
Dom snapped angrily, “Why should we ask for bail when we’ve done nothing wrong?” 
“Nothing wrong?” The older officer had returned and was pointing at the auxiliary officer outside. “You roughed up my colleague, and yet you claim you’ve done nothing wrong?” 
Chapter 191 False Statement 
“I was the one who beat him up, not these two,” Wynter countered. 
The officer didn’t even bother looking up at her. “Then do as Levi suggests and call your family. We’re just doing our jobs.” 
The implication behind his words was clear.
###chapter192
Chapter 102 The Secretary General 
Chapter 192 The Secretary–General 
Lucas asked grimly, “Are you suggesting that we bribe our way out of this?” 
He knew Southdale had its problems, but he didn’t think these officers would have the nerve to ask for bribes outright. 
He thought about his phone call with Otis from yesterday where the latter said Southdale had been rid of corruption. 
Lucas clenched his fist. At this point, he would have to personally verify the truth of that 
statement. 
The officer drawled, “I see no point in continuing this interrogation. How dare you accuse public officers of soliciting bribes?” 
He set his pen down and stared at the three of them evenly. 
The three of them made it difficult for the officer to tackle a confession out of them. An idea 
crossed his mind as his gaze landed on Wynter. 
He would have to coerce a confession out of her. He doubted a young lady like her could endure their grueling interrogation methods. 
“Bring the other two away!” he ordered.
The moment Dom heard this, he understood what the officer’s intentions were. The officer wanted to interrogate Wynter alone and force a confession out of her. 
“Don’t you dare touch us!” Dom yelled as he rose to his feet. 
However, Dom was knocked backward when the officer landed a punch on his chest. “Clam it, old man! This is a police station, not some run–down village! 
“You’d better start cooperating if you want to make it out of this room!” 
Wynter had not seen that punch coming. She was too far away to block it from hitting Dom. Now, she cast the officer a dark look. 
Dom had never experienced getting punched like that. He coughed as a dull ache spread through his chest. 
Wynter’s eyes gleamed wickedly. She moved too quickly for anyone to notice. 
In a flash, she materialized before the officer with a vicious look on her face. 
The officer nearly shrunk back in fear. “Touch me and I’ll put you behind bars for good!” 
Chapter 192 The Secretary General 
Dom silently pleaded for Wynter to stay calm. He was still out of breath, but he knew he had to stop Wynter before she was overcome with violence. 
“Dr. Genius,” he rasped. “I’m fine. I can bounce back, no problem.” 
In truth, the punch earlier had left Dom in a stupor. He thought his identity in Southdale was enough to keep the police officers in check.
Unfortunately, none of the officers recognized him; he was too high up on the social 
pyramid. 
He wondered why the City Bureau hadn’t made a move yet. It shouldn’t take this long to 
make a phone call. 
He also contemplated the possibility that Otis was delaying help on purpose, 
At the thought of this, Dom looked at Lucas. “Mr. Keller, we have to get out of here.” If they didn’t, Wynter would end up bearing the brunt of this situation. 
Lucas‘ expression was grave as he kept his gaze on the interrogator who had barged in. “I was in the military and I was an officer with merit. I want to speak to Jerome Grayson,” he 
bit out. 
The mention of Jerome stunned the officer and his co–workers. None of them expected 
Lucas to know Jerome. 
Meanwhile, Adam Weissman could no longer ignore the chaos brewing in the Ravenwood police precinct. 
Reluctant to leave the woman with whom he’d slept, he disgruntledly got out of bed. 
He was upset that the Yates‘ dirty work was more trouble than it was worth. Wanda had told him that the live–streaming young lady was merely a bumpkin. 
“Haven’t they confessed yet?” Adam demanded of the interrogator before going into the
room. 
The interrogator answered in hushed tones, “Captain Weissman, one of them knows Chief Commissioner Grayson.” 
“Oh, please, he’s just bluffing you. Do you think I wouldn’t know anyone who is acquainted with the Chief Commissioner?” Adam was unconvinced, and he was still dazed from the amorous affair he’d had before coming over here. 
His phone had been ringing incessantly in the office. About twenty calls had come in, but Adam did not answer any of them before entering the interrogation room. 
Chapter 192 The Secretary–General 
He asked Lucas gruffly, “You wanted to see Jerome ?” His features twisted with malice, “1 don’t care who you are. You’re in Southdale now, and you have to play by our rules.” 
Lucas sneered. “Having a police captain admonishing me on my first day as the City Bureau’s Secretary–General. I wonder what the deputy mayor will think of that.” 
“You’re the Secretary–General?” Adam barked a laugh. “Don’t be…” 
However, before he could say the word “ridiculous“, he was cut off by a loud bang.
###chapter193
Chapter 193 Instant Regret 
The door to the interrogation room was kicked open. 
Jerome was belligerent. He had been shaking since receiving Otis‘ phone call. 
He never thought anyone would be foolish enough to arrest the new Secretary–General. As if that wasn’t bad enough, the fools also accused the Secretary–General of assaulting an officer on duty. 
Unfortunately for Jerome, those fools were none other than his subordinates. 
At this point, he doubted he could be Chief Commissioner of the police force for much longer. 
On his way to the Ravenwood police precinct, Jerome prayed that Adam had enough sense to restrain himself during the interrogation. 
Jerome made dozens of calls to Adam, but the latter did not pick up. 
Jerome wished his car could go faster. In the end, he arrived at the police precinct too late. 
He knew the end was near when he got to the interrogation room. 
Next to Jerome, Otis looked stormy as he assessed the situation before him. It was clear to see that Adam and his co–workers were trying to force a confession out of the arrestees. 
When Otis saw Dom pressing the front of his chest, his blood boiled. 
“Adam!” Otis barked. He wanted nothing more than to rid Southdale of Adam right now. 
Adam was still glowering at Wynter and the others when Otis called out to him.
He didn’t bother to look at Otis as he snapped, “Anyone who isn’t part of this case, get out! You’re obstructing official business!” 
Having gotten used to being in charge, Adam never looked at a person before speaking to 
them. 
When he finally bothered to turn around, he froze. “M–Mr. Grayson? M–Mr. Buch…” 
He was so stunned he couldn’t even address Otis properly. He had no idea what the deputy mayor was doing at a small, local precinct such as Ravenwood’s. 
Adam felt his knees go weak. However, basic manners demanded that he regain his 
composure. 
Chapter 193 Instant Regret 
He flashed Otis and Jerome a smile as he made to greet them. 
Just then, an icy voice drawled behind him, “If Mr. Buchanan hadn’t shown up, I would have called the top brass and had them transfer a new Secretary–General to Southdale instead. 
Especially since Southdale is the kind of place where a police captain could teach me to play by the rules.” 
Adam trembled at these words. He nearly fainted. The color drained from his face as he gaped at the three arrestees whom he had condescended to earlier. 
He collapsed into the interrogator’s chair and stammered, “T–The three of you…”
Realizing now that the Secretary–General thing hadn’t been a lie, Adam panicked. He couldn’t believe he had been so disrespectful to a big shot like that. 
Even Otis felt a chill run down his spine. “Mr. Keller, I believe there’s been a misunderstanding.” 
He wanted to tell Lucas how he had wanted to teleport over as soon as he got the news. He 
wouldn’t have dared to dawdle. 
Lucas countered calmly, “Misunderstanding? Would you care to enlighten me on what I’ve misunderstood, Mr. Buchanan? \ 
That I just got accused of lying about my identity, or that a confession was almost forced out of this young lady?” 
The latter part made Otis recall his phone conversation with Jackson earlier. 
He immediately glanced at the long–haired young lady next to Dom. 
His stomach turned leaden at once. 
While he was at the Chamber of Commerce, he’d been invited to dine with the head of the Yates family before the latter left. 
The young man who presided over the Yates family had told Otis that his lover was in 
Southdale. 
However, she was young and demure by nature. Worried that she might get picked on because of this, he had asked Otis to keep an eye on her.
Otis had only just received the young lady’s photo yesterday. Now, here she was in the flesh and being questioned by the police. 
To make matters worse, she nearly had a criminal record to her name! 
Chapter 193 Instant Regret 
Otis couldn’t hold back his anger anymore as he kicked Adam. He did not bother with decorum as he snapped at the police captain, “You useless fool!” 
Adam’s arrogance was now replaced by fear and cowardice as he explained, “Mr. Buchanan, Mr. Grayson, I didn’t mean for things to get this far. I didn’t know he was the…”
###chapter194
Chapter 194 No Way Out 
Otis was usually affable, but even he was outraged by what Adam had done. “Regardless of who he is, you shouldn’t be arresting anyone without proper grounds!” 
Adam shamelessly turned to Jerome. “Mr. Grayson, you know I’ve always maintained my professionalism at work.” 
Jerome didn’t want to be associated with Adam at all. “That’s enough out of you, Adam! Officers, take him away!” 
Initially, Jerome planned on covering up as many scandals and bad track records as possible before Lucas‘ arrival. 
He’d even reminded every precinct under his command to do the same. He had been convinced that Lucas wouldn’t be able to find any dirt on his precincts if they covered their tracks well enough. 
More importantly, he didn’t want to get on Lucas‘ bad side. 
However, what Adam just did gave Lucas enough reason to look into the precincts‘ past 
activities. 
Jerome would be wise to keep Adam quiet. 
At Jerome’s command, the interrogators made to seize Adam. 
At that moment, Wynter spoke from where she stood in the center of the room. Her tone was soft, and she sounded nothing like a civilian who had just been arrested.
She even smiled as she said, “Hold on, Mr. Grayson. I’m the suspect here, and I think I have the right to decide how and when this case is closed.” 
Wynter wouldn’t let these officers release her so quickly, not when they had wrongfully arrested her. She refused to let them get away with this that easily. 
She had always believed in retribution. 
Wynter never planned on brushing off this incident. After all, these officers had accused her of wrongdoing and tried to set her up. 
That said, she’d been surprised when Dom and his friend showed up when the arrest took place. 
Taking revenge on these officers was as easy as shooting fish in a barrel. There was no way Wynter would let this chance slide, especially not after all the plotting she’d done. 
Chapter 194 No Way Out 
Looking at Jerome, she said slowly, “I’d like to hear what Captain Weissman has to say,” 
Jerome’s heart dropped to his stomach when he heard this. 
It was only then that he properly looked at Wynter. She was beautiful, with skin like double cream and dazzling eyes. It was hard for anyone to not notice her looks right away, 
However, upon closer inspection, Jerome sensed that she was not a naive young lady, Despite Wynter’s age, there was a sharpness in her eyes that told him she missed nothing, 
In all his years of working cases, Jerome had never met any young person with Wynter’s calm presence and knowing gaze. 
Jerome had been eager to wrap this case up,
but now he feared that would not happen. 
Much to his dismay, Adam piped up hopefully like an idiot, “Mr. Grayson, the suspect wants to hear me out!“. 
Jerome gritted his teeth. He dared not give Adam any implicating looks, since Otis and Lucas were both staring at him. As such, he clenched his fists, 
However, Dom was bright enough to catch on. “Well, the captain does owe us an explanation as to why he arrested this young lady. 
She’s an excellent student who gives free medical consultations to the residents of Harmony Community.” 
Otis‘ blood ran cold at the mention of Harmony Community. 
He had heard about the youngster who was new to the community and adored by the leaders. 
Impressive medical skills aside, the youngster was also said to be extremely fair and level- 
headed. 
The leaders were known to have high standards, but they would laud the youngster with praise whenever her name came up in conversations. 
At this point, Otis was so angry he could combust on the spot. He pointed at Adam angrily and said, “You…” 
He came close to cussing at Adam.
Adam was still in a daze when Jerome came up with a plan to resolve this. “All right, Adam, go ahead and explain to us why you’ve arrested this young lady. 
Adam’s eyes lit up at this. All he had to do was say he’d mistaken Wynter for someone else. He would be let off the hook then. 
Chapter 194 No Way Out 
As if Wynter would allow that. She smiled and fixed her dark gaze on Jerome. “Mr. Grayson, I doubt there’s been a misunderstanding. I’m a streamer, after all, which makes me a public figure.” 
She paused and pointed at the middle–aged woman who was trying to sneak away. “Besides, the person who reported me to the cops is here as a witness.”
###chapter195
Chapter 195 Exposing the Crooks 
Chapter 195 Exposing the Crooks 
The middle–aged woman was shaking at this point. When she was hired to play the victim, she hadn’t been told that a deputy mayor or a Secretary–General would be involved. 
She might not be well–educated enough to understand what a deputy mayor or a Secretary- General did, but she was no fool. 
The two men who had come in earlier must be important if Adam nearly prostrated at the sight of them. 
As such, the middle–aged woman thought it was best to sneak out quietly while the others were bickering. 
However, Wynter was blocking the door. The middle–aged woman wasn’t sure if Wynter was doing this on purpose, but she shot the latter a dark look anyway. 
Wynter said with a smile, “Mr. Grayson, since the complainant is here with us, perhaps you could interrogate us alongside Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Keller.” 
Fear struck Jerome when he heard Wynter’s suggestion. His dirty secrets could be exposed if he were to carry out the interrogation with Otis and Lucas. 
Lucas glanced at Jerome frigidly. He then turned to Otis and asked, “What do you think, Mr. Buchanan?” 
He wanted to see how bad the corruption was in Southdale, and the answer depended on Otis
‘reaction. 
Otis the portrait of fairness and justice as he said, “We’ll interrogate them together!” 
On the contrary, Jerome smiled at Wynter as he placated her, “Don’t worry, young lady. I can handle the interrogation on my own. I’ll see to it that you get the justice you deserve. 
We ought to give Mr. Keller a break. It’s the man’s first day on the job and already he’s roped 
into this mess. 
“I’ll have them drop the charges against you. I won’t let these crooks get away with this!” 
“Mr. Grayson,” Wynter said slowly. “Mr. Keller happens to be one of the accused, though his charges are different from mine. 
“You might not know this, but 100 thousand viewers were watching my livestream at the time I was arrested. That’s 100 thousand people who think I killed one of my patients.” 
Wynter grabbed the middle–aged woman by her sleeve and made an upward tug. “According 
Chapter 195 Exposing the Crooks 
to this woman, her grandson ran a high fever after taking the medicine I prescribed.” 
She kept her voice clear and devoid of emotion as she said, “I asked to have her identity verified. I’m no expert, but I do have some online sleuthing skills. Captain Weissman, don’t you find her familiar?” 
Adam blanched. He had been so desperate for a chance to explain himself that he failed to realize Wynter was setting up a trap for him.
Wynter continued, “Helena Weissman, born in 1977. She was originally from Havenlight County but has no permanent address on record. 
“She also happens to be a well–known fraudster and a frequent visitor here at the precinct.” 
Her grin widened as she asked the middle–aged woman, “Ma’am, would you mind taking us to see your grandson? Where is he anyway?” 
With her identity exposed, Helena cried out, “Adam, help me! I’m your aunt!” 
She reached out to none other than Adam, a gesture that changed the nature of the entire 
case. 
Everyone present was perceptive enough to understand what was going on here. No elaboration was needed from Wynter for them to connect the dots. 
If Lucas thought the police were dirty before, he now shuddered at how dark this situation was turning out to be. 
“Adam!” Lucas ground out. “You abused your position to do something like this? You ought to die for allowing your fraudster of a relative to frame an innocent civilian!” 
Dom realized as well that this case went beyond harassment. It was pre–meditated, which meant someone was colluding with Adam to put Wynter behind bars. 
Dom dared not imagine what might have become of Wynter had he and Lucas not been here 
today. 
Wynter was young, and she had yet to take her university entrance exams.
She only set up a live–streaming channel to make ends meet so she could take care of 
Margaret. 
He concluded that these rascals who framed her were jealous of her success. They were so inhumane that they were no better than vermin. 
Dom looked at Adam, then at Jerome. “I’ll be reporting this to my superior. Mr. Keller will thoroughly investigate this case. He’ll also be looking into the entire system.” 
Exposing the Choks 
The shock that came from this statement was palpable. 
Adam wouldn’t be the only one suffering after this; Jerome was as good as dead too. 
One reaped what one had sown. It was unfortunate that Adam and Jerome took so long to understand this saying. 
Adam, in particular, wished he could kick himself for taking Wanda’s money in the first place. 
He secretly cursed Wanda for misinforming him. She had told him that Wynter came from a humble background, 
Meanwhile, Wanda was oblivious to everything that was happening at the Ravenwood police precinct. 
Seated inside Empathy Clinic, she said smugly to Margaret, “Think about it carefully, Mom. Is this live– streaming channel more important than your granddaughter?”
###chapter196
Chapter 196 Blackmall 
Margaret was getting anxious. 
It had been over three hours since the police took Wynter away. Margaret had no idea what was going on at the police station right now. 
She had tried pulling some strings, but even her connections told her that these matters were complicated. 
Wanda was clever in choosing the right time to see Margaret. She had deliberately shown up when Wolf wasn’t around. For some reason, the little boy irked her. 
Looking composed, Wanda held her phone up in front of Margaret and scrolled through the page she had opened. 
which 
“See all the backlash you and Wynter are receiving online, Mom? Wynter’s case will likely drag on for a while. After all, she assaulted an officer on duty.” 
She clicked into one of the comments. “I think this viewer said it best: ‘How dare a poor bumpkin who got 
famous through the internet assault an officer on duty? She deserves to be arrested and severely 
punished!“” 
Margaret had seen that comment and the many others that flooded her account–each of them was 
worse than the last.
She wasn’t worried about her reputation. Instead, she feared that her granddaughter’s life would be ruined 
after this. 
Wanda stared at Margaret. She suddenly grabbed her purse and made to leave. “Fine, don’t sign the transfer agreement. I wouldn’t waste my time, to help Wynter if the live–streaming channel wasn’t worth something.” 
“I won’t mind telling you that the Yates are the only ones in Southdale who would handle this matter.” 
She sneered arrogantly as she pointed out, “No one else would want to get caught up in a scandal this big. 
With that, she took the agreement and eyed Margaret snidely. “You could wait until the dust settles and Wynter goes to jail. By then, I wouldn’t help you even if you begged.” 
Margaret knew Wanda was taking advantage of their distress. However, Wynter’s future was at stake here. 
“Promise me,” Margaret demanded as she looked up at Wanda gravely. “That you will get Wynter out of there with a clean record. 
“If not, I will do whatever it takes to make you and your family pay!” 
Wanda laughed and said, “You know what the Yates family can do. Getting someone out of detention is a piece of cake.” 
This whole thing was a ruse between her and Adam. She could see to end the case however she liked.
“Give me the contract,” Margaret said quietly. If her shaking hands were any indication, agreeing to Wanda’s demands hurt her more than she would let on. 
Susan, who had been watching from the side, hurriedly stopped Margaret. “Don’t sign it, Mrs. Yates Senior! 
“You can’t sign over the live–streaming channel for a mere dollar! That’s daylight robbery!” 
One didn’t have to be internet–savvy to know how preposterous the agreement was. To offer a dollar for a live–streaming channel as famous as Empathy Clinic was underhanded. 
Susan was so angry she could have passed out. 
Wanda gave Susan a cursory glance. “You don’t get to have a say in our family affairs, Aunt Susan. Getting someone out of the police station is going to cost me too. 
“If you’re so noble, why don’t you call up your family and see if they could help?” 
“You…” Susan was fuming and wanted to slam the wooden bucket she was holding into Wanda’s head. 
Wanda was prim and proper as she fanned the scent that drifted past her nose. “Please don’t come near me, Aunt Susan. Mom, just sign the agreement already. I haven’t got the time to sit around here.” 
Margaret’s eyes were red as she gripped onto the pen. 
Susan interjected pleadingly, “Mrs. Yates Senior, think about this carefully. It was no easy feat setting up this live–streaming channel. 
“You and Wynter put in so much work for the channel to gain traction. If you sign it over to Wanda now, Wynter will be unhappy even if she were released.”
“Wynter has university entrance exams coming up,” Margaret said hoarsely. “She can’t have a criminal case against her…”
###chapter197
Chapter 197 Retribution 
Margaret continued, “I know how bad things could get once you get a case against you. Something like that will haunt Wynter forever. 
“She’s still young, and she’s just ea? 
like this.” 
medical studies. I can’t have her prospects go down the drain 
It was because Wanda knew this that she could unabashedly blackmail Margaret. 
She was confident that Margaret would sign over the live–streaming channel to her, especially if it 
concerned Wynter’s future. 
“Where do I sign?” Margaret asked. 
Wanda beamed as she guided Margaret to the relevant sections. “Over her 
finished signing, stamp your thumbprint here.” 
and here. Once you’ve 
“And how can you be sure that Wynter will get out of this unscathed?” Margaret was 
Will using the Yates‘ name be enough? 
“What power do the Yates family have in Southdale when they’re in Kingbourne?” 
Hearing this, Wanda silently cursed Margaret’s sharpness.
cautious about this. 
“Well, naturally, there’s more work to be done than simply dropping the Yates‘ name,” she drawled arrogantly. “I know someone who works in the precinct. Captain Weissman is a friend of mine.” 
As she said this, she pulled up Adam’s contact to show Margaret. “I’ll call him and have him release 
Wynter after you sign the agreement.” 
As long as Wanda could get her hands on the channel, everything else could be negotiated. 
That said, Wanda wasn’t known for her generosity or compassion. She knew it wouldn’t make a difference 
to Wynter’s prospects even if Wynter were to be released from interrogation. 
Without the live–streaming channel, Wynter would go back to being a poor nobody. 
Just as Wanda was reveling in her deviousness, Margaret went quiet at. 
ention of Captain Weissman. 
If things truly were as serious as Wanda made them out to be, Margaret doubted a mere police captain 
had the power to settle them. 
Margaret recalled what Wynter said to her before the latter was taken away for questioning. 
“If anyone comes up to you and blackmails you, ignore them,” Wynter had said.. 
At the thought of this, Margaret set the pen down and pretended to be in a dilemma. “I’ll need some time to consider…”
“Consider?” Wanda was incredulous. “Mom, need I remind you that there’ll be no retracting Wynter’s case after 24 hours?” 
” 
Margaret’s fingers interlaced. “I can’t sign the agreement now.” 
Wanda knew that she was better off not pushing Margaret’s limits. “It’s 5:00 pm now. You have three 
hours to consider. 
“If you don’t sign the agreement by 8:00 pm, then you’ll hear from the police that they’ll proceed with the charges against Wynter.” 
With that, Wanda left the house. 
She knew Margaret had to be smart enough to figure things out by now. 
Wanda would have the final say on whether or not Wynter’s charges would be dropped. 
She was confident about this. However, she never anticipated the new City Bureau Secretary would be arrested alongside Wynter. 
Meanwhile, inside the interrogation room, Adam kept his explanation as vague as possible. 
He couldn’t tell the truth since it was unfavorable to him. As such, he tried to lie his way out of it and 
never mentioned Wanda’s name. 
Unfortunately for him, Wynter was also in the interrogation room. 
She was toying with the purple sugilite pendant she wore while nonchalantly listening to Adam’s
testament. 
She waited until Adam stopped talking. 
Just as he thought he had successfully lied his way out of this mess, Wynter said, “I noticed that you have a rather sweet fragrance on you, Captain Weissman. Normally, only young ladies under the age of 25 would use that particular brand of fragrance. 
 ? ? ?     ?F 
“I also noticed when you came in that your belt was undone, but your shirt was buttoned up all the way. I took a second look and with my very keen eyesight caught your hickey.” 
She paused before asking slowly, “Where were you on a weekday instead of working your day job, Captain 
Weissman?” 
She had not meant this as a question. She was insinuating that she knew 
Adam had never felt fear like this before, and his gaze flickered. 
thing he’d been up to. 
Wynter’s smile was humorless. “Truth plays an important part in interrogation, don’t you think? It can even 
stand as a mitigating factor. 
“Things like cash flow could be traced with a little bit of investigation. Don’t you think so, Mr. Fisher?”
###chapter198
Chapter 198 A Deeper Plot 
Dom’s gaze was venomous. “Of course.” 
Adam was so terrified that he blurted out the whole truth. 
He hadn’t known anything about the online controversy surrounding Wynter, that much was true. However, he was the one who had prepared a false witness to frame Wynter for medical negligence. 
Wanda was revealed to be the mastermind. The plan would be for Adam’s men to bust into Wynter’s house and arrest her during Empathy Clinic’s live–streaming just as the number of viewers were peaking. 
Once that was done, Wynter’s reputation as a doctor would be ruined regardless of whether charges were pressed against her or not. 
Adam had been told that Wynter was a helpless bumpkin. She could resist arrest, but that would be against the law. 
After she was brought in for questioning, the officers‘ treatment of her 
behavior or pleading skills.` 
ould depend entirely on her good 
Either way, the officers would make sure that a certain degree of damage would be done to Wynter. 
However, at the time of Wynter’s arrest, neither the officers nor Wanda had anticipated Lucas to get 
involved.
The plan would have been foolproof if Dom and Lucas hadn’t made an appearance. 
Dom was fuming after listening to Adam’s confession. 
He had been a police force grunt before, so he knew how corrupted the system was. Nonetheless, it pissed him off that something like this would happen in Southdale, his jurisdiction. 
Dom struck the table so hard it was a wonder it did not fall apart. “Adam, a vermin like you is a disgrace 
to society! Not only that, but you’ve also disgraced the very uniform you’re ing!” 
He wanted nothing more than to shred Adam into pieces. He couldn’t believe they’d insulted Wynter like this, especially when all the leaders of the cadre loved her to bits. 
Dom was sure these ignorant fools would be the death of him. 
Wynter was the calmest among them all. “Captain Weissman, you know how bad things would be for you if this plan were discovered. 
“And yet, instead of turning down Wanda’s offer, you chose to act on your greed and did her bidding.” 
“I didn’t do it just for the money! We’re talking about the Yates family here!” Adam cried, letting the truth sl*p as panic seized him. 
The mention of the Yates family made Lucas stiffen. “Are you saying that one of the four prestigious 
families is involved in this?” 
Chapter 198 A Deer Bat 
“No,” Adam replied, his fingers interlacing nervously. “Wanda is from the branch family, but Mr. Grayson
takes special care of them. 
“We’re doing this to maintain friendly relations with the Yates.” 
This was the information Wynter had been waiting for. She was not going to let this slide just because 
Adam threw Jerome under the bus. 
She wanted the entire institution and all those involved to be held accountable. 
She asked a question that seemed irrelevant to the present case, “Captain Weissman, do you remember The Nines Entertainment? It’s a company.” 
The question stumped Adam, who merely gaped at her. 
Wynter gave him a nudge. “At the start of the year, a young lady who went by Strawberry Cloud took her own life after suffering extensive cyberbullying. 
“The Nines Entertainment was one of the parties embroiled in that scandal.” 
Adam faltered at the mention of the suicide case. “I wasn’t in charge of that case. It was Mr. Grayson. 
“He said we shouldn’t allow a reputable enterprise in Southdale to go to ruins just because the victim 
couldn’t handle a little pressure.” 
“So the case was closed without further investigation,” Wynter said quietly. Her next words sent a chill running down Adam’s spine. 
“You covered for The Nines Entertainment even though the company illegally employed a troll army to 
slander others for a profit.”
Adam was a greedy person, but never to such an extent. He hadn’t known how The Nines Entertainment operated until much later. 
The company had targeted Strawberry Cloud, a young woman who had both looks and a strong social media presence. 
Whenever she posted videos or stories of herself, the company’s troll army would make up tales and spread vile rumors about her. 
In exchange, the company would gain followers, and the controversy they orchestrated would begin trending on social media. 
The trolls also had public accounts where they analyzed and picked apart the targeted Strawberry Cloud’s 
behaviors.
###chapter199
Chapter 199 Formidable Background 
Every article and video of the young woman that was shared or reposted by the masses would rack up The Nines Entertainment’s revenue. 
The more the people talked about and condemned her, the more the company earned. 
The effects of the incentivized hate campaign were apocalyptic. 
Strawberry Cloud had pressed charges for slander but to no avail. The accounts had been owned by a troll company, which made looking into the real identities of these perpetrators impractical. 
Besides, the backlash that Strawberry Cloud had sustained was far too great. There was nothing the law could do about it. 
In the end, Strawberry Cloud had reached her wits‘ end. She asked her tormentors if her death was the only thing that would get them to stop hounding her. 
The attention she gained with this statement was an open gambit for The Nines Entertainment to spread 
more rumors. 
“Only attention–seeking cowards would weaponize death like that.” 
“Trying to play the victim? Too bad.” 
“Go ahead and die if you want to.” 
Comments like these swirled around Strawberry Cloud and overwhelmed her.
As a result, Strawberry Cloud was gone and grieved for by her parents. 
Yet, The Nines Entertainment had made a profit out of this issue and 9 
away unscathed. 
After listening to Adam tell the full story, Lucas nearly imploded. He glowered at Adam and seethed, “You 
call a wicked enterprise like that excellent?” 
Dom was shaking with anger. Ever the empath, he felt tears pricking his eyes as he demanded, “What did 
that young lady do that was so wrong? Tell me!” 
Adam flinched and shrunk into himself. 
Wynter’s gaze darkened. “And you’re working with The Nines Entertainme 
to me. You’re planning to use controversies and scandals to crush me.” 
“What?” Dom thundered. He could feel his blood pressure spiking. 
S 
time to do the same thing 
Adam blanched. He quickly denied this. “No, that’s not true! I couldn’t sleep for months after the last incident. I promise you, that’s not my intention at all.” 
“Really?” Wynter drawled, “Someone maliciously reported my live–streaming channel and spread vile
rumors about it. 
“That someone is none other than Ivan Yarbrough, the manager of The Nines Entertainment.” 
Chapter 199 Formidable Background 
“You! Adam Weissman!” Dom hollered. He wanted to beat up the corrupt officer. 
Adam shook his head frantically. “No, I didn’t do it. I promise. My only orders were to arrest you. I…” 
Wynter knew there was no point in needling Adam any further. But at least she could offer some peace to the late Strawberry Cloud. 
If The Nines Entertainment thought the Yates‘ legal team could get them out of any wrongdoing, then they 
were wrong. 
Meanwhile, following his arrest, Ivan demanded to see Jerome as soon as he was brought to the police 
station. 
However, every police station operated differently. 
The special task force that had brought him in couldn’t be made up of regular cops. After all, they had 
shown up to arrest him in plain clothing. 
Special task forces belonged to a different jurisdiction. 
Ivan was still pleading his case. “There’s been a mistake. The Nines Entertainment is the biggest
entertainment agency in Southdale. 
“We’ve been nothing but professional, and we’re a well–known social enterprise too. You can’t just arrest us and bring us in based on some anonymous tip. 
“I need to speak to Mr. Grayson directly.” 
In the past, that line could make any interrogator wonder if they’d offend Ivan with their questioning. 
Unexpectedly, the man who was interrogating him this time was young. He had a gun strapped to his 
waist and a scar under the corner of his eye. 
He chuckled at Ivan’s words and said, “Oh, don’t worry, Mr. Grayson will join you soon.” 
At first, Ivan thought he still had the hope of getting out. 
That was until he saw Jerome being led into the room in handcuffs. 
The color drained from Ivan’s face as he gaped at the interrogating officer. He could feel cold sweat blooming across his forehead. “W–Why is Mr. Grayson…” 
“You mean the person who hired you didn’t tell you?” The interrogator toyed with a lighter as he bit out, One of the people who was arrested due to your little scheme is the new Secretary–General of the City 
Bureau.” 
The new Secretary–General? Ivan didn’t look convinced. “No, that’s impossible! Wanda said the young lady we were dealing with was a country bumpkin! Only idiots would believe you…” 
Over at Yates Group, Wanda had no idea why the corner of her eye kept twitching.
###chapter200
Chapter 200 Busted 
Wanda had no idea why the front desk staff was behaving as if they didn’t know her. 
It was her family’s business, after all. She saw no reason as to why she had to get permission to see her 
husband. 
Nonetheless, she was happy. The live–streaming channel that came with thousands of followers would 
soon be hers. 
Money from the channel would pour in without her having to do any work. She could forgive the front 
desk staff’s attitude for now. 
“You said to go easy on Wynter by paying her to give up her channel. But we should have just threatened to put her behind bars in the first place. 
cup 
“It’s about time she finds out she’s nothing without us,” Wanda declared smugly as she set her of 
coffee down on the table. 
Ewan didn’t care about all that. He only wanted to know one thing. “What did Mom say when you showed 
up to negotiate with her?” 
“What else? She wanted me to save Wynter, of course,” Wanda said nonchalantly. “That live–streaming
channel will be ours in an hour.” 
Ewan quickly poured his wife a cup of tea. “And?” 
“We get the final say on whether Wynter is released or not.” Wanda snorted. “Also, whether or not she’ll have a criminal record depends entirely on her attitude at the time of bail. 
“If that brat is still as arrogant as before, then we’ll have her charged for assaulting an officer on duty. 
“The live–streaming channel would be ours by then. The old lady won’t be able to do anything to stop us.” 
Ewan looked pensive as he said, “Don’t put Wynter behind bars. I don’t want Mom to get into a dramatic 
mood. She might come over and make a scene over it.” 
“We’ll see,” Wanda said as she lifted her chin. “Maybe we’ll feel differently wh 
e time comes.” 
“So is the live–streaming channel going to be ours for real?” Ewan asked, squeezing his wife’s shoulders. 
“The old lady still has the agreement with her,” Wanda pointed out. 
She tapped her screen and added, “With all the backlash surrounding Wynter, I doubt the old lady would 
be st*pid enough to keep the live–streaming channel. 
“It’s worthless now that its reputation is down the drain.”
Ewan’s brows furrowed. “Won’t that be troublesome for us then?” 
“With The Nines Entertainment operating it for us, we’ll be fine. They’ve always been good at manipulating 
the narrative,” Wanda pointed out. 
Chapter 200 busted 
After some contemplation, she said. “Besides, the live–streaming channel is gaining clout now that everyone’s condemning it. 
“When we go live tomorrow and the viewers discover we have a new streamer, an expert from the Shepherds, they’ll come around. 
“It’s all the trend these days on the internet,” Wanda concluded confidently, taking a sip of tea. “By then, we’ll pin all the blame on Wynter. 
“We’ll let everyone know we disapprove of her attitude. All will be fine after that.” 
Ewan wasn’t familiar with how social media and live–streaming worked. However, he felt assured that the Shepherds would be involved. “You’re brilliant, Wanda!” 
“I know,” she chirped, practically buzzing with glee. “Now all there’s left to do is to celebrate after we get the agreement.” 
However, the words had only just left her m*uth when the phone on the office desk rang. It was so loud and unexpected that it made Ewan and Wanda jump. 
“Who in their right mind would call the office at this hour?” Wanda asked unhappily.
She patted her chest to calm her racing heart. Ewan picked up the phone, but the next moment, his smile 
sl*pped. 
Wanda heard him ask, “What did you say?” 
“Mr. Yates, the police and officers from the Industry and Commerce Bureau are here. They’re on their way 
up to your office now,” the receptionist said anxiously.. 
She was obviously in a hurry to explain. “I think Mr. Lambert is escorting them now. Are you and Mrs. 
Yates…” 
Before the receptionist finished speaking, there was a loud bang. 
The office door slammed open to reveal four officers. Two of them were police officers while the other two were from the Industry and Commerce Bureau. 
Wallace Lambert, the Yates‘ assistant, stood ashen–faced next to the officers.
###chapter201
Chapter 201 Too Late to Regret 
Ewan was so shaken by the situation that his phone nearly sl*pped out of his hand. What had occurred to prompt the arrival of the police and officers from the Industry and Commerce Bureau? 
Ewan pretended to be calm and stepped forward. “How can I help you…” 
However, the police officers ignored Ewan. They went straight to Wanda and presented their 
identification. “Are you Wanda Scott?” 
“Yes.” 
“We need your cooperation for an investigation. Please come with us.” 
Wanda assumed that he was referring to Wynter’s incident. Adam had mentioned that someone would 
visit her regarding the matter.. 
So, she wasn’t worried and even felt at ease. “Is Captain Weissman the one who sent you all? Come on, sit down and have some drinks first. You’ve all worked so hard this time. If it weren’t for you all-” 
“We’ll discuss the case further back at the police station,” the police officer said sternly. “You have the 
right to remain silent now.” 
Only then did Wanda realize something was amiss. “Are you all from the Ravenwood Police precinct?” 
The police officers neither confirmed nor denied that fact. They proceeded to escort her away. Wanda started to panic. She turned back and looked at Ewan.
Ewan had been intercepted by the officers from the Industry and Commerce Bureau. “We need to inspect 
some accounts.” 
Initially, Wanda didn’t think much of it. She assumed everything would be fine, especially with Adam’s presence. However, as she got into the police car, she realized something was really wrong. 
This didn’t seem like what was agreed upon earlier. They hadn’t mentioned anything about bailing someone out. Instead, she was treated more like a suspect! 
Wanda’s heart sank. She shouted, “I want to see Captain Weissman! I want to call my lawyer!” However, the car door had already been closed. 
In the center of the business district, and full view of the public, Wanda exited the Yates Group’s office and was escorted into the police car. 
The Yates family’s company wasn’t the only company in the vast office building. Numerous other companies that were partners with the Yates group shared the same building. 
The news of Mrs. Yates‘ arrest spread in less than three minutes! In the vast office building housing dozens of companies, the incident was the talk of the town. 
The speed of dissemination due to the internet was rapid, especially when it came to gossip. 
Before Ewan could resolve matters with the Industry and Commerce Bureau, calls from their business 
Chapter 201 Too Late to Regret: 
partners started pouring in. They all questioned if there were any potential risks involved. 
Even the small investors that they had previously engaged with reached out.
“Mr. Yates, there’s no need to hide from us anymore. The entire business district of Southdale knows. about your wife’s arrest.” 
“What’s really going on!” 
Ewan pondered and recalled what Wanda had said earlier. He then explained, “There’s nothing wrong my wife, so there’s no need to be concerned about this. 
with 
“It’s all because of our previous adopted daughter, who insisted on doing medical livestreams. She’s the one who had been arrested. My wife and I are simply cooperating with the investigation.” 
“Yes, there’s absolutely no risk involved. Don’t worry, Mr. Larsen. I can assure you of that.” 
“We have completely severed ties with that girl. Yes, she won’t affect us.” 
*Of course. Our company will announce once there’s any outcome. Please be rest assured.” 
This explanation temporarily appeased some of the small companies. However, the scrutiny from the 
Industry and Commerce Bureau seemed endless. 
There were internal issues within the Yates Group. Ewan was worried that the officers might uncover 
something. 
At this moment, he couldn’t care less about Wanda’s situation. He simply arranged for a lawyer to 
accompany her. 
Despite their concerns, the couple still had some confidence in the situation. Even in the worst–case
scenario, if the Wynter chose to expose the Yates group, with Adam’s presence, they believed everything 
could be settled easily. 
It was the scrutiny of the Industry and Commerce Bureau that posed the greatest challenge. 
Ewan had meticulously planned everything–or so he thought. He hadn’t anticipated Wanda’s immediate panic as soon as she arrived at the police station. None of the people she knew were present. 
That wasn’t even the main issue. The main concern was that the auxiliary police officer she knew was being interrogated in the interrogation room! 
#Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
X
###chapter202
Chapter 202 Do You Know Who That Is 
Wanda stole a glance through the glass of the interrogation room. Her mind was in such a state of chaos. that her steps were unsteady. She tried to take a closer look. 
The two police officers who took her in didn’t allow her any time to look around. They took her into 
another interrogation room straightaway! With a click, she was handcuffed to the chair. 
At this moment, Wanda’s face turned pale. However, she remained steadfast in her demands. “I want to see Captain Weissman.” She was fully aware of the situation. “I won’t say a word if Captain Weissman 
doesn’t come.” 
To her surprise, the police officers agreed to her request. They glanced at the surveillance camera first, as if they had received instructions from someone. 
*Seeing Captain Weissman is not a problem. Do it.” The door of the interrogation room closed. 
A groundless fear infinitely amplified within her. Wanda comforted herself by saying that everything 
would be fine. As long as Adam came, everything would be settled. 
At worst, there was still Jerome to rely on. Jerome had some respect for the Scotts. When the police 
officers appeared again, Wanda’s face immediately drained of color! Adam was brought in handcuffs! 
“Captain Weissman, you-
As soon as Adam saw her, he tried to step forward and strangle her to death! “Wanda! You’ve ruined me! 
What did you say? You said that she had no background! That she was just a countryside girl who 
wouldn’t cause any big trouble! Just scare her a little and let her bleed!” 
Adam stretched his neck and yelled furiously, “Why did you contact the troll army? Why? Do you want me 
to die with you?” Adam had been interrogated for three hours already. His emotions were at a critical 
point. 
Now that he saw Wanda, his eyes grew even more bloodshot. It was because of this woman that he was 
In this mess! If the police officers hadn’t held him down, he would’ve rushed over to punch Wanda! 
Wanda was dumbfounded by the scene in front of her. She had expected Adam to reassure her that everything was settled as he did in the past and that she only needed to pay some money to make Wynter apologize as much as she wanted. 
But now, her pillar of support had crumbled. 
She panicked. “Mr. Grayson, I’m looking for Mr. Grayson. I’m from the Scott family!” 
“You’re looking for Mr. Grayson?” Adam laughed as if she had told a joke. He stared at her viciously and said, “It’s useless even if you seek God! 
“You
id that they were just poor relatives from the countryside! Wanda! Are you blind or just plain st*pid? You can’t even recognize the City Bureau Secretary of Kingbourne!” 
City Bureau Secretary? Of Kingbourne? The more Wanda listened, the deeper her heart sank. Her 
Chapte 202 Do You Know Who That is 
breathing grew uneven. How was it possible? 
“Wh–who did you say is from Kingbourne?” Wanda asked in a shaky voice as her body trembled. 
Now, Adam seemed to be lashing out like a rabid dog. “Those poor relatives you thought had been. arrested? It’s Mr. Fischer from the Industry and Commerce Bureau and the newly appointed Secretary 
the City Bureau. 
of 
“Wanda, I’m telling you, I’m done for. And you won’t have it any easier! This time, even the Scott family 
can’t save you!” 
Of all people, Adam harbored the deepest resentment for Wanda for her foolishness! 
Wanda was truly stunned this time. “How could it be? It’s impossible! Impossible!” 
She muttered to herself, “Why would the City Bureau Secretary be in such a rundown alley… They must be 
imposters. Yes, they must be imposters!”
“Your st*pidity is really beyond belief,” Adam said through gritted teeth. 
Wanda shook her head rapidly, and her hair became disheveled. She couldn’t figure out why. Why would 
the City Bureau Secretary appear there? 
The lawyer had been outside the interrogation room from the start. He wanted to identify the best approach he could take to swiftly settle the matter.
###chapter203
Chapter 203 A Great Turn of Events 
After all, he was only responsible for the economic and legal affairs of the Yates Group. Mrs. Yates” situation was just a side issue to look into upon Mr. Yates‘ Instructions. But when he learned about the case, he immediately gave up. 
He politely bid farewell to the police officers. Afterward, he immediately called the law firm to inform the other partners to sever all ties with the Yates Group. 
“It’s not just a trivial business matter. Even the entire Yates Group’s involvement wouldn’t resolve this matter, Mrs. Yates had provoked the wrong people. I can’t divulge the specifics… 
The stance of a law firm toward its client often set the tone for such situations. It’s just that the storm hadn’t fully started yet. The seriousness of the situation had yet to be realized by Ewan. 
What was important to him was securing the livestream channel. Midway through the Industry and Commerce Bureau’s investigation, Ewan sneaked into the bathroom and called Margaret. 
The contents of the phone call were nothing but threats. If Margaret refused to sign, Wynter would definitely pay the price. 
“Mom, take a look at what the public is saying. Do you honestly think you and that girl stand a chance?” The sentence hit Margaret right in the heart. 
At the Empathy Clinic, Margaret sat next to the wooden medicine cabinet. Her hands trembled after she hung up the phone. 
Susan was
was by her side. Margaret used to not pay much attention to her phone. But now, she kept scrolling. through her screen. Public opinion swept over her like a large tide, as if it could drown her. 
“The streamer is done for.” 
*Anyone who caused medical accidents should pay with their life. She’s ballsy if she dares to defy the law! 
“The streamer didn’t refuse to cooperate with the law enforcement during the livestream. I was there. It was the two police officers who had problems.” 
“This is ridiculous. What problems could the police officers have? Some fans are spreading rumors just to protect her?” 
“It’s unjust if the streamer isn’t severely punished!” 
“I watched the video. The old lady was too pitiful. Her grandson was in a coma.” 
*The streamer deserves to die! Didn’t they say she cheated in school? She must’ve faked everything online too! Those diagnoses she made with just a glance were definitely staged!” 
“It was scripted, and now it has backfired. She had it coming!” 
There were too many negative comments. As the moderator of the Empathy hall, Moderator 007 felt immense pressure. 
Chapte. 203 A Great Tumal Events 
Another colleague in the medical field, Mr. Hughes, was unaware of Mr. Yarwood’s existence. He had already warned him three times.
“The streamer you signed made a mistake. Do you expect other streamers to suffer the consequences for you?” 
“I never liked Empathy Clinic from the start.” 
“Their tips seemed too fake, especially that VVIP user’s. It all felt too contrived!” 
“Even the data seems manipulated. Why keep such a streamer?” 
The bosses had reminded Moderator 007 not to disclose Mr. Yarwood’s identity. During the meeting, he could only rely on his authority to defend Empathy Clinic. 
Mr. Hughes sneered. “If something goes wrong, you’ll need to resign!” 
Moderator 007 gritted his teeth. “I’ll wait for the notice.” 
Mr. Hughes remained silent. He thought it wouldn’t be too bad if things went wrong. As long as 007 was 
present, he would always diminish some of Mr. Hughes‘ authority. 
Once 007 was no longer around, he would be able to dominate the medical field. Moderator 007 had. been attempting to contact someone overseas. Finally, he got through to Mr. Yarwood’s phone. 
After he explained everything, the voice on the other end turned cold…
###chapter204
Chapter 204 My Vulnerable Girlfriend 
Ethan had never seen Dalton with such a cold expression. From the moment he received the call, a storm of coldness brewed within his gaze. As he approached the car, the surrounding air was filled with a palpable coldness. 
Nobody could hear the conversation clearly, nor did they dare to eavesdrop. His towering form alone sent shivers down the spines of those that surrounded him. 
What exactly happened back home to provoke such hostility in their typically composed boss? Dalton 
talked on the phone for over 15 minutes, 
No one dared to get close to him. His oppressive tone could be felt through the sound of the rain. After hanging up the call from 007, Dalton called Otis. 
Otis was still at the station. He grew angrier as the investigation progressed. When he saw Dalton’s call, his chest tightened with a pang of guilt. 
Dalton got straight to the point. He spoke politely, “I apologize for disturbing you at this time. It’s just that 
I’ve received some troubling news and would like to consult you about it, sir. 
“If a public official abused their power to frame my girlfriend, how would you address such a situation? 
“The reason why I asked for your help when I left Southdale was not because I wanted you to give her any 
special treatment..
“It’s just that it’s difficult for her to support her family at such a young age. I simply hoped for a smoother path for her. Now I hear that my girlfriend will be convicted of a serious crime.” 
If Dalton had exhibited the typical intimidating attitude of those from prominent families, Otis might not 
have felt as guilty. 
However, Dalton maintained his composure while he criticized Otis. He presented facts and even brought up Wynter’s background. 
Hearing Dalton’s words, Otis desperately wished he could drag people like Jerome and sacrifice them to the heavens. It was not permissible to disclose the general details of the case, but Otis recognized that Dalton had a close relationship with the girl who was convicted. 
Otis didn’t hide anything from him and provided Dalton with the that the City Bureau Secretary was among those who were arrested.” 
e stor 
He even included the fact 
He explained the reason why he had not made any statement was because there was another case of severe cyberbullying involved. Wynter, who had gathered evidence, was currently coordinating the final operation with the Special Unit., 
“Her? Special Unit?” Dalton’s eyes darkened as he got lost in his thoughts. 
Otis lowered his voice and said, “This young lady is remarkable. She remained calm throughout the investigation, She even had such a big trump card. She’s extremely intelligent. 
Chapte 204 My Vulnerable Girlfriend
“Mr Buchanan, you should not disregard the fact that she’s vulnerable and at a disadvantage just because she’s smart,” Dalton remarked in a subdued tone as he twirled the beads of his bracelet. 
“Social connections hold weight everywhere. She has no connections or background. She would’ve been torn apart once she entered your bureau if she hadn’t been smart. She wouldn’t be standing where she is now.” Dalton’s words weren’t sharp, yet they pierced through Otis. 
Otis felt remorseful and assured, “Don’t worry, we’ll set things straight and offer her an explanation.” 
“Indeed, an explanation is needed.” Dalton’s gaze was dark and deep. “But this time, the explanation will be different from the past. I’m sure Mr. Buchanan is aware of the public sentiment online.” 
Otis was aware that this case hadn’t been managed well in terms of public relations. Even if Wynter was 
innocent, her reputation would likely be tarnished. 
After all, rumors spread like wildfire. It would be extremely difficult to debunk them. 
Dalton noticed that Otis was lost in thought so he moved on to the main purpose of his call. “I need your 
to provide an initial explanation for the case. The Yarwoods will handle the rest.” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward
###chapter205
Chapter 205 This Is a Huge Plot Twist 
Otis understood Dalton’s message. This type of large–scale public sentiment required someone experienced to handle it. There was a certain tacit understanding between Otis and Dalton. 
Meanwhile, at the headquarters of the livestream platform, Moderator 007 was more confident. The matter at hand was crucial. He bypassed Mr. Hughes and directly contacted several branch managers of the platform. 
The branch managers dared not refuse, as it was an order from Dalton. Time passed slowly. As the 
number of negative comments online grew, Ewan grew more confident. He was certain that Margaret 
would not be able to hold on and would eventually call him. 
The 
e pace had been set by many gossip accounts. The information left by The Nines Entertainment was 
sufficient for them to celebrate. 
Were these gossip accounts aware of the truth? Their intentions certainly weren’t naive. It’s just that this matter was currently trending and everyone wanted a piece of the action. 
Some netizens said, ‘Just wait. The platform will make an official statement and shut down Empathy 
Clinic’s livestream channel.” 
“This is a serious issue. If not handled properly, it will lead to trouble. 
I
“What more is there to say? I fully support the platform in banning problematic streamers directly!” 
Demands to shut down the livestream channel increased. Margaret couldn’t comprehend the situation 
online, but the current situation was similar to her previous experience. 
It was just that it shifted from reality to the internet, but the core of it remained the same. It was enough to crush a person. 
There were even comments that said, ‘Does anyone know the streamer’s information? Let’s expose her!” 
Margaret panicked when she saw the comment. It didn’t matter much if the Empathy Clinic was shut down or if she stopped practicing medicine. However, she had to protect Wynter! 
Some people tried to reason, such as retired leaders from the community. 
Lovethepeople commented, “I saw the entire incident unfold. I advise everyone to remain calm until the 
outcome is revealed.” 
Unfortunately, no one listened to their comment. Some netizens even argued back. 
“This lovethepeople looks like a private account. He’s probably a fan of the female streamer. The way he tries to defend her is shameless.” 
“Who are you to advise us to stay calm? She assaulted the police!” 
“Defending her with a private account? Show some guts and use a public one!” 
Jackson had never faced criticism like this before. For the first time, he witnessed the consequences of
Chapte: 205 This Is a Huge Plot Twist. 
aligning with violence. It seemed as if they wanted to push Wynter to her death. 
The leaders of the Harmony Community were furious when they saw this. They gathered their respective 
students and lectured them. 
“You mean to tell me this can’t be resolved now!” 
“Why did you all allow the public’s opinion to spiral out of control?” 
However, Jackson seemed to have sensed something and remained composed. “Don’t worry, let’s wait.” 
“What are we waiting for?” The others were anxious. “If we wait any longer, they’ll ruin Wyner!” 
“Lawrence, this is all because of you. Look at Jerome now!” 
Lawrence couldn’t bring himself to raise his head. “I… I was blind before.” 
“If you dare to speak for that Jerome guy, don’t think about playing cards with us anymore!” Zach fumed.” 
Look at how harshly Wynter got scolded!” 
Lawrence clenched his teeth. “Me speaking for him? Zach, you can blame me, but don’t insult me. A scumbag like him deserves to be in jail!”
Almost all the administrators of the various communities in Southdale were reprimanded by their 
superiors. 
None of them could comprehend the situation. Wasn’t the Yates family just a small noble family? Why did they stir up trouble with the leaders? 
Meanwhile, at the Empathy Clinic, Margaret’s hands trembled. She finally made her final decision. Just as 
she was about to sign, Susan shouted suddenly with her phone raised.
###chapter206
Chapter 206 The Public Opinion Has Changed 
“Oh my god! Does this mean that they’re supporting Wynter?” Susan exclaimed excitedly as she opened the platform page. 
“Mrs. Yates Senior, look at this! This headline is getting boosted!” Margaret set her pen down and swiftly put on her reading glasses. 
It was an official statement by the livestreaming platform. The content was concise but powerful. 
“Regarding the recent defamatory remarks against our platform’s Empathy Clinic’s streamer, our company has issued legal notices to all gossip accounts involved. We reserve the right to pursue legal 
action against any defamation targeting Empathy Clinic’s streamer. 
“Our company upholds all legal principles. We promise the public that our streamers have no violations on record. These are baseless complaints and provocations from the troll army. Our company will 
thoroughly investigate this matter! 
“Furthermore, our company’s stance reflects the stance of our responsible personnel. We hope for clarity 
on the internet so that doctors can heal and patients can be treated.” 
As soon as this statement was released, it immediately stirred a wave of reactions! 
“Unbelievable! The platform is still defending her?” 
“Isn’t the platform’s stance too firm?”
“Look at the last sentence, ‘Our company’s stance reflects the stance of our responsible personnel. We hope for clarity on the internet so that doctors can heal and patients can be treated‘. It’s so well written! 
It’s touching!” 
The p 
platform’s public relations strategy is undeniably strong. But it’s a fact that the streamer assaulted 
the police!” 
“I sense there’s more to this situation. The platform probably has insights that we’re not aware of.” 
“I guess they’re reluctant to ban her because she’s a major source of revenue for them.” 
“Wait, have you guys noticed that the gossip accounts are unusually quiet this time?” 
“Indeed. Usually when they receive legal notices, they become even more provocative…” 
Did the gossip accounts dare to provoke? Absolutely not! 
BlazingTea, a gossip account notorious for delving into people’s privacy and often collaborating with The 
Nines Entertainment, was dumbfounded! 
This wasn’t a legal notice from the platform. It was from the Yarwood Group! The Yarwood group was 
capable of altering circumstances with a flick of their hand! Who would dare to provoke them? They must’ve had considerable leverage to wield such power. 
It was rumored that the Scotts‘ legal team was invincible. But that was because they had not yet
Chapter 206 The Public Opinion Has Changed 
encountered the Yarwood group. 
BlazingTea panicked. He quickly deleted all provocative videos related to Empathy Clinic on the platform. But it was too late. The next moment, the police found him and requested his cooperation in the 
investigation. 
BlazingTea was experienced in such situations. He claimed to be a first–time offender, unaware that his actions constituted cyberbullying. He pleaded to the police officers to show him leniency this time and cited his family responsibilities. 
BlazingTea thought that he would be left alone after he deactivated his account. To his surprise, the police officers were stern and requested his immediate cooperation. 
The netizens remained oblivious to what had happened to the gossip accounts. Even some of the gossip 
accounts thought it wasn’t a big deal, diminishing it as just a few rumors. 
But just three minutes after the platform issued its statement, the police department’s official website posted an announcement! 
“Everyone! Take a look at the police department’s official website!” 
The netizens had anticipated severe criticism of the platform by the authorities. However, as they eagerly
opened the announcement, their hands froze! 
The official announcement stated, “The case involving a certain online streamer is a defamation case. The informant was hired by Wanda Scott to appear in the streamer’s livestream, intending to damage the 
streamer’s reputation. 
“Due to the large number of individuals involved in this case, we are unable to disclose further details at 
this time.” 
Chapte 207 Empathy Clinic is Trending
###chapter207
Chapter 207 Empathy Clinic Is Trending 
“Regarding the issue of public officials who illegally arrested individuals, we will conduct a thorough investigation. We will provide the public with an explanation and clear Empathy Clinic’s name.” 
If the police department issued a simple announcement as they had done in the past, it would’ve likely gone unnoticed. However, the livestream platform had released a statement before this official 
announcement. 
This was bound to spark significant discussions. Whether positive or negative, everyone awaited eagerly. for the official outcome. So when this public announcement was made, the internet exploded! 
“Arresting people illegally!?” 
“I’ve said before that the streamer was framed. I was on the livestream channel at the time. The 
procedures were all wrong.” 
“I apologize for criticizing the streamer!” 
“But I’m baffled. Why would the police officers arrest people illegally?” 
“It seems someone spent money to ensure the streamer’s case was ironclad, making it impossible for her 
to recover! 
Before the netizens could inquire further, another announcement appeared on the police department’s 
official website.
“After investigation, it was found that Adam Weissman, the former chief of the Ravenwood Police Precinct, had long abused his powers, engaged in bribery, and framed over 20 innocent people. 
“He was one of the masterminds behind this case. He had been handed over to the higher authorities for handling. After investigation, former Southdale. 
Upon this announcement, the online fervor intensified! Nobody expected that such a massive corruption case would be uncovered through the gossip of an online streamer! All of Southdale was rattled! 
Those associated with Adam and Jerome now wanted to distance themselves as much as possible. It 
was evident to anyone that they were in serious trouble this time! However, they couldn’t comprehend 
why a mere streamer would wield such a great influence. 
Susan pointed at her phone excitedly. “Mrs. Yates Senior! Remember what I said? Good people will be 
rewarded! Wynter will be fine!” 
Margaret also saw the announcement. She breathed a sigh of relief and carefully put away the contracts 
in her hand. These were all evidence 
‘Sorry Empathy Clinic‘ and ‘Who is Wynter Quinell‘ instantly skyrocketed to the top of the trending list! Soon after, an insider revealed more information. 
“I know this Wanda. She’s the wife of the owner of the Yates Group. She’s notorious for being a mistress, mistreating her mother–in–law, and abusing her employees. 
Chapter 207 Empathy Clinic is Trending
“Who’s more despicable is Ewan. He forgot about his mother after marrying his wife. He lives in the lavish villa his parents toiled for, while his mother lives in an old alley. 
“The old lady initially severed all ties with him. She wanted nothing to do with that wicked daughter–in– law 
“When the old lady gained fame from livestreaming, the couple immediately came forward. They asked her to hand over the Empathy Clinic. When the old lady refused, they threatened her. 
*Now it appears they had support from government officials. If she refused, they would seize it forcefully.” 
Instantly, public opinion fl*pped! On this day, the Empathy Clinic became famous all over the country! The 
netizens began to search for the truth. 
Meanwhile, Ewan remained preoccupied with the ongoing investigation at the Industry and Commerce Bureau. He was still waiting for Margaret to sign the contract and deliver it to him. 
Unbeknownst to him, the Yates Group’s external accounts had been frozen! 
“Guys, this is the company! It’s owned by Wanda’s husband! 
“I heard you’re the scumbag who abandoned his mother once he got a wife?” 
“Scum!”
The negative comments flooded in. The employees grew anxious. They wanted to seek guidance from Ewan. However, before they could reach him, the investors had already contacted Ewan. 
“Is this what you meant by risk–free?” 
A loud bang echoed over the line, and the call ended abruptly. When Ewan attempted to reconnect, he found that the investors had blocked him. Furthermore, at that moment, all their partners had issued him. 
termination notices. 
Chapte: 200 A Slap in the Face From Wynter
###chapter208
Chapter 208 A Slap In the Face From Wynter 
The Yates Group collapsed overnight. The hypocritical facade that Ewan had cultivated over the years. was completely exposed! 
A swarm of reporters gathered outside of the Yates Group’s headquarters. Ewan covered his face and escaped through the basement. He had never felt such embarrassment in his life. 
He hid like a rat in the car. He read the messages online and finally realized the seriousness of the 
situation. Desperately, Ewan reached out to his contacts. However, nobody responded to him. 
Finally, a relative secretly revealed, “Your wife’s predicament was Mr. Buchanan’s decision.” 
Otis Buchanan? Ewan’s legs went weak. His phone fell to the ground with a bang! 
In the interrogation room, Wanda appeared ghostly pale. 
The couple, accustomed to power and authority, had previously looked down on individuals like Wynter. 
They believed that they could force Wynter to hand over her livestream channel and leave Southdale with just a little pressure. Little did they expect their downfall at the hands of the City Bureau Secretary. 
As Wanda–listened to her crimes, she knew she was finished. When she was brought out, she saw Wynter 
in the corridor. Wanda’s gaze was filled with hatred. She gritted her teeth and attributed Wynter’s release 
to pure luck.
If the City Bureau Secretary hadn’t stepped in, she would’ve achieved her goal. Anyone who witnessed Wanda’s arrogance and st*pidity would laugh. Only she would think it was luck. 
Lucas, who was experienced in the bureaucracy, recognized Wynter’s extraordinary abilities through this 
ordeal. 
Wynter said that she only knew little about the internet. Despite the lack of knowledge, she managed to solve two major cases. One of corruption, and the other of murder. 
The evidence against The Nines Entertainment was also uncovered by Wynter. When the incident of Strawberry Cloud‘ was announced, countless netizens were terrified. The methods were so vicious that 
they frightened people. 
“The Nines Entertainment deserves to die!” 
“May there be no more unjust cases in this world.” 
“May Strawberry Cloud rest in peace.” 
Amidst these sentiments, one comment stood out. 
“Darling, can you see it? Everyone believes in you.” 
It was from Strawberry Cloud’s parents. They had fought their case for 107 days, from the lower court to 
Chaper 200 A Slap in the Face From Wyler
the Intermediate court. The opposition’s legal team wielded formidable power. 
They dismissed it as unreasonable agitation, all for profiting from the deceased. Today, someone finally addressed the issue head–on. Their daughter’s death was unjust! The elderly couple only learned about the internet after their daughter’s death. 
Although they had never met the Empathy Clinic’s streamer, they knew of her kindness. She had sent them the evidence and helped them source for lawyers. 
It was important to rectify the injustice. Not just for the dead, but for the living too. This time, even the Scott Group’s legal team dared not contest this case. 
The Scott Group swiftly severed ties with The Nines Entertainment. They even sacrificed their subordinates. They provided the court evidence against The Nines Entertainment to protect themselves. 
Indeed, the Scott Group remained impenetrable. Their swift and decisive actions made it hard for Lucas to investigate them. After all, they were a listed company that was based in Kingbourne. 
Wynter wasn’t surprised by this outcome. It was evident someone was behind the rise of prominence of the Scott family in Kingbourne. 
It was unlikely that a small mistake in Southdale could topple the whole Scott family. But it was still effortless to sever one of its limbs. 
Wynter kept her hands in her pocket and chewed on a piece of candy. Her gaze gleamed with determination. No one could have fathomed that this was all part of her plan.
###chapter209
Chapter 209 Took Orders to Praloo Myself 
Wouldn’t the Scott Group suffer without The Nines Entertainment as a publicity outlet? Of course, they 
would. 
This matter even prompted the reclusive patriarch of the Scott Group, Peter Scott, to speak out. “Next time, cut off any irrelevant connections.” 
Without the Scott family’s support, Wanda was finished. Initially, Lucas came to pry open Southdale’s door, but now this case was famous. Naturally, the situation in Kingbourne would change accordingly. 
Peter sat in his study, his gaze clouded as he observed the people below. “Didn’t I instruct you to prevent Lucas from achieving anything in Southdale? Did you ignore my words?” 
“Dad, I=” 
Peter raised his hand. “We can’t afford to lose Southdale, Losing The Nines Entertainment was nothing, but we absolutely cannot allow Lucas to make further progress. This is also what Mr. Stanley desires.” 
“Dad, don’t worry. This was just an accident.” 
Peter looked at the livestream on his phone and narrowed his eyes. “Go and investigate the girl around Margaret. Her luck seems unusually favorable. If there are any issues, resolve them quickly.” 
“Yes, Dad. 
Wynter was not afraid of being investigated. The Dark Web Alliance wasn’t just for show. She was notified
as soon as the Scotts made a move. 
There was also another message that read, “Boss, we discovered that it was the Yarwoods who supported you online this time.” 
The Yarwoods? Wynter raised an eyebrow in surprise. Sir Yarwood was too generous toward their soon–to- be collaboration partner. 
“Boss, the Yarwoods have also reached out to us. They’ve deposited eight million dollars and requested us to write a press release praising you.” 
Wynter’s fingers paused for a while before she replied, “Where’s the money?” 
“We haven’t accepted it yet. This deal seems suspicious. 
Did they truly intend to pay them to write a press release to praise Wynter? It was plausible, but it seemed too shameless. 
Wynter hummed and replied, “Return it.” 
“Will this insult the Yarwoods? After all, they’re allies.” 
Wynter contemplated for a few seconds. “Offer them a half–price deal and inform them we’ve already praised her.” 
Chapre, 209 Took Diders to Praise Myself. 
“Noted!” The money came too easily. 
Now that the truth was revealed, everyone online waited eagerly for Wynter to start livestreaming again. Did they even need the praise? Not at all. The fans came naturally.
Together with the comment of gratitude from Strawberry Cloud’s parents, the Empathy Clinic became the most popular livestream channel. 
If the Empathy Clinic was popular before, it now broke the traffic of the live stream platform. 
Mr. Hughes, who had been consistently hostile toward 007, went silent. Not only that, he was also summoned to the office and warned to be more cautious in his future actions. 
He shouldn’t suppress 007 simply because the streamers that signed with 007 were popular. Even if he intended to do so, he should have done it discreetly. The individuals in charge here shared the same 
interest as Mr. Hughes 
“Take some time to study this year’s top ten streamers. Are there any streamers you’d like to support? 
There’s substantial profit potential here.” 
Mr. Hughes was a smart man, he immediately understood. “I’ll make arrangements right away… 
The online buzz had not subsided. Word had spread far and wide about the major events t 
in the Yates family. 
that happened 
The Shepherds, who were already dissatisfied with Yvette, immediately contacted Charlie, who was 
studying in Kingbourne. 
Charlie was puzzled. “Mom, I’m not going to break up with Yve. You have no idea how capable she is. She’s currently treating Mr. Quinnell Senior from the Quinnell family.”
“Did you know her mother was arrested and sentenced to prison?* 
Charlie’s expression suddenly changed. “Aunt Wanda was arrested?” 
“Not only that, but the Yates family is on the verge of collapse. Your Uncle Ewan is scrambling to find a buyer, but nobody wants to touch that sinking ship.” 
Charlie was in disbelief. “How is this possible?” 
“How isn’t it? The Yates family is a black hole. Don’t be foolish.” 
Charlie hesitated. “I’ll think about it.” 
Meanwhile, Yvette who was with Fiona, remained oblivious to the situation. She had always taken pride in the Yates family. To learn that something this huge happened…
###chapter210
Chapter 210 There’s Still a Chance If You Beg Wynter 
Wanda remained in the detention center, awaiting her family’s rescue. She stared longingly at the metal bars until her case was determined. Only then was Ewan permitted to see her under the supervision of 
Jurors. 
It was impossible to save Wanda. Even Ewan found himself in a precarious situation. 
Yet, Wanda couldn’t grasp the gravity of the situation. She held onto the metal bars and shouted, “Ewan, you must find the best lawyer for me. I refuse to accept this!” 
Ewan’s stubble had begun to show. He urged her to calm down. 
But Wanda persisted. “How can I calm down? I’m the one facing imprisonment!” 
Ewan lowered his voice and said, “What else can we do? Even the newly appointed secretary was 
arrested!” 
“Keep spreading the story that the old lady killed someone.” Wanda was already hysterical at this point. 
That’s the truth!” 
Ewan desperately wished he could silence her. “Stop talking.” 
“Why should I stop? Even if I’m unlucky and lose this battle, those two poor souls won’t fare any better. Wanda sneered. “The netizens won’t let them off. Empathy Clinic’s reputation had already been tarnished!”
Ewan roared, “It’s not the Empathy Clinic that’s tarnished, it’s us! Do you know what people are saying about us online? They’re calling you a wicked mistress and me a bastard!” 
Wanda was dumbfounded. “What do you mean?” 
“Ivan from The Nines Entertainment had been arrested. Everything you’ve done has been exposed by the 
netizens,” Ewan said, rubbing his temples. “I warned you not to push too far, but you didn’t listen. Now 
look, everything’s gone.” 
At those words, Wanda felt as if her lungs would explode. She couldn’t even process what Ewan said 
next. The Nines Entertainment had always been one of the most valued companies by the Scott family. 
Wanda’s previous confidence stemmed from her belief that no one could touch it. Even the newly appointed secretary had to consider the pressure from Kindbourne. But now, even The Nines 
Entertainment can’t be saved? 
Wanda clenched the metal bars tightly. “Contact the Scott family, they’ll surely-” 
“It’s pointless,” Ewan interrupted as he stared at her. “I’ve consulted the lawyers. Our only option now is to beg Wynter for forgiveness. Maybe then, your sentence might be reduced.” 
Wanda screamed, “You want me to beg that brat? You might as well just kill me!” 
“If you won’t, I will.” Ewan’s eyes were bloodshot. “I need to save the company.” With that, Ewan rose and left without a backward glance. 
Desperately, Wanda cried, “Ewan! You can’t leave me here alonel Ewan!”
Ewan wished he had not married such a foolish woman. Why hadn’t he cut ties with her sooner? When the gate closed, darkness enveloped Wanda. Gradually, she realized what her husband meant. 
She was in a panic but she reassured herself it would all be fine. Yvette would surely come to her rescue once she learned about this. She couldn’t face Wynter, but she could persuade Yvette. Yvette was a top student. She would definitely find a way. 
Wanda started to talk to herself. It was evident that the situation had taken a toll on her mental health. 
the downfall of those side characters. After she submitted 
Wynter wasn’t particularly concerned abou 
the evidence against The Nines Entertainment, she immediately called Larry. 
“We can begin wrapping up on the Yates Group’s end,” Wynter said in a soft voice. Her head was lowered. as she bit into a piece of candy. 
Larry was unusually excited. “This time, Ewan will probably go bankrupt.” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
###chapter211
Chapter 211 Wynter’s Move and the Yates Group’s Bankruptcy 
“Ewan can weigh his options,” said Wynter, who stood under the street light in a black leather jacket. We’re not going to coerce him.” 
Larry guffawed. “He has no choice when the options are either jail time or bankruptcy. Boss, that was brilliant!” 
“He deserved every bit of it.” She grinned. “We gave him a chance before, didn’t we?” 
Ewan only had himself to blame for not cherishing his opportunities. Instead, he kicked up trouble and even got Margaret involved. 
Wynter was always a vindictive person. Ewan needed to count his blessings, for she would have sent him. to jail if he weren’t a Yates. 
After all that had happened, Ewan’s first thought was to go to Margaret for help. He believed that Margaret would help him out if he wept in front of her just like he had done before. 
To his dismay, Empathy Clinic was closed for the day. Sitting in the backyard, Margaret stroked the bracelet that her husband left for her. 
She mumbled, “Elton, our son has never proved himself useful. You kept saying to give him time, so I turned a blind eye and suffered from his actions because my days are numbered anyway. But now, he’s hurting others!” 
him if I beg her to, but I can’t put her through Injustice. 
She wiped away her tears. “Wynter will surely spare him if I beg her to, but We live under the rule of law.
“Elton, you and I were wrong. We could not save Ewan because his heart was not in the right place! We 
couldn’t save him…” 
Ewan’s cries were futile. Standing by the door, he started cussing. “I’ve never met such a heartless mother! You should’ve died with Dad!” 
Ewan finally accepted that he couldn’t count on Margaret this time. If he couldn’t sell off the family house, he’d have to sell Yates Group to pay his debts. But he wasn’t ready for that. He refused to be ther laughingstock of Southdale. 
He went home dejectedly. The maid hurriedly helped him with his bag, but she was concerned because her 
had been delayed for half a month, and there were rumors ofWanda getting arrested. 
pay 
She blurted out, “Mr. Yates, when will we get our pay this month? We’re kind of tight on money.” 
Ewan, despite having his cards frozen, couldn’t swallow his pride. He merely waved at the maid and said to her, “Go talk to the company accountant, Joseph Monroe, tomorrow.” 
“Sure.” The maid smiled and comforted him, “Mr. Yates, don’t fret. Ms. Yvette has your back. She just called to report that she’s saved the life of a prominent figure in Kingbourne, and she’s waiting for you to 
return her call.“ 
Chapte: 211 Wynters Move and the Yate & Genuphi Bankruptcy
His eyes lit up with hope. “Did Yvette really say so?” 
“Yeah. She couldn’t reach you or Madam, so she called home,” the maid explained, but Ewan ignored her as he dialed Yvette’s number. 
At the Winstons‘ magnificent villa in Kingbourne, Yvette sat from across Arianna and emulated the latter’s tea–drinking etiquette. Unfortunately, she only succeeded in making herself look like a try–hard. 
Seeing that, Ella Winston couldn’t help but chuckle. Arianna reminded Ella, “Ella, Dr. Yates has treated your grandpa. Don’t be rude.” 
Soon, Ella left their company out of boredom. Arianna gracefully addressed Yvette, “Dr. Yates, please excuse Ella. I’ve probably spoilt her rotten. I’m amazed at your medical skills despite your young age 
though.” 
Yvette shook her head humbly and blushed in embarrassment, but Arianna secretly looked down on such behavior. A master in their field should always carry themselves with pride and grace. 
The Winston family’s patriarch, Clyde Winston, nearly suffered a fatal heart attack due to his comorbidities. However, Yvette had miraculously saved his life with acupuncture.
###chapter212
Chapter 212 Yvette’s True Colors Revealed After the Discovery of the Livestream 
As a result, Arianna held Yvette in high regard. She complimented Flona, “Fiona, you have good taste in people.” 
“Oh, Wette and I are destined to meet. Fiona patted the back of Yvette’s hand in a friendly manner. “She downplayed her skills on the way here, claiming that she couldn’t treat a patient as she was still in school. But look at her! She’s awesome.” 
Yvette would never admit that she just happened to be lucky. When Clyde had a heart attack, Fiona bluffed about Yvette’s skills, putting her on the spot. She therefore had no choice but to treat Clyde. 
Fortunately, she carried a medical book she had stolen from the Yates family. She recalled Wanda once mentioned Margaret’s medical expertise, and she was sure that Margaret knew a thing or two. Judging from the age of the medical book, Yvette knew it’d come in handy. 
However, as she struggled to decipher the messy writing in the book, she performed the acupuncture with whatever knowledge she could make out. To her surprise, Clyde stirred awake after she inserted just two needles into his acupuncture points. 
As one of the four great families, the Winston family held a higher social status in Kingbourne than the 
Scott family. 
Just as Yvette felt gleeful for having acquainted herself with the Winstons, Arianna started questioning her. “Dr. Yvette, what do your parents do? I’m interested to know how they raised such an excellent daughter.” 
Yvette immediately understood that Arianna was trying to pry into her family background. Thankfully, the Scotts were a wealthy family in Southdale, unlike Wynter and her mother.
Yvette began, “My parents are businesspeople. They’re staying at-” She was interrupted by her ringing phone. 
Arianna gestured at her to take the call. 
Yvette explained with a smile, “It’s from my dad. Then, she walked to a corner to talk to Ewan. 
Before she could speak, she heard Ewan’s urgent voice from the other end. “Yvette, your mom’s been arrested. I’m afraid she will receive a jail sentence.” 
What? The smile on Yvette’s face froze, but she tried her best to keep her composure in front of the 
Winstons. 
Ewan continued grumbling, “The company is affected by your mom’s scandal. You should take time off 
and come home for a bit.” 
“Dad, I’m too busy to come home,” Yvette argued. 
Was he kidding? Why would she head home after she had just befriended the Winstons and settled downl in Kingbourne? 
Chapte :212 Yvette’s True Colors Revealed After the Discovery of the Livestream 
Frowning. Ewan continued, “But Yvette-” 
“Dad, I’m outside now. I’ll call you back when I’m back at the dorm. With that, she hung up on Ewan, as she didn’t want Arianna to see through her. 
Arianna, however, was a shrewd woman. She lifted a brow quizzically. “Family issues?”
“No, nothing like that,” Yvette instantly denied. Arianna did not press on because she was tired after a day of dealing with Clyde’s heart attack. 
After some small talk, she instructed the family driver to send Yvette back to campus. Before Yvette left, Frona advised her to nurture her connections with the Winstons. 
Yvette agreed with Fiona absentmindedly while scrolling her phone. The more she read, the more upset she became. 
Panic surged in her when she clicked into Empathy Clinic’s livestream and found that the channel had 788,000 followers and counting. 
When did Wynter start livestreaming? And since when did she garner that huge amount of followers? How could Ewan not tell her about Wynter’s popularity? Instead, he provided her with useless updates about 
Wanda’s arrest. 
Given the popularity of Wynter’s livestream, the whole world would hear about Ewan and Yvette’s despicable actions soon. Knowing Wynter, she’d only add fuel to the fire. 
Before she left for Kingbourne, she had reminded Wanda to keep an eye on Wynter’s movements and immediately update her if anything unusual happened. 
Not only did no one update Yvette, but Wynter and her business took off while Yvette wasn’t around.
###chapter213
Chapter 213 No Help for Wanda and Family but They Deserved It 
Yvette seethed, Wanda had not only landed herself in hot water due to her st*pidity, but she had also dragged Yvette down with her! 
Yvette decided that she wouldn’t allow Wanda’s scandal to affect her life, especially knowing that the Yates family had met their demise. 
After she left the car, she called Ewan and asked coldly, ‘Did Grandma or Wynter create the successful 
livestream channel?” 
Ewan had never seen this side of his good daughter, which made his heart sink. He had no choice but to clutch at straws. He replied, “It could have been your grandma. I’m not too sure. It was already a popular channel when I learned about it.” 
Keeping her anger in check, she confronted him, “Why didn’t you tell me earlier?” 
“Well, livestreaming is like begging for scraps online. Your mom and I didn’t pay much attention to it at 
first.” 
Yvette was nearly driven mad. She yelled, “This is the internet era! Don’t you know?” 
Ewan sounded cross, as he had never been told off by someone younger. “Yvette, watch your tone!” 
His scolding reminded her that she still depended on her family for her allowances. Her tone softened.” Dad, I was just worried. How could Mom be so slow? She could have done anything except to fight for 
Grandma’s livestream channel.”
Yvette’s tone carried a hint of blame, but Ewan shared the same sentiment. Lowering his voice, he 
grumbled, “I can’t do anything about your mom’s situation. No attorney will take her case. I’ve tried bribing 
the authorities, but she still has to serve a one–year sentence.” 
“A year..” Yvette wouldn’t mind if Wanda was locked away for ten years, as she didn’t want to financially support a disgraceful mom. The last thing she wanted was to be associated with her mother who had 
served jail time. 
Ewan sighed. “Enough talk about your mom. How are you doing in Kingbourne? I heard you saved the life of an important figure. Is he Fabian Quinnell?” 
Yvette was familiar with Ewan’s way of poking around for information by now. Just like Fanny and Dickson, all Ewan wanted was to take advantage of her. 
Keeping that in mind, she warily lied, “No, it’s not him. At first, I thought it was Fabian Quinnell, but he turned out to be an ordinary old man–a poor relative of Fiona’s, 
“Is that so?” Ewan sounded disappointed. Soon, he changed the topic. “Yvette, since you have connections in Kingbourne, you should introduce me to Mr. Quinnell Senior after you meet him.” 
She readily agreed. “Of course I will. Dad, I’ll always help the family company before helping anyone else. 
“You’re the best,” Ewan said. “Gosh, the company is in dire straits, and the family expenses are- 
Chapter 13 No Help for Wands and any hit They Despired f
She cut him off. “Dad, I’m heading to the Quinnella‘ tomorrow. Flons said that my clothes and bags were too shabby. I might need some money from you for some shopping.” 
“Do you need money?” Ewan had trouble sustaining his own lifestyle. But upon second thought, he believed that Yvette could help with securing the Quinnells‘ investments 
He asked, “Yvette, how much do you need? I’ll transfer the money to you right away.” 
Yvette tried to sound thoughtful. “I’ll use it wisely. How about 2,000 dollars?” 
2,000 dollars was nothing to Ewan in the past. But now, he grimaced at the thought of dishing out that much money. 
Gritting his teeth, he made the difficult decision to transfer the money. “Yvette, do not forget what I asked 
of you.
###chapter214
Chapter 214 Focus on Your Exams Tomorrow 
Did the channel owe its success to Wynter or Margaret’s medical expertise? Yvette thought it was Important to figure that out. 
Preoccupied, she didn’t even return Charlie’s text. Once she returned to her dorm room, she checked Wynter’s grades on her laptop. Unsurprisingly, Wynter’s grades were in the bottom 10th of the class, much to Yvette’s relief. 
At the same time, she felt upset that Wynter could make a living with Margaret’s livestream channel without the Yates family, which was lucky Indeed. 
Yvette clenched her fists with a stone–cold look in her eyes. Regardless, Wynter’s livestream success did not matter much, now that Yvette had made acquaintance with the Winstons. 
If she recalled correctly, the Winstons were an uber–rich family who kept a low profile in her past life, and they were the ultimate winners of the game. 
Smiling, Yvette looked down on the livestreaming job and regarded Wynter as a lowly streamer whose income relied on the charity of viewers. 
Unlike Wynter, Yvette believed that she could achieve success in expensive Kingbourne with the Winstons 
help, and to be hailed as a master of medicine. 
At that thought, Yvette opened the medical book and ran her fingers through the writings with a look of greed in her eyes.
That was right. Yvette kept a little secret, with which she could get anyone to propel her to greater success in life, as she could gain insight into unknown but significant events. 
At night, Margaret waited for Wynter to come home amidst the drizzle. When she spotted Wynter’s figure, she put on a raincoat and rushed to greet her granddaughter, 
Patting the back of Wynter’s hand, Margaret nagged, “You little rascall You made me so angry!” 
Wynter comforted her. “Grandma, it’s all my fault. It went a little overtime.” 
According to Wynter, it would only take her two hours to settle the matter at hand. Alas, an unexpected incident foiled her plans. 
Lucas Keller had conducted a purge in Southdale, and she was his first target. It was all an unlucky coincidence. 
“You have a lot of ideas, but you never share them with me.” Margaret playfully pinched Wynter’s ear. Come on in. I’ll burn some sage before you have supper.” 
Wynter silently thought, “Well, according to science, burning sage is just a superstition.” Still, she did whatever Margaret wanted her to do. 
Later, Margaret brought her a bowl of soup with some snacks. “Eat the food while it’s hot. Take a hot bath 
Chopte 214 Focus on Your Exams Tomorrow 
later and go to sleep. That will put behind all the upsetting events from today. They won’t happen again.”
Margaret softly caressed Wynter’s long hair. “My darling child, you’ll have a smooth–sailing life.” 
After a busy day, Wynter hungrily wolfed down the food. The warm yellow light cast a glow atop her in the 
clinic in a cozy scene. 
While Wynter was having her soup, Margaret said to her lovingly. “Take your time. Don’t burn your tongue. 
Margaret’s gentle mumbles and the reassuring rustle of the medicinal herbs were some of the reasons Wynter refused to divulge her identity to keep living in Southdale. 
However, it’d be difficult for her to live an ordinary life now that the Empathy Clinic had shot to fame. If Larry could recognize her, she bet others could too. 
Arching her brow, she realized that she needed to speed up her plans to open her clinic chain. After all, she had promised Margaret she’d set up clinics all the way to Kingbourne. 
Refusing to engage in the topic, Margaret reminded her, “You should focus on your exams tomorrow. Don’t neglect your studies for money. Mr. Hilton will oversee the clinic chain business. He’s talked to me 
about it.” 
Wynter broke into a smile. “Didn’t you describe him as being too eager to invest in us? You said he 
seemed quite untrustworthy. Why the sudden trust in him?”
###chapter215
Chapter 215 Getting Closer to Each Other 
“I’m just a senile old lady living in an alley with nothing much, but I have you and Wolf.” Margaret beamed. “I cannot keep staying in my comfort zone in this tiny village while you and Wolf work hard out there. 
“I need to take the first step to meet people and learn something new. I cannot be trapped in this small village,” she proclaimed with a radiant look as she cast aside the sleve. “I still have lots of life left in me.” 
“That’s right. You are a brilliant, gorgeous woman. Your life is only about to begin, chirped Wynter. “In the future, everyone will hear of this doctor in Southdale who does good.” 
Her remark cheered Margaret up. Margaret scoffed. “You little rascal. You’re pretty good at making me 
happy.” 
“Well, I’m speaking the truth!” Wynter looked at her grandma with her beautiful eyes. 
Margaret, not listening to Wynter’s glib remarks anymore, cleaned the table and sent Wynter to take a 
bath. 
They did not bring up Ewan in what seemed like a tacit agreement, nor did they talk about what happened that day. They decided to put it all behind them. 
To Margarét, she felt thankful that Wynter was safe and sound. She heard from Fiona that Wanda had gotten into trouble with some prominent figure, and Wynter was implicated as well.
The incident reshaped Margaret’s views. She dared not imagine what would have happened if Wanda got her way–Wynter would be ruined for life! 
In the past, Margaret naively wanted to live her own life, but she had changed her mind since. She resolved to become stronger to protect Wynter from any injustices. 
Oblivious to Margaret’s inner thoughts, Wynter was simply glad to see Margaret walking out of the shadows of the past and socializing again. The good news brought a smile to her face even when she 
was showering. 
Her good mood lasted until she received a call from Dalton. Freezing up, she nearly forgot about her overly handsome “friend“. 
“Hello.” She casually rubbed her damp hair with a towel before tying it up with a hair claw. She explained, ” I didn’t reply to your texts because I was busy today.” 
Dalton responded with dead silence, as though his soul had been sucked out of him. He then let out a soft sigh. 
In a seductively low and melodious voice, he said to her, “I heard everything that had happened to you. How do you feel now? Did they give you trouble?” 
“No. Everything’s fine.” Wrapping the towel on her head, she proceeded to chew on a piece of candy. “It’s just that the delivery of your medicine will take two days longer.” 
He replied flatly, “The medicine is not what’s important. Had I been in Southdale, I would have “His 
ser to Each Diner 
voice trailed off.
Even though he did not say it aloud, she could guess his thoughts. He probably wanted to say that such a thing wouldn’t have happened if he were in Southdale. 
“I can take care of my own matters,” she blurted out instinctively. 
He let out a slightly sarcastic and self–mocking chuckle. “Right. Dr. Genius is awesome. She doesn’t need me at all.” Was he upset? 
She stopped in the middle of chewing the candy. “You 
“Your grandma told me that you have exams tomorrow.” He shifted the topic. All his emotions suddenly 
dissipated. “Any subjects you need help with?” 
She replied nonchalantly, “I don’t know a thing about all the subjects. Can you teach me everything now?” 
“Sure.” Dalton leaned against his chair with an indifferent, yet intimidating, look. He placed the diamond 
fountain pen on the table before scanning the faces of the important businessmen in front of him. 
He lied to her with a straight face, “I was just done with work.”
###chapter216
Chapter 216 Video Call of the Two 
Max was speechless hearing that. Dalton treated them as if they didn’t exist. 
Wynter thought for a moment. “I do have a question.” 
“Alright, hold on.” Dalton looked at the man sweating profusely before him. “You can leave now. I want to see the results by tomorrow.” 
Wynter could hear faint noises coming from the other end of the line. Though it wasn’t very clear, it sounded oppressive. 
The person talking to Dalton seemed exceptionally respectful toward him. He even spoke with a sense of fear. “Yes, Mr…” 
Wynter didn’t catch the last word clearly. But by the time she snapped out of it, the call had switched to a video call. It was a sudden call from him, but she didn’t decline it. Wynter was always casual, treating voice and video calls similarly. 
Soon, Dalton appeared on the screen. He was dressed in a black suit with his long legs crossed in an executive chair as if just finishing a meeting. His tie was slightly loosened, revealing a little of his chest, which looked seductive. 
As the video call connected, he raised his head, showing his handsome face. “What do you want to ask?” he asked while leaning back. As his voice was husky, it drew people in. 
Wynter gasped again at the allure of his looks. Facing him was different from just hearing his voice. She felt a rush through her veins whenever she laid eyes on him. A desire to possess him stirred within her. Suppressing her thoughts, Wynter met his gaze.
Dalton, however, looked away. He said gentlemanly yet aloofly, “Your shirt.” His voice had a hint of unusual hoarseness. 
Shirt? Wynter lowered her gaze, realizing her white T–shirt was slightly transparent after her shower. It was clinging to her collarbones, which indeed might not have been suitable for public viewing. 
As she raised an eyebrow, she took down the towel and removed the hair tie from her head, letting her long hair fall freely over her shoulders. 
With her exquisite features, the mole under her eyes added a hint of innocence and mischief 
to her charm. 
During the process, Dalton kept his eyes low, idly playing with his red beaded bracelet. He was acting as though he was unaffected by whatever was happening on her end. 
He looked like a calm business tycoon on the outside, but his fingers playing with the beds betrayed his anxiety. His deep eyes were indecipherable. 
He thought that she would look great in a bodycon dress, maybe a light green one with the dress wrapped around her body…. 
“Done.” Wynter casually tapped her phone. 
Only then did Dalton redirect his gaze. When he saw her current look, there was a pause. However, he quickly regained his composure. “Okay” is slightly hoarse voice sounded restrained yet deep. 
This made Wynter suspicious. “Did you not get enough rest again? Is your cough getting worse?” 
Dalton suddenly chuckled. “Only you would think my cough is the issue,”
“What?” Wynter couldn’t hear clearly, so she turned up the volume on her phone. 
Dalton looked at her. Indeed, his throat felt a bit itchy, and a light cough escaped. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “Remember to take your medicine.” 
“I know, Dr. Genius.” His tone held a touch of helplessness. 
Wynter was always straightforward. “Was it you who asked for the Yarwoods to help me?” 
Dalton didn’t deny it. “Yes.” 
Wynter tapped her fingers on the table, smiling. “Just how close are you and Mr. Yarwood?”
###chapter217
Chapter 217 Their Entanglement Has Begun 
Dalton stopped fidgeting with his beaded bracelet. But instead of answering, he asked, ‘ Why?” 
“It feels like he’s doing everything for you. Does he owe a debt to the Quinnell family?” Wynter asked. 
“Well,” Dalton answered, “he does.” 
Wynter rested her chin on her hand. “Then ask him to remove the Defensive Shield icon for me.” 
Dalton paused, pretending to be puzzled. “Defensive Shield?” 
Thinking he might not have known, Wynter explained, “It’s an icon that appears on my livestream channel when I receive a big tip. It doesn’t suit my aesthetic.” 
Dalton chuckled softly. “Why not ask the administrator to handle it?” 
Wynter, rarely emotional, pouted slightly. “The administrator only sends me automated responses, and the moderators haven’t addressed it. I think it’s probably because the tip amount is significant, and they fear upsetting a major client.” 
Dalton asked slowly, “Isn’t receiving tips a good thing?” 
“It is, but I’m not used to being bound like this.” Wynter was really bothered by the icon. It had two hearts, and it would easily increase the intimacy status. 
Dalton seemed to ponder for a moment before gradually smiling. “I don’t think I can help you with that.” He was right. Asking the boss to remove the Defensive Shield icon could have been seen as unreasonable. 
Wynter didn’t pursue the topic further. “I’ll figure something out.”
Dalton hoped otherwise. He fidgeted with the beads on his fingers, realizing that the livestream platform’s security needed further upgrades. In particular, icons like Defensive Shield couldn’t simply disappear. 
That evening, several executives of the livestream platform received notifications. The focus was on the Defensive Shield icon and the streamer’s need to cater to VIP users. 
Normally, Dalton wouldn’t concern himself with such trivial matters. The executives were now quite confused. What should be reported to the CEO, and what shouldn’t? With the time difference, their conversation didn’t last long. 
Furthermore, Margaret soon entered with a blanket, urging Wynter to sleep. Dalton, being Tactful, ended the video call. 
But just before hanging up, his final words were unexpectedly intimate. “I’ll be back soon.” It sounded like what a boyfriend on a business trip would say to his girlfriend. 
Wynter’s heart felt inexplicably stirred. Ultimately, it was his captivating voice and handsome face that caused this reaction. If it were someone else, she probably wouldn’t think much about it. 
Ever since the day she bit him, she often recalled that moment. His face would even appear in her dreams. 
It felt like they had known each other for a long time. He felt very familiar to her. However, she couldn’t recall why. Wynter fell asleep under the warmth of the freshly sun–dried blanket. 
This was probably how the elders in every family treated the youngsters. No matter what the youngsters encountered outside, coming home meant entering a comfortable and clean environment.
Seeing Wynter staring at her, Margaret thought she was afraid of the dark, just like in her childhood. She fanned Wynter and started telling stories to her. This was rare for Wynter. After all, she knew those stories better than anyone else. 
The next day, Wynter was still half–asleep when she was pulled up. Her long hair was tousled. She rubbed her eyes, planning to continue sleeping. However, Margaret wouldn’t 
allow it. 
She tugged on Wynter’s arm. “Hurry! Mr. Lopez said you must take the test today! The whole school is waiting for your results!”
###chapter218
Chapter 218 Wynter Will Perform as Usual 
Chapter 218 Wynter Will Perform as Usual 
Margaret didn’t care about others‘ opinions, but schooling was a non–negotiable. Everything else could wait, but knowledge could not. 
Margaret disliked hearing people say that it would be useless for girls to study so much and that the money should be spent on boys instead. If Wynter did well this time, she might actually get into a good college. 
Wynter hadn’t even washed up yet, but Margaret seemed to foresee a bright future for her. Her good granddaughter shouldn’t have to be stuck in this small village, enduring the disdain of those people. She should be allowed to break free. 
“Wynter, listen to me. I’ll manage the store, and I won’t go easy on the Yates family either. Just focus on your test and don’t stress.” 
Wynter could tell how much Margaret valued this test, as the latter even put a four–leaf clover in her pocket. It was a folk practice believed to bring good luck. 
Wynter had originally planned to hide her abilities and aim for an average score. But now, she smiled and said, “Don’t worry, Grandma. I’ll perform as usual.” 
Margaret had no idea that the last time Wynter performed as usual, she had helped someone win a lawsuit, even sending the opposing lawyer to prison. Of course, this was all a secret.
Margaret woke up especially early to make pancakes paired with hash browns for Wynter. They were crispy and fragrant. 
“Eat slower,” Margaret said affectionately. “I’ve packed everything for you. Don’t ride your bike today. Take a taxi. Got it?” 
Wynter tied up her long hair and grabbed her bag. “Got it.” 
Margaret watched her all leave. The neighbors all knew Wynter had a test today. 
When Susan ran into her, she gave her a box of pre–cut apples and stewed tomato soup. ” The lunch in the cafeteria isn’t good. Take this instead. It’s even insulated.” 
“Thank you, Aunt Susan.” Wynter strode forward with her long legs as she said loudly, “I’ll fix your lamp when I’m back after the test.” 
All the elderly folk smiled as they watched her leave. Everyone knew she had been wronged. When Margaret had trouble moving, they asked around at the police station and even submitted a joint appeal. 
They were ordinary people who usually bargained for groceries and took small advantages. 
Chapter 218 Wynter Will Perform as Usual 
But when things went wrong, they would be united. Moreover, they really liked Wynter. 
If Wynter could pass this test, wouldn’t their little village produce a college student? Except for Wynter herself, everyone else was worried about the test for her.
Victor even brought Abel to school, having him review the key points with Wynter during lunch. Originally, the plan was to review them over the past few days, but no one expected that trouble to happen. Now they could only make up for the lost time. 
Abel was annoyed. “Grandpa, she really doesn’t need me to review this with her.” 
“Shut up! Are you so into the act?” Victor glared at him. “Why are you acting so afraid of a young lady? Grow up. 
Abel took a deep breath. He was really scared, but he knew no one would believe him. He always felt that there was something evil about Wynter. Victor tiptoed to check. He feared that Wynter would be late. 
He didn’t know before, but when he looked at her report card, he realized her scores were barely hitting 20 in each subject. She had rarely been to school, and when she did, she was usually late. 
Victor was afraid that the last time she scored well was because she just happened to do that set of questions before the test and remembered it. At this thought, he couldn’t help but panic.
###chapter219
Chapter 219 Wynter the Genlus Doesn’t Need Him 
At this moment, Wynter was still in a taxi, hamulling her tasks. She was the one pushing forward the acquisition of the Yates Group, setting traps and analyzing data She was playing the long game. 
When it was almost time, she instructed Larry, “Contact Ewan and let him know that Wellin Corporation will give him three minutes to hear what he has to say. 
Larry was excited. “The pressure tactic. I know!” 
A company whose market value had hit rock bottom was an ideal target for acquisition After wrapping things up, it was already 9:00 am. The test would start at 9:30 am. As Wynter got out of the cat, she was still looking at her phone. 
Moderator 007 was also reaching out to her. Knowing she had been released, he sent her several messages, expressing the livestream platform’s condolences. 
Wynter smiled faintly. “I have to thank you this time.” 
It wasn’t easy for the livestream platform to support her under pressure and not suspend her account. This was all thanks to her moderator. 
007 instantly felt that it was all worth it. “It’s what I should do. At first, I thought it was just a malicious report. But it turned out to be something so disgusting. 
“I know about Strawberry Cloud’s situation. It was really tough for her at that time. Her parents have contacted us many times. Their hair even turned gray overnight. It’s hard to watch something like that.” 
007 continued, “At that time, there was nothing we could do to help. Now, Strawberry Cloud’s account has been restored. I also followed your advice and transferred ownership to her parents, hoping they
can find some comfort.” 
Getting vindication could be difficult, especially with cyberbullying. Luckily, the truth came to light this time. 
Wynter chuckled. “That’s great.” She didn’t tell anyone that it was her who gathered the evidence. No one would expect a poor “newbie streamer” to have such power. 
Only Ivan, who was imprisoned, was terrified when he heard Wynter’s name during interrogation. It was like an instinctive response. He kept muttering, “Demon. She’s a demon.” 
His company was completely ruined. Not even a shred was left for him. Ivan would never 
forget the words that flashed across the computer screen. 
“Ivan, right? You’re doomed.” With that, his world fell apart 
The Scott family didn’t save him, and they weren’t even planning on keeping the 
entertainment business. This showed how rotten their business won. 
Ivan’s mental state was off. The officers who were taking his statement shook their heads and locked him up again. He kept saying that there was a fernale ghost outside trying to take his life and that he was safest inside. 
On the other side, the moderator was still confirming Wynter’s schedule 
007 texted her, “Is there really no way to go live today? The number of users asking for you to go live has surpassed one million. They’re all waiting for you.”
After paying the taxi fare, Wynter replied, “Maybe the day after tomorrow. I have exams to take these two days.” 
007 was shocked. “Exam?” 
“Yeah, I’m going into the exam hall right now.” 
007 almost spilled his coffee. “Okay, good luck!” Afterward, he wiped his forehead. 
Wynter was really brave. She was so relaxed, even when going into the exam hall. 
Wynter saw Victor waiting for her from a distance, with that stubborn Abel standing beside him. “Mr. Lopez Senior,” Wynter greeted him before heading in. 
Victor cleared his throat heavily and quietly approached. “Wynter, don’t be nervous during the test. If there’s anything you don’t understand, let this brat explain it to you at noon.” Wynter nonchalantly glanced in Abel’s direction upon hearing that.
###chapter220
Chapter 220 Unbelievable Speed in Answering
Abel's scalp tingled. "Grandpa, I think Wynter can handle it herself." Here it was again. That inexplicable sense of oppression.
Wynter chuckled. "You're right." With that, she walked into the building.
Victor followed, grabbing Abel's ear. "You think my foot! Do you know her past grades? If she doesn't pass this test, I'll kick you out of the Lopez family, you brat!"
Abel woke up early for this but ended up being lectured. It was Wynter taking the test, not him. Why should he be punished if she didn't do well on her test? Abel even wondered if he was Victor's biological grandson. He felt genuinely aggrieved.
Victor, on the other hand, was worried. What happened to Wynter was a rare occurrence. Most students already knew she had been wronged.
But since she had only been released for less than a day, the official reports hadn't revealed any details, nor was it appropriate to disclose any investigation details at this point.
As for what role Wynter played in the case, the official answer would only come out five days later at the earliest. Some students still had reservations about her.
"Treating patients and taking an exam are two different matters."
"Even if she's popular, she can't cheat, can she?"
"Let's see how she does on this test."
The Elmstian teacher, Ivana, had interacted with Wynter and didn't want to give up on this promising student.
To avoid suspicion, she wasn't part of the team of invigilators this time. Even Victor could only watch through a screen.
Unlike last time, when nobody cared about Wynter, this time, countless eyes were watching her. There were even cameras installed in the classroom. Not only was cheating out of the question but even a slight movement from Wynter would be seen.
Clinical manifestations were not included in this test. As for medical knowledge, the teachers had watched the livestream and unanimously agreed that Wynter didn't need to take another test. Her practical knowledge far exceeded theirs.
Physics and chemistry came last. The first subject was mathematics. When the papers were handed out, the teacher instructed Wynter, "Stay calm and take your time. Don't rush. If you're unsure about a question, double-check it."
Wynter responded casually. Once she had the paper in her hand, she wrote swiftly and accurately.
Outside, Victor was getting anxious as he watched. "Think a little longer about this question!
Sigh!"
No one knew how she was doing on the test. While some students were amazed by her speed, others sneered.
"Even the top student can't answer that fast."
"That's me when I'm guessing the answers."
Only during the final question did Wynter use the rough paper. During the entire exam, she didn't pause once. The exam was originally scheduled for two hours, but she finished it in 70 minutes.
The invigilator gasped and advised her to double-check her work.
Unexpectedly, Wynter flicked her wrist and massaged her neck with one hand, looking cool. "While I'm in good condition, let me continue the exam. I'm short on time."
Victor held his forehead in anguish. "What's she rushing for? Is there anything more important than taking the test right now?"
Abel tentatively replied, "Probably lunch."
Victor slapped him at once. "Do you think Dr. Genius is a foodie like you?"
Some students thought she was being too pretentious, while others admired her.
"She's so cool!"
"It'll be amazing if Wynter can score a CGPA of 3.5 like this."
The second subject was Elmstian. This time, Wynter answered even faster. The multiple- choice questions were a breeze for her.
When it came to the essay, her handwriting was messy, but it didn't affect her output. She finished the Elmstian paper in less than 30 minutes. This time, the invigilator looked at the surveillance camera.
Victor had already given up. He let out a long sigh. "Let her continue."
###chapter221
Chapter 221 Apearance of the Real Baghiand 
Chapter 221 Appearance of the Real Boyfriend 
Wynter didn’t need two days for the exam at all. She finished all of the tests by 100 p.m. 
Due to her answering speed, the teachers had to adjust the time for markding papers accordingly. Teachers of all subjects decided to work overtime to grade Wynter’s papers tonight. 
Wynter continued the exam until noon. The Invigilators hurriedly collected the papers and sealed them under the students‘ watchful eyes. This time, the graded papers would be made. public to provide proof for Wynter. 
After finishing the morning session, Wynter’s stomach growled with hunger. Just as Victor instructed, Abel came to take her out for lunch. His arrival attracted quite a few onlookers 
“Is that Wynter’s boyfriend? He’s so hot!” 
Abel’s look was in line with the current trends, as he had single eyelids and a high nose bridge. Moreover, he was young. He was only three years older than Wynter, making them seem the same age. Photos of them together were already circulating on the school’s online 
forum. 
“They look perfect together!” 
“Wynter’s boyfriend looks like he comes from a rich family.” 
“Guys, please. He’s related to Mr. Lopez. He must be loaded.”
In Southdale, the Lopez family’s wealth was enough to make many people feel inferior. Victor was quite pleased with this situation. 
However, Abel, as the person involved, was trembling when he heard people around him say they were a perfect match. 
“No, no, no. I’m not good enough for Wynter the Genius.” 
He silently begged the others not to put him in trouble. Didn’t he look humble enough? Where did they get the idea that he dared to pursue Wynter? Abel explained while paying for food, but he couldn’t keep up with the rumors. 
At this moment, Dalton, who had rushed back from abroad to deliver lunch, overheard these discussions. His eyes instantly darkened with cold intensity. Max followed behind him, not daring to make a sound. 
Wynter was doomed this time. Dalton had caught her red–handed cheating, making it hard for her to defend herself. 
Chapter 221 Appearance of the Real Boyfriend 
Dalton’s striking aura, from his attire to his demeanor, made him stand out significantly. Even without his bodyguards, people couldn’t take their eyes off him from the moment he stepped out of the car. There were only a few people who could park a row of cars near the 
cafeteria. 
Also, the least luxurious car in the line was a Mercedes SUV. Nevertheless, all the cars
seemed too luxurious for a vocational school. The leading car even had a black–clad butler, adding a medieval touch. 
This scene was only seen in movies. Many students stopped in their tracks to guess who this hot man was. Gasps of amazement spread from afar. 
Of course, Wynter heard them. But other than food, nothing piqued her interest. The cafeteria food was indeed mediocre. Luckily, she had the tomato soup Susan had prepared 
for her. 
On the other hand, Abel bought quite a lot. He spread all the food on the table, as though he were showing off his wealth. 
Just as he wanted to give her a sandwich, a tall figure seemed to loom over him. Abel inexplicably felt a chill down his spine. Was the air conditioning too cold? 
Before this thought could settle, he heard a sharp gasp. Wynter was still sipping her soup with lowered eyes when suddenly, a pair of leader shoes appeared in her line of sight. Immediately after, her head was gently stroked, messing up her long hair. 1 
A man’s pleasingly deep voice then came from beside her ear. “Why just soup?” He had a pleasant medicinal scent on him as well. 
Wynter instinctively raised her eyes and met his deep gaze. Dalton was still wearing the black suit from the video call yesterday. But now, he sported gold–rimmed glasses on his face, looking like a refined and dignified businessman.
###chapter222
Chapter 222 Can You Return My Girlfriend to Me Yet 
Wynter raised an eyebrow lazily. Dalton’s entrance was too conspicuous. His wasn’t only attractive, his actions were too intimate. The students in the cafeteria watched wide–eyed. Abel, who was the closest, was so shocked that his spoon nearly fell off the table. 
Dalton didn’t seem to notice him. Bent over slightly in his suit, he tucked Wynter’s long hair behind her ears and chuckled softly once more. “Could you ask your classmate to give up his seat? I brought you food.” 
“He’s not my classmate. This is Abel Lopez. He’s a friend of mine.” Wynter put down her spoon and propped up her chin with her hand. Looking at him, she asked, “Why didn’t you tell me you came back?” 
A friend? Dalton smirked slightly. Loosening his collar with one hand, he gracefully smiled. ” I just got off the plane. I didn’t have time to tell you.” 
As he spoke, his gaze landed on Abel. “Kid, can you return my girlfriend to me yet?” Dalton’s tone was calm and seemingly polite. Yet, his gaze exuded a strong sense of intimidation. 
Particularly when he looked down upon Abel like that, his eyes gleamed with a chilling darkness, emanating the kind of dignity that would tolerate no disrespect. 
Abel gulped, feeling inexplicably intimidated. “Have a seat. Please, have a seat!” This man was terrifying! 
Before Abel left, he stole a glance at Dalton’s wrist. There, he noticed beads encircling Dalton’s flawless skin. Who would wear beaded bracelets, especially in such a sinister hue?
Wynter raised an eyebrow, wondering why Abel was so timid. Dalton was pretty good- looking and amiable. She only had a problem with the way he addressed her. 
“Next time, don’t bring that up in public,” Wynter whispered. 
Dalton’s fingers paused in mid–air. His tone remained calm as he replied, “We’ll see.‘ 
The other students had already stopped paying attention to those details. Dalton’s “Can you return my girlfriend to me yet” remark was simply too awesome. 
“When did Wynter get herself such a rich boyfriend?” 
“I don’t know, but wow, he’s really handsome! His looks are exquisite!” 
“He’s probably just playing around. How could someone of his background fall for Wynter?” 
Chapter 222 Can You Return My Girlfriend to Me Yel 
However, Dalton simply sat beside Wynter and unpacked the lunchbox he prepared, effortlessly evoking envy from onlookers. 
“I dare say, if it were anyone else, they wouldn’t stand a chance. Wynter is just too beautiful. 
They complemented each other well, one exuded tranquility and composure, while the other radiated beauty and charisma. 
Despite their ordinary interaction, they seemed like a pair who would have a passionate. connection if they were truly a couple. Some students blushed as they watched them, while others were unable to look away.
Behind them, Max’s expression shifted dramatically. He wondered if his boss and the genius doctor were really together. 
If they were merely in a contractual relationship, Dalton was playing his role with an unusual level of detail. However, if they weren’t, then why hadn’t Dalton disclosed his identity to the genius doctor yet? 
Not to mention, if the group of Kingbourne socialites who were Dalton’s admirers stumbled 
upon 
this scene, it 
it would definitely lead to a big fight. 
In the past, everyone in that circle got along well because Dalton never gave them the chance to get close to him. 
However, now that Dalton had the genius doctor, Max wondered how Wynter was supposed to go against the socialites. Max had more worries than he did about his own love life. 
Abel moved to Max’s table. Even though he tried his best to hold back, he eventually blurted out, “Your boss?” 
Through broken Scandonese, Max responded, “Yes, you should advise 
– 
Before Max could finish his sentence about him advising Wynter against the folly of love, Abel gave him a thumbs up. 
“Your boss is a brave man for pursuing Wynter. It’s hard to comment, but I wish him success!”
Max was dumbfounded, thinking he must have lost his ability to understand Scandonese.
###chapter223
Chapter 223 Mr. Yarwood Can’t Keep His Jealousy In Check 
Chapter 223 Mr. Yarwood Can’t Keep His Jealousy In Check 
Inside the spacious canteen, Wynter bit into her meat stew while Dalton, seated beside her, watched. It seemed his presence was solely to deliver her meal. 
Nothing else seemed to matter to him, not even the flurry of attention from the female students who gathered to watch. 
He merely raised an eyebrow at them and occasionally cleared his throat, appearing distant and unapproachable. 
Only Wynter could get close to him. “You’re not eating?” 
“I have a business lunch later.” Dalton was unlike the surrounding students. With an air of dignified grace, he stood out distinctly, his presence commanding attention. 
On his phone, Dalton started recording a voice message. He spoke in Frendese, and it sounded enamoring to the ears. 
Seeing that Dalton was busy, Wynter focused on her meal instead. She much preferred the meat stew, chipotle chicken, and prawn croquettes that he had brought. 
Since Dalton had a weaker stomach, drinking soup was better for him. Thinking of this, Wynter passed him her tomato soup and nodded at it.
Still on the phone, Dalton smiled and took a couple of sips from her spoon. Their interaction was natural and intimate as Dalton continued recording his voice messages in Frendese, discussing business matters. 
Wynter found it impossible to interject. Giving up, she decided to not make a big deal out of 
1. it. 
Max, on the other hand, was gobsmacked. Deep in thought, he finally made up his mind and quietly took a photo of the two. With a determined heart, he sent it to Theo. 
Dalton noticed that Wynter was almost done with her meal. He got up and looked at the time. “What time is your exam later?” 
“Soon.” Wynter was satisfied with her meal, grinning. “The shrimp croquette was fried to perfection.” 
Max muttered to himself, “How could it not be? The Michelin chef is still outside waiting.” 
Dalton, however, chuckled. His intent was clear when he said, “It’s not even close to the 
medicinal food you make.” 
Chapter 023 Mr Vavood Can Keep the dealoney to Check 
“Come visit the clinic. I’ll return the favor then,” Wynter responded nonchalantly 
Dalton agreed before asking, “Are you nervous?” 
“Huh?” Wynter didn’t immediately catch on 
“About your exams,” Dalton clarified.
Wynter was lett speechless. Was it supposed to be in her character to be nervous? “Not really. “Wynter massaged her neck, looking charming while doing so. “I should be able to perform. well.” 
Dalton smiled. “No need to feel pressured. With your skills, it’s alright even if you flunk.” “Thanks. That’s very comforting,” Wynter muttered to herself sarcastically. 
It seemed like her image as a mediocre student had left a deep impression. Even her smartest patient had fallen for it. 
While she was mocking herself, Dalton suddenly pulled her polite hug, untimely and unexpected. 
lightly into his arms. It was a 
She caught a whiff of the pleasant medicinal aroma emanating from him, an oddly intoxicating scent. 
“I’m still your boyfriend, even if it’s just for show.” His deep voice was pleasant to her ears. “You don’t seem to have reservations around that kid.” 
Dalton figured out that Wynter actually treated those close to her differently, despite her seemingly aloof demeanor. This subtle distinction was especially hard to notice since it was reflected in small gestures and details. 
Victor and Abel shared the same last name, but she was much friendlier to Abel. She didn’t refuse when Abel put food on her plate, and she even commended him previously. 
Dalton shifted his gaze back to the innocent–looking Abel, betraying no emotion. “He’s too. immature. He doesn’t suit you. 
Dalton straightened up, appearing frustrated. Although he maintained a friendly tone, it lacked warmth. “You might have had bad taste in men when you were younger, but you should know better as you
mature.”
###chapter224
Chapter 224 Only Wynter Was Affected After That Day 
How dare Dalton mock her taste in men again? Wynter was not going to let him put her down. She was about to say something when she noticed him staring at Abel. 
Wynter finally understood and smiled. “You think I’m interested in Abel?” 
Dalton looked at her silently, his gaze unfathomable. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “You don’t like Abel?” 
“The Lopez family raised their children well,” Dalton answered indirectly. 
Wynter chuckled. “So you don’t like him? Abel is a kind man. He’s naive and full of youthful energy.” 
“Oh?” A smirk played at the corners of Dalton’s m*uth. Yet, the frostiness exuding from him intensified. 
Wynter didn’t mince her words. “I simply regard him as a younger brother.” 
‘A younger brother?” Dalton thought to himself. As he pondered over the meaning of her words, the cloud of darkness shrouding his gaze disappeared. 
Dalton had acted out of character. He blamed it on the scene he encountered upon walking through those doors, nearly causing him to lose his composure. 
It appeared like he would have to pay an early visit to the chapel. The beaded bracelet on his wrist, seemingly attuned to his thoughts, darkened in color in response. 
“Oh, by the way.” Wynter seemed to have remembered something and whispered, that day…” 
Dalton raised an eyebrow. “What about it?”
“After 
“It’s nothing,” Wynter said, lost in thought. It seemed like it only affected her and not him. She was now sure about it–there was something unusual about his blood. Wynter looked up at him. “Let’s get you a blood test some other day.” 
Dalton flashed her a restrained smile. “Alright.” 
It puzzled Max greatly that their relationship sometimes felt distant, resembling merely that of a doctor and patient. 
Wynter still had to take her exams in the afternoon, so Dalton left her to her own devices. He even arranged an SUV for her to rest in. 
Chapter 224 Only Wynter Was Affected After That Day 
The butler arranged to look after Wynter’s needs took his job serlously. He plated up fruits, snacks, and tea for her beautifully. 
What mattered the most was that the SUV was spacious. It was the type of SUV commonly used by celebrities, offering exceptional comfort and privacy. Folding down the back seat. would turn it into a bed. 
Wynter rested in the SUV while two bodyguards and a butler stood outside. The service was so good that Abel had nothing left to offer. 
Abel told Victor about this, “Wynter’s boyfriend is taking care of her. She doesn’t need me.”
“Boyfriend?” Victor was puzzled. He swept a gaze over to them and froze. “Mr. Yarwood?” Victor exclaimed to himself. 
Abel was still oblivious to the situation. “Grandpa, what’s wrong?” Didn’t he say he was going to see Wynter? Why was he just standing there? 
“Watch your words next time!” Victor had turned around to face Abel and rebuked him sternly, “What do you mean boyfriend? That man is Wynter’s patient. He’s not your ordinary person. 
“If you spread such baseless rumors again, I’ll make sure you won’t be able to talk again!” 
That man was Dalton Yarwood for God’s sake! Abel must have been crazy to spread such baseless rumors! 
Abel muttered to himself, “Rumors? The man said it himself. 
“Old stickler! He must think it would be detrimental to Wynter’s reputation to have a boyfriend at her young age.” But Abel chose not to expose his old man’s thoughts.. 
Victor, on the other hand, couldn’t calm down. If Dalton himself was willing to travel to their secluded school to be treated by Wynter, that meant that once Wynter passed her exams, even more important figures would be visiting! 
The more Victor thought about it, the more excited he became, urging the invigilators to set 
up 
their schedules well. 
well.
Meanwhile, inside the SUV parked under the shade of the trees, Wynter heard a man giving out orders softly before drifting to sleep. It was already 1:50 p.m. when she woke up. 
The butler prepared a basin of water for her to freshen up before passing her a freshly brewed Americano. The aroma of coffee always helped to clear minds. 
“Where is he?” Wynter asked casually while sipping on her coffee.
###chapter225
Chapter 225 Theo Found Out That Dalton Is Dating 
The butler answered politely, “Dr. Genlus, Mr. Yarwood is currently in a meeting. He mentioned that you can call him on his private number once you wake up. He’ll make sure to 
answer. 
“That won’t be necessary I won’t disturb his meeting” Wynter continued with a smile,” I’m leaving to take my exams now. Thank you for the coffee. It’s very good‘ 
The butler smiled. “It’s my pleasure to serve you.” He found it remarkable that the genius doctor remained this calm and composed even after being cared for so attentively by Dalton. 
Wynter arrived at the examination hall five minutes early. She was usually less sharp during afternoon exams. But since she had rested exceptionally well, she answered the questions even faster than she did in the morning session. 
By 4:00 p.m., Wynter had submitted the papers for all of her subjects. The invigilators had been waiting for her to finish her last question. 
After collecting the papers, Victor announced over the PA system that Wynter’s results would be posted on the bulletin board the next morning and that interested students could head over there to check. 
Meanwhile, Theo had received Max’s message. 
He had been contemplating how to gracefully decline the persistent advances from esteemed families seeking marriage alliances. Thus, Max’s message came as a delightful surprise. 
Looking down at his phone, he announced calmly, “I really can’t do anything about it. It’s because my grandson is already taken.”
“He’s taken?” 
At a prestigious banquet in Kingbourne, a frenzy erupted among the attendees. 
“Since when did Mr. Yarwood start dating?” 
“It must be a lie. How could Mr. Yarwood… He even broke off the engagement with the Quinnells.” 
“Mr. Yarwood Senior said it himself. He can’t be lying!” 
As the socialites whispered among themselves, their discussions gradually reached Naomi’s 
Chapter 225 Theo Found Out That Dalton Is Dating 
ears. 
Naomi had come with Lydia. Both of them were dressed in formal gowns. Yet, their styles were starkly different. They were holding hands as their conversations were intersped by laughter. 
Showing no sign of her previous haughtiness in Southdale, Naomi appeared pure and innocent as she stood next to Lydia. When she heard about the news, her bright eyes 
dimmed. 
“It’s Naomi, stop talking.” 
There wasn’t a single lady from a prestigious family who wasn’t interested in the young head of the Yarwood family. However, none of them dared to act on their feelings. 
Despite being of the same age, Dalton always seemed unattainable. There were hardly any ladies like Naomi. She was just like an innocent lad
and her crush was an open secret to 
everyone. 
Seeing her upset, Lydia felt bad for her and patted her shoulder gently. “Don’t overthink it. I know Dalton well. He would never let any girl get close to him.” Being in a romantic relationship especially was out of the question. 
Naomi felt a strong sense of unease, but she couldn’t rush things. She bit her l*p and said, It’s okay if he’s in a relationship. I’m fine as long as I can watch him from afar. 
“I- I don’t expect him to notice me either.” The more Naomi put it that way, the more others felt sorry for her. 
The other socialites expressed their willingness to help her. Compared to an “unknown” person who popped out of nowhere, they would definitely stand by Naomi’s side. 
At the very least, she was the Quinnells‘ little princess. They didn’t even know who the other party was. 
However, Lydia frowned at this, keeping her thoughts to herself. If Dalton had really gotten himself a girlfriend, then he must have chosen her himself. Nothing could influence his decision, except for his preferences. 
She had been rooting for Naomi because Dalton was single then. But if he was truly in a relationship now, it wouldn’t be appropriate for Naomi to continue with her behavior. 
It was one thing to have a crush, but it was another to pine after someone else’s man. 
Yet, from everyone’s reaction, it appeared like they hadn’t realized their wrong behavior. How could they continue backing Naomi and belittle a girl they hadn’t even met? It was truly strange…
Ch
###chapter226
Chapter 226 Wynter Values Her Career Over Men 
Meanwhile, Wynter had just completed her exams, unaware that she had become the center of attention among the elite socialites of Kingbourne 
After all, it was practically impossible for their worlds to collide. Wynter was a CATERE oriented woman and placed greater value on financial success than on dating 
As soon as Wynter exited the examination hall, she got back into the SUV where Larry went over the details of the acquisition with her. 
“We can lower the price a little more.” Wynter then drew a circle as she continued, “Retain the Yates Group’s operations manager, Zoey Simmons, and fire everyone else.” 
Larry nodded in response. “I’ll make the necessary arrangements.” 
“There’s no rush.” Still seated in the car, Wynter rested her chin on her hand and fiddled with her purple sugilite pendant. 
“You can make your move once Ewan is out of options.” 
Before long, her words manifested. The Yates Group plunged into a full–blown crisis. Yesterday, it was their partners who turned their backs. Today, even the four major banks refused to extend them loans. 
Instead, loan sharks came knocking, which troubled Ewan deeply. “You’ve fallen from grace, but you’re still trying to act like the president? Please, even beggars won’t spare you a second look.” 
“Get lost!”
Ewan’s ashtray was smashed into pieces. To make matters worse, the cleaners kept pressing for their wages, and the finance department could only respond with a sneer. 
“Wages? Even we’re not getting paid, let alone you guys!” 
With Margaret sidelined, the talents of the Yates Group had all left the company, leaving only Zoey persisting bitterly. 
She stormed into Ewan’s office. “Returning the management rights to Madam Margaret is the best course of action to appease the public now. 
Ewan flew into a rage at her words. “Never! The Yates Group belongs to me! She refused to relinquish control when she was younger. Even on her deathbed, she still won’t let up? Dream on!” 
Zoey took a deep breath. “You’re not going to return it? Are you just going to watch the Yates Group go bankrupt? What about the employees who have been with the company for over a decade?” 
“They can do whatever they want!” Ewan continued ominously, “Zoey Simmons, I know you’ve always been dissatisfied with me. My mom valued you the most as her successor at the time. Keeping you in the company was her way of going against me!” 
Clutching her employee ID tightly, Zoey snapped, “You and Madam Margaret are 
incomparable! If it wasn’t for the sake of the Yates Group, I would have left long ago! But now, I quit! I’m done serving you!” 
All the effort Zoey had put into business discussions and attending business dinners over the years had all gone down the drain thanks to that good–for–nothing, ungrateful scoundrel. With Zoey’s departure, the Yates Group lost its final hope.
Ewan thought about asking Yvette for the 2,000 thousand back first, but he couldn’t reach her on the phone. He told himself that she must have missed his calls because she was still 
in class. 
Ewan was feeling at a loss when someone from Welkin Corporation suddenly called. “Mr. Hilton is willing to spare you a few minutes to hear you out.” 
“Thank you very much! I’ll be right over!” Before Ewan could get up, he heard Larry’s voice on the other end of the call. 
“That won’t be necessary. We can talk over the phone. I have other meetings to attend to.” 
Feeling the pressure, Ewan stuttered as he spoke. Little did he know that he was actually dealing with Wynter, and Larry was merely conveying her intentions. 
“The Yates Group is saddled with debt exceeding 100 million dollars. We simply cannot afford to help out.” Ewan’s heart sank at this. 
“However,” Larry continued impassively, “we’ll consider an acquisition.” 
Ewan’s expression lit up. “That works too! I’m willing to sell!” 
Back in the car, with one hand propping her ch*ek, Wynter’s eyes grew cold. She knew it. He wouldn’t care the slightest about a business he didn’t establish. 
As Wynter raised her hand slightly, Larry responded immediately, “50 thousand.”
###chapter227
Chapter 227 Aced 
Ewan couldn’t believe his ears. 
“50 thousand dollars?” he blurted out, stunned. “Mr. Tilton, I run such a large company, and you’re only offering me fifty thousand dollars?” 
Larry shrugged indifferently. “Not Interested? Sult yourself.” With that, Larry abruptly ended the call, leaving Ewan feeling utterly confused. 
Ewan had spent the whole day reaching out to all the influential families he knew. But none of them was willing to give him the time of day. 
It was the first time Ewan had felt the gut–wrenching feeling of hitting rock bottom. The satisfaction he had felt when he ousted Margaret was now replaced with deep discomfort. 
Having been used to everyone addressing him as “Mr. Yates“, Ewan suddenly lost everything overnight. 
Feeling overwhelmed by the pressure, especially with debts looming and over a hundred employees waiting for their pay, Ewan quickly called Larry again, saying, “50 thousand, Mr. Hilton! 
“I’m ready to sell! But I need to sign the deal right now!” 
With each day that went by, Ewan felt the weight of his problems piling up. Taking the money and leaving seemed like the smartest choice. 
He could go find Yvette in Kingbourne. With his abilities, Ewan was confident he could make a fresh start and succeed in Kingbourne.
Inside the car, Larry glanced over at Wynter. With a nonchalant smirk, Wynter said, “Just say yes.” 
Taking her advice, Larry said over the phone, “Alright, bring all the documents to the Chamber of Commerce building.” 
Ewan was in no mood to wait around. As soon as the call ended, he hit the road. The SUV conveniently stopped at the end of the alley. 
Who would’ve guessed that after finishing her exam, Wynter would end up acquiring a company on her way home? Entering the clinic, she remained casually indifferent as usual. 
Margaret asked about her exam and how difficult it was. 
Wynter chuckled. “I think I did pretty well.” 
Chapter 227 Aced 
Margaret visibly let out a sigh of relief but ended up burning the fish while cooking that evening’s dinner. Wolf, who hadn’t been home for dinner in a while, frowned as he ate. 
At the school, the grading teachers sat together in a group. To ensure fairness, they kept surveillance cameras running throughout the process. 
As they took turns grading papers, they usually didn’t encounter any issues with scoring. 
However, the accuracy was unusually high. It was so impressive that Ivana, one of the graders, couldn’t help but pause and take a deep breath. 
“I have to ask, has Wynter made any mistakes up to this point?” 
“Not in math!”
“And not in Emstian either! 
“Her handwriting in language arts is a bit messy, so she might lose points for presentation. And there’s a spelling mistake in the recitation section, which seems like a careless error, but then-” 
Ivana interrupted, “So, apart from some minor issues in language arts, she hasn’t made any mistakes in other subjects?” 
The office fell silent. The teachers suddenly grasped the significance of this revelation. They were almost done grading the papers, with only the final major questions in each subject 
left. 
If Wynter hadn’t made any mistakes even in those major questions… The grading teachers exchanged glances. Their excitement was clearly written all over their faces. 
it was pure enjoyment. They each 
If at first, it felt like working overtime. But now, it was pure e continued to review the answers. 
The language arts teacher tried to speak, but the math teacher cut in. “Full marks! Wynter aced math! No, she’s even better than perfect! She even got the bonus question right!” 
The Emstian teacher stayed quiet, but her beaming face said it all. She’d been rooting for Wynter all along, and now her eyes practically sparkled with joy. 
As the language arts teacher kept going on about Wynter’s handwriting, everyone else ignored him. They were grabbing their phones to call Victor. They couldn’t afford to let such a promising student like Wynter sl*p away.
After Karina failed to mentor her properly and the unjust way she treated Wynter, they were committed to giving Wynter the recognition she deserved.
###chapter228
Chapter 228 Top Scorer 
On this particular day, Victor just couldn’t sleep well. He approached Abel for a chat. “Do you think Wynter will pass?” 
Abel, visibly tormented, replied, “Grandpa, you’ve asked me this like ten times already. Yeah, she’ll pass!” 
Victor couldn’t shake his worries. “Did I perhaps set the bar too high with a CGPA of 3.5? Your brother didn’t even score that much.” 
Abel, stifling a yawn, quipped, “Grandpa, you can’t exactly compare Quinton to Wynter.” 
Quinton was left speechless. Quinton remained defiant, his voice cold, “Grandpa, I just don’t understand why you’re standing up for her. 
“Yeah, they both share the last name. But compare Yvette’s grades to Wynter’s. It’s not just about being at the bottom. Wynter cheats too! 
“Remember how she confidently copied answers to those tough questions? She’s not even afraid of getting caught.” 
“Shut up!” Victor exploded in anger. “If I ever hear you spouting this nonsense again, you’re out of the Lopez family!” 
Quinton stood his ground. “We’ve all seen how she treated Yvette before, acting all different behind closed doors. Right, Abel?” 
“Don’t drag me into this.” Abel quickly waved off. “I barely know Yvette.”
Quinton couldn’t figure it out. “Abel, why do you always seem to have a problem with 
Yvette? Don’t you see how talented she is? She’s already treating patients in Kingbourne.” 
“Uh–huh,” Abel replied half–heartedly. When it came to treating patients, he firmly 
believed that no one could compare to his boss. 
Even though Wynter hadn’t replied to his messages in ages, she definitely wasn’t someone Yvette could match up to. 
Victor had never looked this serious as he warned, “Stay away from Yvette.” 
Quinton felt annoyed. He couldn’t believe his brother and grandfather couldn’t seem to see people for who they really were. 
Adding to his frustration, Yvette had raised the question in the group chat about whether the Lopez family needed her to facilitate connections in Kingbourne. Now they were all up 
Chapter 228 top scorer 
late, waiting for Wynter’s results. 
Quinton wasn’t even interested in the whole thing and was about to leave when, out of nowhere, the phone on the table started ringing. 
As Quinton was about to leave, he couldn’t help but overhear Victor’s anxious tone as he answered Ivana’s call, “Hello, Ms. Kowalski, it’s me. How did she do? I can handle it, just tell 
me… 
Suddenly, Victor’s voice boomed, “What did you say?”
“Except for language arts and history, she aced everything else!” Ivana spoke rapidly. 
“Mr. Lopez, you’ve got to figure out a way to keep Wynter. She’s not just the top scorer in our city but in our whole state! “She could easily aim for a top university!” Ivana exclaimed excitedly. 
Victor braced himself against the table, taking a deep breath. If Wynter aced it again this time, then last time… it wasn’t just luck! 
He realized that Wynter had always had this talent. She just kept it hidden. As Victor pondered this, his hands trembled slightly. If that were the case, their school would be on the brink of something incredible! 
They wouldn’t have to worry about next year’s admissions at all. Even though they were a vocational school, having the top scorer at the state level was a big deal. 
Despite Victor’s expertise, especially in the medical field, nurturing a top academic achiever like Wynter would make his lifetime worth it. 
Quinton observed his grandfather’s struggle to speak and knew immediately that Wynter had messed up. 
It was pretty obvious. Wynter could only practice medicine online. There was no way she could achieve a CGPA of 3.5. Quinton scoffed and sent a message to Yvette. 
“She messed up the exam. The old man is probably figuring out how to cover for her now.” 
“I should have shared my notes with Wynter.” 
te, you’re too kind. Even if you share them with her, she won’t understand a thing.”
###chapter229
Chapter 229 Family Reunion In the Mountains 
When Yvette received the message in Kingbourne, she finally felt a sense of relief. She noticed Ewan’s missed call in her inbox, but she had no desire to respond. The profit from the Empathy Clinic was too promising to ignore. 
Coincidentally, her family in the mountains was once again asking for money. Compared to Ewan, her true family were the real bloodsuckers, especially since they knew her secrets. Yvette couldn’t keep ignoring them. 
Fanny’s voice sounded urgent over the phone. “Yvette, when are you going to meet us? People are asking about that girl again in the village. Your father and I can’t keep living in fear. Why don’t you come to the village and take us away?” 
Yvette’s mind raced. “Mom, I remember the village chief’s son has been looking for a wife.” Bringing up this topic made Fanny uneasy. “But you were not keen on marriage, and now he’s taken an interest in you.” 
Yvette chuckled softly. “Mom, he’s simply drawn to beauty. You underestimate how striking your supposed daughter truly is.” 
“Really?” Fanny’s interest was piqued. “Then what about-” 
Yvette interrupted her. “If this marriage truly materializes, with the village chief supporting our family, no one will dare to meddle in our affairs. You’ll be able to hold your head high in town. And as for Gary, he’ll have good job prospects too.” 
“But your father and I are still keen on going to the city,” Fanny admitted bluntly. “Gary mentioned the villas there are luxurious!”
Yvette sighed deeply. “I did want to bring you all to the city as well. But now, the Yates family is bankrupt. Aunt Wanda has been imprisoned, and Uncle Ewan is hiding away. Even debt collectors are coming after me. I’m afraid I’ll only drag you down.” 
“Is that so?” Fanny was shocked. “But everything was fine…” 
Yvette put on a sorrowful expression. “That’s just how it is in the city. It’s full of uncertainties. There’s nothing like the peace and stability we have in the countryside.” 
Fanny’s expression shifted decisively as she heard this. “Yvette, you’re absolutely right. You take care of yourself. Your father and I will head to the city soon!” 
“Alright. Given that she’s now a wealthy streamer, she shouldn’t be hard to locate,” Yvette said with a sly smile. “Just search for the Empathy Clinic.” 
Chapter 229 Family Reunion in the Mountains 
“A streamer? Oh, she’s one of those popular internet celebrities we often see, isn’t she? She’s really something!” Fanny exclaimed. In this era of the Internet, Fanny was no stranger to popular platforms. 
Yvette lowered her gaze. “Yes, she’s quite impressive.” Yvette truly hoped they would suck her dry, and preferably, dispose of her altogether. 
Despite Yvette’s disdain for her biological family, she occasionally found herself 
begrudgingly admiring their cunning tactics. Once Wynter reached the mountains, there would be no escape for her. 
As the night deepened outside the window, Margaret remained unaware of Wynter’s perfect exam score. She had awakened several times during the night, eagerly anticipating the dawn of the new day.
Finally, the rooster crowed, and Wolf trembled in fear in the corner. 
Margaret didn’t even bother making breakfast. Instead, she borrowed a senior mobility scooter from Susan and intended to accompany Wynter to school to check her grades. 
Following Wynter’s past habits, a text notification would suffice. There was no need for her to personally rise early. 
Standing by Wynter’s bed, Margaret watched her with a fond smile, while Wolf tried to imitate her. 
“You all must be nervous for my correspondence college entrance examination,” Wynter teased lightly as she revved up the electric scooter and zoomed away. 
The school building was swarmed with students, all eagerly anticipating the announcement of the test results.
###chapter230
Chapter 230 The Astonishing Scores 
“Why haven’t they announced the results yet?” a student impatiently Inquired. 
“Could it be that the scores were too low and difficult to grade?” another speculated. 
“How ridiculous was it for her to ask you to kneel and apologize earlier?” someone teased. 
“Country folks love to boast, and now she’s even brought her smelly grandmother along,” remarked another. 
When Margaret heard the last comment, her eyes dimmed slightly. Wynter, on the other hand, glanced at the taunting group with a chilling smile playing on her l*ps. 
Just then, someone shouted, “Ms. Kowalski is here!” 
Ivana was the teacher responsible for grading the papers. To quiet the crowd, she promptly posted the results along with the test papers on the bulletin board. In an instant, even the air seemed to still. 
As the students gazed at the scores, their eyes widened in disbelief. Every subject had a perfect score, just as it did last time, except for one language subject. 
“Is this even possible?” someone exclaimed. 
Quinton was also present, and upon witnessing the results himself, he was rendered speechless. 
He turned to glance at Wynter, who stood beside Margaret. In an instant, embarrassment flushed across his face. However, Wynter didn’t even spare him a glance. 
Margaret, being too short to see the bulletin board, couldn’t make out what was posted. Yet, when she overheard someone mentioning a perfect score, she turned to Wynter in astonishment. “My dear, am I
hearing correctly?” she asked. 
“You should be. I didn’t slack off this time,” Wynter replied with a faint smile. “You wanted me to perform normally, didn’t you?” 
After those words were uttered, a tense silence filled the air, leaving everyone wondering what she meant. Could they interpret it as her insinuating that her previous low scores were due to laziness? 
The students were stunned into silence by the revelation. 
Meanwhile, Wynter lifted the score sheet and placed it in Margaret’s hands. “Grandma, I told you I could do it,” she said confidently. 
Chapter 230 The Astonishing Scores 
Tears shimmered in Margaret’s eyes as she gazed at the impressive scores, feeling as though she were dreaming. 
Margaret’s words came out in a jumble as she tenderly caressed Wynter’s hair. “M–my dear, let’s go home. I’ll make you something delicious!” 
At that moment, no one dared to complain about the medicinal scent emanating from them. 
Wynter scanned the crowd and said indifferently, “Whoever who just accused me of boasting, come forward. It’s time for an apology.” 
Angela and her clique, who were attempting to flee, paused in their tracks. The other students made room for them to come forward, leaving them with no choice but to stay. 
Angela and her clique were notorious for bullying others. They often mocked girls for being overweight or poor.
However, no one dared to challenge Angela’s authority as she flaunted her status from the esteemed Shepherd family. People like Wynter, who stood up to her without hesitation, 
were rare. 
The classmates were concerned about Wynter’s situation. They exchanged glances and hesitated on whether or not to lend a hand. 
“Wynter, you’ve gone too far!” one of Angela’s friends ed, jabbing her finger in Wynter’s direction. 
With a swift twist of her wrist, Wynter elicited a yelp of pain from Angela’s friend. 
Despite supporting Margaret with her left hand, Wynter flawlessly executed a kick that was both graceful and impactful, her long hair streaming behind her in the wind as the kick connected. 
“You talk too much,” she said nonchalantly. 
The girl whose hand was twisted winced in pain. 
Angela screamed, “Do you even know who I am, Wynter!” 
“I’m not interested to know,” Wynter replied casually. 
Angela glared at her fiercely. “You’ve crossed the line, Wynter! The Shepherd family will make you regret this!” 
“Oh,” Wynter responded disinterestedly. “So you 
trying to weasel out of apologizing. 
You’ve got quite thick skin.” Wynter’s words had a knack for getting under people’s skin.
Chapter 230 The Astonist 
Angela’s chest heaved with frustration. To make it worse, she had to endure the stares of their surrounding classmates. 
At that moment, she wished she could vanish into thin air. She was so overwhelmed by embarrassment that she covered her face as she fled,
###chapter231
Chapter 231 Her Biological Parents 
Chapter 231 Her Biological Parents 
Wynter paid no attention to Angela and her clique. Instead, she found herself surrounded by classmates. Some offered congratulations, while others looked on with envy. 
Someone even said, “Wynter, I’m sorry for misunderstanding you before.” Wynter brushed off such remarks with a smile. 
With the announcement of the results, her classmates grew more eager to engage with her 
They inundated her with questions about her study techniques and how she consistently aced even the toughest questions. Wynter didn’t hold back and wrote down her problem- solving strategies on the blackboard for everyone. 
As her classmates witnessed her explanations, they were enlightened, and in no time, their address for her changed from “Wynter” to “Wynter the Genius“. 
In less than half an hour, Wynter had amassed a group of admirers. Quinton was present throughout, and he was utterly dumbfounded by what he witnessed. 
He reached for his phone, intending to text–Yvette, but found himself at a loss for words. The Wynter he saw was nothing like the one Yvette described. 
She radiated such brilliance, like a beacon of light, drawing people naturally to follow her 
lead.
His grandfather had once remarked that such a commanding presence was a trait only acquired by those seasoned in wisdom. Yet, Wynter possessed it at such a young age. It left Quinton’s inner world in disarray. 
Margaret’s heart brimmed with joy as she watched her radiant granddaughter. After all, Wynter didn’t have many friends at school, and she was always isolated. 
Fortunately, things had turned around. Wynter’s classmates now surrounded her, showing warmth and addressing Margaret affectionately as “Mrs. Yates Senior“. They even expressed their admiration for her live streams. 
Margaret had never imagined life could hold such promise. Everything at home was improving, although the goodness felt somewhat surreal. Even as they returned home, Margaret still felt a sense of disbelief. 
Susan was eagerly awaiting the results back at Waterview Alley. She asked, “Mrs. Yates Senior, how did it go?” 
Margaret became the center of attention as she shared the news with their neighbors. When 
Chapter 231 Her Biological Parents 
she told them about Wynter’s results, Warren was so astonished that he almost dropped his 
“What did you say? A CGPA of 4.07” he exclaimed. Margaret nodded with delight. 
“The highest achiever from the neighboring St. Holland High School only scored a CGPA of 105. Wynter is on track for Northorn University! That’s incredible!” 
“Mrs. Yates Senior, this child mustn’t be held back!” Warren insisted.
Margaret took her neighbors‘ words to heart. Considering her family’s financial struggles, they hadn’t prioritized education. 
Margaret had witnessed numerous families relocating to Kingbourne for the sake of their children’s education. 
She feared that Wynter’s exceptional results might go to waste in Southdale if anything went wrong. She thought deeply about this matter and decided to call Victor for advice. 
Upon hearing Margaret’s concerns, Victor responded, “If you hadn’t called today, I still would’ve reached out to you. Margaret, Wynter is gifted. 
“While Southdale is alright, it’s somewhat restricted. I was surprised by her grades yesterday. Initially, I considered keeping her at the medical academy as a representative…” 
He paused briefly before adding, “But I can’t be selfish. I’ll make the arrangements in Kingbourne and focus on getting Wynter transferred. With less than half a year until the entrance exam, there’s still time.” 
Margaret was thankful to have such a decisive friend in Victor, whose actions showed his unwavering support. 
However, Wynter was unaware that both Victor and Margaret hoped she would transfer to Kingbourne. 
With an impeccable memory, she would thrive regardless of the environment. Her true passions laid in mergers and acquisitions, as well as in healing others. 
As Welkin Corporation expanded its portfolio, Gregory, the head of external affairs in Kingbourne, was in high spirits.
The secretary asked him, “Mr. Wollen, why are you so happy today?” 
Gregory chuckled, “I sense the return of an old friend.” 
It was obvious who the old friend was. When Wynter returned to Kingbourne, those old buddies of hers would surely be overjoyed! 
Chapter 231 Her Biological Parente 
Without confirming anything. Wynter signed the acquisition agreement and proceeded to clean her equipment in preparation for tomorrow’s live stream. 
Suddenly, a voice with a rural accent came through “I wonder if we’ve found the right place, dear. Is this the Empathy Clinic?”
###chapter232
Chapter 232 Were They Truly Her Parents 
Wynter glanced up to see a humble couple standing at the door, carrying bundles of belongings and appearing dusty from their journey. Wynter paused her actions and replied, ” 
Yes? 
The woman’s face lit up with joy. “Do you know Dr. Genius?” 
“That’s me. And you are- 
But before Wynter could finish her sentence, the woman covered her m*uth and burst into tears. “Wynter, my dear, we’ve finally found you!” Tears streamed down her face. Her cries were so heartfelt that they were almost choked. 
As the commotion drew the attention of the neighbors, they gathered around to see what was happening. 
“What’s going on?” someone asked. 
“Are these Wynter’s biological parents?” another neighbor inquired. 
Wynter, standing in the center, hesitated for a moment, then looked back at the couple. 
The man, with a weathered face and a humble demeanor, spoke up, “Your mother has been longing for you. She feared she might never see you again. We traveled all night just to find you.” 
“Why are you telling her this?” The woman nudged the man, her eyes brimming with tears. Witnessing this scene, the neighbors couldn’t help but feel moved. 
Wynter spoke up, “Please, come inside.”
The couple remained timid, and even after entering, they didn’t look around. They truly embodied the essence of simple mountain folk. Wynter brewed tea and offered them fruits and snacks, which the couple politely accepted. 
Margaret couldn’t bear to see their discomfort. “Treat this as your own home, don’t be shy.” Wynter remained silent, idly playing with her teacup as she drifted into deep thought. 
The woman turned to Margaret with gratitude. “Thank you for looking after Wynter all this time. We’re truly indebted to you!” 
Before she could kneel, Wynter intervened with a gentle smile. “I’ll repay Grandma’s kindness. You both must be tired from your journey. Let’s sit and chat.” 
fumpter 48 ware Thuy Tory Her Therents 
“okay ” The woman extended her hand tentatively toward Wynter’s face. However, apprehensive of Wynter’s possible rejection, she witlofrew her hand “You’ve grown so much! When you were little, you were so cute, obedient, and fate” 
Wynter’s memory was fragmented, leaving her curious about whether the events of the past were intentional or accidental to she asked the woman for more detalls, wanting to fill in the gaps. 
The woman recounted the events clearly “It was raining heavily that day, and Mrs. Yates and I were both at the same clinic, ready to give birth. Then, a mountain disaster struck, and the clinic was plunged into darkness. We couldn’t see anything…” 
In the chaos, the nurses accidentally switched the bables of two familles. This aligned perfectly with what Wynter had discovered herself. The detalls matched so well that it left Wynter with an indescribable feeling.
The woman looked at her, appearing somewhat uneasy, “Wynter, don’t overthink it. Though we live in a remote mountain area, our family is not poor. We won’t burden you. I just wanted to see you. 
The compassionate Margaret couldn’t bear to see this. Her eyes welled up with tears. The woman even lowered her head and patted the luggage by her side. “I brought some money for you. Your father brought mushrooms from the mountains. You and your grandmother can either eat them or sell them.” 
The man nodded and said, “Yes, yes, yes.” 
The couple appeared to be unfortunate parents in search of their daughter, and everything about them seemed genuine and sincere. 
That evening, Margaret insisted on hosting them for dinner, and the atmosphere in the yard became especially lively. Amidst the meal, the topic of their delayed arrival was broached. The woman laughed bitterly and said, “Her younger brother fell ill, and was diagnosed with acute pneumonia. We couldn’t risk traveling until he was discharged from the hospital.” 
lit up. “Wynter has a younger brother?” Margaret’s 
eyes 
The woman nodded, “Yes. He wanted to visit his sister. Despite his health condition, he insisted on coming along. But the doctors said he still needs treatment.” 
Margaret frowned. “He still needs treatment?” 
The woman fought back tears, her voice strained. “It’s nothing serious. It’s just that he really wants to see his sister.” 
Chapter 232 Were They Truly Her Parents
Hearing this, Wynter’s gaze locked onto her, as if she could see right through her…. 
#Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
###chapter233
Chapter 233 Unraveling Her Origins 
The man’s nudge silenced the woman, but the teary glearn in her eyes betrayed the turbulence lurking within their home. Margaret’s heart swelled with empathy for them. 
She turned her gaze toward Wynter, who was tapping her fingers on the table in a rhythmic pattern, lost in her own thoughts. 
After dinner, Margaret suggested they stay the night. However, the couple declined, mentioning they had already found a nearby inn. Before leaving, they left a parcel for Wynter. 
Margaret couldn’t shake her concern, even finding herself unable to focus on the television shows. “Your brother is seriously ill,” she mentioned. 
“Sounds like it,” Wynter replied. Lost in thought, she habitually twirled her teacup with her fingertips. 
Margaret straightened her posture and suggested, “Wynter, let’s make a trip to Havenlight County to visit your brother.” 
“Alright,” Wynter responded, her smile serene. “You’re right. It’s time we visited him.” 
The parcel left by the couple included their identification, leaving Wynter pondering whether it was an oversight or a deliberate gesture. Regardless, Wynter knew she had to unravel the mysteries of her past. 
Back then, with scarce internet access and few locals of Havenlight County exploring outside their vicinity, Wynter’s investigation led her only to the Empathy Clinic. 
Upon reflection, the Paradise Village in Havenlight County did seem rather peculiar. It was a place so elusive that even the Dark Web Alliance couldn’t penetrate.
Wynter’s l*ps curved into a smile. “I’ll give them a call later.” 
Margaret didn’t detect anything out of the ordinary. She tenderly ran her hand through Wynter’s hair. “From now on, you’ll have your parents to take care of you.” 
Years ago, Wanda ventured to the county to give birth to climb the social ladder. The landslide was indeed a significant disaster, documented and accessible even to this day. 
With the scars still visible on her belly from that tragic incident, Wanda naturally harbored resentment toward her child. Neither Wanda nor Ewan proved themselves fit for the role of 
parents. 
Margaret let out a heavy sigh. “When your mother thanked me, I was at a loss for words. The 
Chapter 28) Hiraveling Her Drigine 
Yates haven’t treated you kindly.” 
Wynter nestled her head onto Margaret’s shoulder, “Grandma, having you is more than enough.” 
As Wolf returned from mushroom picking, he stumbled upon the heartwarming sight. His eyes gleamed with a hint of jealousy as he Loo desired to join in the embrace. Margaret’s face lit up with affection when she saw Wolf. 
However, Wynter didn’t entertain Wolf’s desire, “I’ll be leaving on a trip tomorrow, so you stay here and keep Grandma company,” she Instructed firmly. 
Before Wolf could even react, Margaret interjected, “No, we’re all going together.”
“Grandma, with the recent rain in the mountains, your leg will surely ache,” Wynter gently persuaded. “When that happens, I’ll need to take care of you.” 
That was the most compelling reason she could think of. Otherwise, Margaret would undoubtedly remain stubborn. 
Margaret considered for a moment before deciding, “You can’t go alone. Wolf will accompany you.” 
“If he goes, he’ll devour all the food in the village,” Wynter joked, glancing at Wolf. 
Wolf lowered his gaze, seemingly lost in thought. 
Wynter subtly hinted, “The Empathy Clinic is popular now. To prevent any further reports, it would be best for you to stay at home and take care of Grandma.” 
Wolf confidently patted his chest, reassuringly implying, “Don’t worry, leave it to me!” Once they had reached an agreement, Wynter made a call to her parents. 
The couple questioned incredulously, “Wait, are you saying you can actually come back with us?” 
Wynter calmly responded, “I’m planning to make a short trip to visit my ailing brother.” 
Tears of joy flowed down the woman’s face as she exclaimed, “You and your brother are always looking out for each other. Gary will be over the moon when he hears this! Sweetie, call Gary right away!” 
As Wynter listened to the commotion on the other end of the call, her beautiful face stayed hidden in the shadows, keeping her expression a mystery. 
Nevertheless, a slight chuckle could be heard in her voice as she advised, “Get some rest, and I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Chapter 233 Uhaveling Her Origins 
“Alright, alright! See you tomorrow!” 
The woman’s excitement from a moment ago vanished instantly after she ended the call. ” That girl is truly difficult to deal with!”
###chapter234
Chapter 234 Tricked Back Home 
The man, puffing on his cigarette and engrossed in a game on his phone, chuckled, “Well, at least Yvette didn’t deceive us. That girl truly is a beauty.” 
“No matter what, we can’t afford any sl*p–ups tomorrow,” the woman said with a frown. ” Yvette didn’t disclose how sharp she is. Look at the questions she asked me. They were all probing!” 
This couple had been involved in human trafficking for many years, especially Fanny. She was a master of deception. It was difficult for ordinary people to see through her unless they were experienced detectives. 
Unlike Fanny, Dickson Quirk wasn’t as skilled at deception. As a result, he kept his words minimal and concentrated on transportation. 
Reassuringly, he said, “You don’t have to worry about tomorrow. We’ll take the usual route. It’s only right for us to meet our daughter, and no one will suspect a thing. 
Fanny harbored resentment. “It’s all because of that family. They’re constantly watching us like hawks and hindering our business. With so many children back then, who would’ve known which one belonged to them?” 
“Keep your voice down,” Dickson pulled her closer. “We are lucky that the village chief is suppressing this matter. Otherwise, it would have been exposed. Don’t talk about it anymore and avoid them when we go back” 
The couple bickered with each other until midnig 
The next day dawned, and before Margaret could even prepare breakfast, the couple arrived, bearing a heap of food. Inside the house, Wynter wrote a note to Wolf. After reading it, Wolf nodded knowingly.
The couple waited outsidd. Wynter packed very few belongings, with only a single black bag slung over her shoulder. 
Atop her head sat a baseball cap, taming her waist–length hair, while her attire consisted of a black T– shirt and trousers. 
Adorning her fair wrist was a purple sugilite pendant that added an elegant touch to her overall appearance. 
As Wynter emerged, Fanny nudged Dickson, signaling him to swiftly approach and assist Wynter with her bag. 
Chapter 234 Tricked Back Home 
“I can handle it myself,” Wynter smiled lightly. The couple didn’t argue over helping her with the bag. 
Margaret couldn’t bear to part with Wynter. Even if it was just for a few days, she showered her with endless reminders. Havenlight County had no access to high–speed trains, with not even a train station available. 
The only way to return was by taking a long–distance bus. The terrain was rugged, nestled amidst mountains, and bordered by a river. 
When they arrived at the bus terminal, Fanny clutched the ticket and explained, “Your father was concerned that you wouldn’t be comfortable on a large bus, so he arranged for al 
minivan.” 
“A minivan?” Wynter raised an eyebrow in surprise.
Meanwhile, Dickson was already seated inside waving to them. “Over here, dear!” 
While the exterior of the minivan looked worn out, the interior was surprisingly spacious. The back seats were folded down to accommodate their luggage. Besides the driver, there were only three of them. 
Dickson was haggling with the driver over the fare. The five–hour mountain journey cost. 800 dollars, with delivery to the village included. 
Fanny chuckled softly. “I didn’t want you to feel uncomfortable. This way, we can stop anytime for you to use the bathroom.” Indeed, Wynter couldn’t stand long rides on big 
buses. 
As a medical student, she possessed a keen sense of smell, and the rough terrain of the journey could easily trigger headaches for her. Wynter simply grabbed her black bag and climbed into the minivan. 
With w 
Wynter already settled in the minivan, the couple exchanged a glance, feeling a sense of ease. Their smiles grew wider as the minivan successfully left the city and merged onto the highway. 
Fanny glanced at Wynter and handed her a bottle of mineral water. “Wynter, it’s a long journey. Have some water.” 
“No, thanks.” Wynter shifted her gaze from the window and smiled. “I’ll take a nap,” she said. 
Fanny returned the smile warmly. “I’ll wake you up when we reach the rest stop.” 
“Okay,” Wynter said, closing her eyes. At that moment, she seemed like an innocent young
Chapter 294 Tricked Back Home 
girl who was untouched by the complexities of the world. 
Fanny exchanged a glance with Dickson, and a hint of disdain flashed in their eyes. Despite looking formidable, Wynter, like most students, was inexperienced and easily deceived. 
In contrast, the couple were seasoned human traffickers.
###chapter235
Chapter 235 Cautioning Dr. Genius 
Raindrops tapped gently against the windowpane, creating a soothing melody. However, Margaret couldn’t shake her unease. With Wynter gone, even with a full list of patients to tend to, the courtyard felt empty and desolate. 
Unlike the heavy rains in Southdale, the mountains merely cast a somber shadow over the 
land. 
Fanny’s soft voice broke the silence, “Wynter, would you like to stop at the rest area for some food?” 
“Sure,” Wynter replied agreeably. However, she made sure to bring along her trusty black bag. This peculiar action of hers caught Dickson’s attention as he stepped out of the car to smoke. 
The driver nodded subtly at Dickson. Dickson lowered his voice and said, “Let’s not rush.” 
He fretted over the thought of Wynter waking up midway without having consumed the drugged water. 
Taking any action on the highway wasn’t safe. They had to wait until they reached Havenlight County to pull over. 
The food options at the rest stop were limited, but Fanny made sure Wynter was well taken care of. To onlookers, she appeared to be the epitome of a caring mother. 
“Be careful, it’s hot,” Fanny warned as she placed a bowl of noodles in front of Wynter. 
Just as Wynter was about to take a bite of her noodles, a voice broke the silence with surprise. “Hey, aren’t you the young doctor who was gathering mushrooms on the mountain that day?”
Harry’s eyes lit up when he saw Wynter. “I’ve been wanting to find you at Waterview Alley! What brings you here?” 
Wynter had an impeccable memory for faces, so when she looked at Harry, she instantly recalled their previous meeting. “Sir, it appears your heart has recovered.” 
“Thanks to your advice that day on the mountain,” Harry remarked, his brows furrowing. Where are you headed? And what brings you to this rest stop?” 
Wynter smirked slightly. “I’m going back to my hometown with my mom. 
Though initially wary of the stranger’s sudden appearance, Fanny couldn’t help but smile upon hearing Wynter’s words. “We’re here to pick up Wynter.” 
Chapter 235 Cautioning Dr. Genius 
Harry found it peculiar. Hadn’t Wynter mentioned before that she was an orphan? How did she suddenly have a mother? 
“Hello,” Harry greeted, though puzzled. “Dr. Genius, where are you headed? I have a car. I can give you a lift.” Harry had been itching to repay Wynter for saving his life on the mountain. 
Wynter blew on her noodles and calmly stated, “We’re heading to the Paradise Village in Havenlight County.” 
However, Harry’s expression changed drastically at the mention of Paradise Village. He glanced at the woman beside Wynter as if he had something to say. However, he hesitated. 
Wynter asked, “What is it?”
“Dr. Genius, are you from there?” Harry found it hard to believe. 
Wynter chuckled lightly, deflecting the topic. “Probably.” 
“What do you mean, probably? That place…” Harry halted as he noticed the woman’s gaze shifting toward them. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow and asked indifferently, “What about it?” 
“It’s dangerous, especially for college girls and children,” but Harry couldn’t bring himself to say it directly. He had already noticed the local trafficker smoking outside. 
As for Wynter’s mother, she also appeared peculiar, although Harry couldn’t precisely pinpoint why. 
In an attempt to avoid the local trafficker’s gaze, he lowered his voice and cautioned, “Dr. Genius, it’s best if you don’t go there. That place is infested with mosquitoes, and there are many diseases. I’m afraid you won’t adapt well.” 
“Your friend is quite humorous,” Fanny remarked as she handed Wynter a piece of sausage. We’re going home, and we have medicine for dealing with mosquitoes.” 
Harry’s face turned even grimmer at Fanny’s reply. It was a coded message, warning him not to stir up trouble. 
“What’s the deal?” Dickson chimed in, appearing at just the right moment with his 
trademark humble look. As Dickson and the driver drew nearer, Harry’s eyes darted about nervously.
###chapter236
Chapter 236 Drugged 
Fanny grinned and said, “Looks like Wynter bumped into an old friend.” 
“An old friend? Well then, buddy, why don’t you join us on the ride back?” Dickson said, warmly draping his arm over Harry’s shoulder. 
Harry quickly shook his head. “No, it’s alright. I’ve got a car.” 
With a concerned glance, he turned to Wynter and said, “Hey, Dr. Genius, I’ll be taking off. Take care on your journey, okay?” Harry stressed the word “take care“, hoping Wynter would catch on to his concern. 
But to his surprise, Wynter just smiled. “Don’t worry, sir. With my parents by my side, I’ll be fine,” she said. With that, she lowered her gaze and resumed slurping her noodles. 
Seeing her relaxed demeanor, Dickson eased up. “That’s my girl…” 
Harry felt a twinge of anxiety. How could Wynter be so oblivious? However, he couldn’t say much, especially considering they were her parents. He could report the situation, but he feared it would only stir up trouble. 
As a local, Harry knew about Paradise Village in Havenlight County. It was a place known for its dangers, and no ordinary person would dare to venture there alone. 
Furthermore, the destination they were headed to fell outside the jurisdiction of any authority. Over the years, there had been reports filed, but they all ended up being 
unresolved.
Harry feared reprisal from the local thugs if he got involved. However, he couldn’t abandon Wynter, who had saved his life. He paused briefly and then turned back as if to intervene. 
However, before he could say a word, Wynter cut in, saying, “Sir, drive safe out there. Your daughter’s waiting for you back home. Go on, get back to her.” Harry was taken aback. 
Meanwhile, Fanny had finished packing and was ready to hop in the car. Wynter’s innocent smile seemed to hide everything beneath it. As Harry stood there in bewilderment, the old minivan had already pulled away. 
As soon as they got into the car, Fanny started questioning her, “Wynter, who’s that man? He seemed quite concerned about you, and he even spoke 
in our county’s accent.” 
Wynter nonchalantly propped her chin up and replied, “He’s just someone I met on the mountain once. I treated him for an illness.” 
Hearing her words, the driver and Dickson exchanged a glance. With that sorted, there was 
Chapter 236 Drugged 
no need to fret. He was merely a patient, so it was unlikely that he would interfere in their 
affairs. 
“You must be tired. Get some more sleep. Your mom will wake you up when we arrive,” Dickson said with a smile. 
Fanny was equally considerate. She adjusted her seat to make sure Wynter slept soundly.
“It’s nice having parents,” Wynter remarked with a yawn, sinking her chin into the collar of her black T– shirt as she lazily stretched. 
Despite only the upper half of her face being visible, she exuded an innocent beauty. Soon, drowsiness took over, and her eyelids grew heavy. 
When Fanny noticed her sleepy expression, she knew instantly that the medicine in the instant noodles had taken effect. Her grin grew wider. 
After five minutes had passed, Wynter appeared to have drifted into a deep slumber. Fanny waved her hand in front of Wynter to check her response. Finding Wynter unresponsive, her expression instantly changed. 
“This is driving me nuts. Pass me a cigarette, will you?” Fanny requested, skillfully reaching for her lighter. 
Dickson couldn’t help but feel a bit impatient. “How is it possible that you two manage to bump into one of her old friends even while eating noodles?” 
“Who knows,” Fanny’s heart began to race. “Could something go wrong?” 
Dickson pointed ahead. “We’re nearly at the exit. Don’t worry, that guy seems timid. Just keep an eye on her.” 
“Once we reach the village, she won’t be able to leave anyway, so why bother watching her?” Fanny glanced at Wynter again. “But I must admit, this girl has quite a charm.” 
The driver chuckled. “Can’t bear to see her go, Madam Fanny?”
Fanny sighed deeply and said, “It’s a pity.” She affectionately ruffled Wynter’s hair. “Lassie, if anyone’s to blame, it’s your striking looks…”
###chapter237
Chapter 237 The Enigmatic Village 
The village chief had already seen the photos of Wynter and was quite taken with her appearance. He made it clear that he wished to meet her promptly. 
Fanny and the others were eager to bring Wynter over as soon as possible, They knew they had to keep up the charade to ensure Wynter remained compliant. 
After all, many young women who initially resisted eventually accepted their fate after experiencing intimacy. They settled down In Paradise Village to raise farmilies. Indeed, once a woman transitioned into motherhood, her heart found peace. 
As they entered Paradise Village, Fanny Immediately reached out to the matchmaker to arrange a meeting for that evening. 
The meeting was set for that night. After all, the longer things took, the more potential for complications. 
The journey was far from smooth. The road ahead was riddled with potholes and bumps, causing the van to jostle and shake relentlessly. In terms of infrastructure, some areas were overlooked, resulting in unreliable internet along the road. 
When Wynter finally stirred from her slumber, she found the van had come to a halt. 
Fanny affectionately looked at her and said, “Wynter, it’s time to get out. Let’s go meet your grandfather.” 
Wynter’s long hair was slightly tousled, but her composed demeanor remained unchanged. She lifted a hand to her forehead. “I feel a bit dizzy.”
“You’ve been in the car too long, and the road was rough,” Fanny said, handing her a plum. ” Have this to wake yourself up.” 
Dickson unloaded all the luggage from the car. Wynter, clutching her black bag, stood gracefully by the village sign, taking in the quaint path ahead. 
“Wynter, let’s go. Everyone at home is eager to see you,” Fanny urged. Indeed, everyone was eager to welcome the victim they had brought back this time. 
The villagers were incredibly hospitable. They warmly greeted Dickson when he returned. 
? 
“Dickson, you’re back! Is this the girl you brought back from the city this time?” a middle- aged man inquired. 
“She’s stunning!” a woman chimed in. 
Chapter 237 The Enigmatic Village 
Dickson chuckled, ruffling his hair. “You bet! Come over for drinks sometime!” 
“Absolutely!” the man replied with a nod. 
Wynter remained silent throughout the stroll as if still shaking off her slumber. Her quiet demeanor put Dickson at ease. 
He preferred this version of her to the one who seemed to see through everyone back in the city. Moreover, she would have to switch out of her attire at the earliest chance.
As Dickson pondered this, they arrived at the Quirk family’s residence. Indeed, as Fanny had mentioned, their family wasn’t lacking in resources. 
At least within the village, their home stood out with its tiled roof and spacious courtyard. The yard harbored a small vegetable patch where eggplants and cucumbers flourished under the warm village sun. 
Additionally, several mother hens roamed around, and their cheerful clucking filled the air. It was the perfect picture of rural bliss, where every moment felt serene and inviting. 
The tranquil scene was shattered by the sudden appearance of two menacing dogs. Their aggressive gaze was fixed on Wynter as if poised to attack at any sudden movement. Dickson was taken aback by the unleashed dog and shouted into the house, “Gary, what are you doing? How could you leave Biggie and Brownie unattended?” 
Turning back to Wynter, Dickson reassured her, “Don’t worry, Wynter. Biggie and Brownie may look fierce, but they won’t harm anyone in the family.” 
That remark piqued Wynter’s curiosity. If the dogs wouldn’t harm their family members, did that mean she was exempt since she wasn’t officially part of the family? 
Wynter arched an eyebrow at his words and let out a chuckle. Her laughter hung in the air, causing Dickson to wonder if he had misheard. 
“Hey! You’re my sister, aren’t you?” Suddenly, a figure emerged from the house, swiftly reaching out to grasp Wynter’s hand. 
This boy was anything but a child. He was tall, robust, and appeared to be around 15 years old. 
Wynter gazed at his face and smiled gently. “You certainly don’t look sick. You seem quite healthy.”
###chapter238
Chapter 238 Cracking the Enigma Puzzle 
“…” Gary, still young and naive, was taken aback by Wynter’s words. His gaze began to wander as if it were about to betray him. 
Fanny immediately intervened, saying, “He’s just trying to act tough. His healed yet, but he insisted on coming out.” 
uph hasn’t fully 
Gary did indeed have a cold. His voice was hoarse as he said, “I’ve missed you.” 
“Alright, let’s all head inside,” Dickson said, smiling. “We’ll let Wynter try some of our home–cooked dishes.” The couple, cleverly synchronized, ushered Wynter into the house. 
an 
Inside, it was a multi–generational abode. Dickson introduced them one by one: 
grandparents, uncles, aunts, and cousins–in–law. 
Everyone else seemed quite ordinary, except for the young cousin–in–law, who was only a couple of years older than Wynter. She appeared disheveled, holding a child in her arms with a vacant expression. 
Wynter called out to her cousin–in–law a couple of times before she finally snapped back to reality. “Oh, hello,” she greeted, her voice devoid of any rural accent. 
Wynter glanced at the inside of her cousin–in–law’s forearm and teasingly remarked, ” You’re not a local, are you?”
“I…” Yarra Raine looked at Wynter as if she wanted to say something. 
Fanny nudged her from behind. “Yarra, why are you standing here foolishly? The ribs are ready. Why don’t you go eat a few pieces?” The underlying threat in her words was evident. 
Yarra immediately lowered her gaze. “Right, I want ribs. Gotta eat meat to grow tall,” she mumbled to herself. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow at the childish remarks. “Mom, is there something off about her?” “She’s got some issues,” Fanny explained, pointing to her head. “She nearly drowned once, and when she woke up, she started telling everyone she’s a college student from the city.” Wynter chuckled as she toyed with the purple sugilite pendant around her waist. “That does explain her foolishness.” 
“It’s not just that,” Fanny continued. “When she sees strangers, she cowers and cries for help. She scared away quite a few tourists previously. Did she frighten you too?” 
Wynter glanced innocently at Fanny. “A little. Her messy hair was rather scary.” Upon 
Chapter 238 cracking the Tingana Puzzle 
hearing this, Yarra slouched even further. 
The Quirks had prepared a table full of dishes. Despite the lively atmosphere, Yarra never once lifted her head. 
Seated next to her, a 30–year–old man gently coaxed, “Darling, try this dish.” Yarra acted like a puppet, obediently doing as she was told. 
Wynter’s gaze shifted toward them. Noticing this, Fanny leaned in to explain, “Finding someone for Yarra isn’t easy, but fortunately, Beny doesn’t mind. Other than the age gap, everything else is fine.”
Just then, Dickson accidentally knocked over a dish while toasting, splattering Wynter’s T- 
shirt. 
Fanny stood up and scolded, “Dear, how could you be so careless!” 
Dickson’s face flushed red as he stammered, “I…. 
“It’s alright, it’s just a shirt. I’ll change into something else,” Wynter said shyly. “Since Yarra is around my age, could she help me watch the door?” 
Wynter specifically asked for Yarra, prompting Fanny to frown instinctively. “Wynter, you…” 
“I’m shy,” Wynter lowered her eyes and explained. 
Wynter’s fair complexion, along with her long, dense eyelashes, exuded an innocent vibe that eased Fanny’s doubts. She glanced at Dickson, who nodded in agreement, before saying, “Yarra, go with Wynter, but don’t act strangely.” 
Yarra shifted awkwardly, her expression somewhat blank. Wynter didn’t attempt to hold her hand either. The two walked away, one after the other. 
As they vanished into the house, Gary trailed along, as was his custom, ensuring Yarra wouldn’t attempt to flee. 
Fanny lowered her voice. “Beny, why did you let her come out?” 
.? ? 11}}}} 
Chapter Ato Something Different
pony, she knows she’s wrong, but the ldd can’t go without milk” Beny said, popping a pot into his month. “Don’t worry, I’ve got her under control. Dragged her back from town, and now she’s clear that running off won’t work. She’s given up and says she wants to settle down with me” 
Dickson chimed in with frustration, “Beny, I hate to say it, but It’s been three years. How come you still haven’t sorted her out?” 
“Well, being a university student, she’s literate and harder to handle,” Beny chuckled. “But hey, Dickson, the girl you brought back this time is really good–looking! She seems well- behaved too. Maybe 1-” 
Fanny cut him off sharply. “Don’t even think about it! The village head fancies her, and they’re coming over soon to check her out. Wipe that lecherous grin off your face!” 
Fanny sneered, “Thank goodness this girl is dim–witted. Otherwise, with your lecherous look. I’d have to figure out a way to fool her!” 
‘Alright, let’s put an end to this discussion,” Dickson intervened. “Keep a close watch on the man Yarra brought along. Make sure he doesn’t come out.” 
Beny’s anger flared at the mention of it. “He’s just some brat who popped out of nowhere, daring to meddle in our village’s affairs. It’s really getting on my nerves.” 
Dickson frowned. “He’s no ordinary fellow. Even with ten times the sedatives, he wouldn’t go down. If it weren’t for the village head’s help, he might’ve snatched Yarra away! What then? The whole family would be in trouble thanks to you!” 
“He didn’t take her,” Beny snapped impatiently. “I checked. They’re not involved. Yarra just happened to save someone and ran into this brat. Damn busybody!”
“Regardless, keep a close watch,” Dickson warned. 
“He’s locked in the cellar, with Biggie and Brownie on watch. He won’t get out,” Beny assured his mother as he dished out more food. “Ma, stop eating just potatoes, have some 
meat.” 
The family continued their meal unperturbed, seemingly accustomed to such occurrences. Through the window, the Quirks appeared to be just another peaceful and warm family. But beneath the surface, things were quite different. 
Yarra wanted to follow Wynter inside the house, but Gary stood behind her, making sure she
###chapter239
Chapter 239 Something Different 
“Fanny, she knows she’s wrong, but the kid can’t go without milk.” Beny said, popping a peanut into his m*uth. “Don’t worry, I’ve got her under control. Dragged her back from town, and now she’s clear that running off won’t work. She’s given up and says she wants to settle down with me.” 
Dickson chimed in with frustration, “Beny, I hate to say it, but it’s been three years. How come you still haven’t sorted her out?” 
“Well, being a university student, she’s literate and harder to handle,” Beny chuckled. “But hey, Dickson, the girl you brought back this time is really good–looking! She seems well- behaved too. Maybe 1-” 
Fanny cut him off sharply. “Don’t even think about it! The village head fancies her, and they’re coming over soon to check her out. Wipe that lecherous grin off your face!” 
Fanny sneered, “Thank goodness this girl is dim–witted. Otherwise, with your lecherous. look, I’d have to figure out a way to fool her!” 
“Alright, let’s put an end to this discussion,” Dickson intervened. “Keep a close watch on the man Yarra brought along. Make sure he doesn’t come out.” 
Beny’s anger flared at the mention of it. “He’s just some brat who popped out of nowhere, daring to meddle in our village’s affairs. It’s really getting on my nerves.” 
Dickson frowned. “He’s no ordinary fellow. Even with ten times the sedatives, he wouldn’t go down. If it weren’t for the village head’s help, he might’ve snatched Yarra away! What then? The whole family would be in trouble thanks to you!”
“He didn’t take her,” Beny snapped impatiently. “I checked. They’re not involved. Yarra just happened to save someone and ran into this brat. Damn busybody!” 
“Regardless, keep a close watch,” Dickson warned. 
“He’s locked in the cellar, with Biggie and Brownie on watch. He won’t get out,” Beny assured his mother as he dished out more food. “Ma, stop eating just potatoes, have some 
meat.” 
The family continued their meal unperturbed, seemingly accustomed to such occurrences. 
Through the window, the Quirks appeared to be just another peaceful and warm family. But beneath the surface, things were quite different. 
Yarra wanted to follow Wynter inside the house, but Gary stood behind her, making sure she 
Chapter 239 Something Different 
stayed put. 
Unable to express herself verbally, Yarra communicated with her eyes, silently urging Wynter to glance outside. She hoped her message would be understood. 
Finally, Wynter glanced back but only gave a faint smile before shutting the door. Yarra pondered whether Wynter hadn’t grasped her silent plea or if she genuinely believed Yarra 
to be insane. 
The more desperate Yarra felt the more relaxed Gary became on patrol.
Little did they know, as soon as Wynter entered the room, her demeanor changed. She chewed on a piece of candy as her gaze drifted toward the window. Within the depths of her eyes, a mysterious allure lingered. 
“Biggie and Brownie? That name isn’t as cool as Wolf’s,” she remarked. 
Wynter casually lowered her gaze and swiftly changed her T–shirt. She then opened her black bag and retrieved a miniature camera connected to her phone, deftly fastening it to her shirt button. 
The receiving device, concealed within the black ring on her index finger, had extensive network coverage. Once everything was set up, she opened the platform and hit the broadcast button. 
The Empathy Clinic boasted a considerable following, especially following the recent wrongful accusation incident. As soon as Wynter went live, a surge of viewers flooded in. 
“The Empathy Clinic is finally live!” a viewer exclaimed in the chat. 
“How strange. Why is Dr. Genius streaming now? Wasn’t the platform notification set for three days later?” questioned another viewer. 
“Let’s not dwell on that! Welcome back, Dr. Genius!” a dedicated fan of Wynter chimed in. 
“Something feels off about this setting. Shouldn’t Dr. Genius be at the clinic?” another viewer pondered. 
Wynter grinned and announced, “S
###chapter240
Chapter 240 Live Broadcast of Human Trafficking 
“Something different? I still want to do live consultations via video call, sob!” 
Wynter chuckled softly. “There won’t be any consultations today. Pay attention, everyone. We’re shooting human trafficking live to help prevent it.” 
“What?” a viewer exclaimed. 
“Did I hear that correctly? Trafficking?” another curious viewer inquired. 
“Whoa! That’s exciting!” Some viewers even expressed excitement about the topic. 
“Dr. Genius? Hello? Dr. Genius, can you speak?” a worried viewer asked. 
Wynter remained silent. She muted her earphones, leaving only the microphone on. 
Fanny’s alertness sparked as she realized it had been a while and Wynter still hadn’t emerged. “Wynter, have you changed your clothes? We have guests at home who would like to see you!” she called from outside the door. 
“What’s happening?” a curious voice chimed in. 
“Is this scripted?” another wondered. 
Wynter opened the door and walked out. The camera focused on Fanny’s face. 
However, Fanny was entirely unaware of the camera’s presence. She was pleased with Wynter’s attire. “Wynter, your aunt heard you’ve returned and insists on arranging a match for you. Let’s meet them first. Even if you don’t agree, it’s okay.”
“What?” Wynter frowned, her irritation bubbling up. “I’m not even 20 years old, and I don’t intend to marry. Didn’t you ask me to come back to tenu to my brother’s illness?” 
Fanny chuckled and said, “Silly girl, I felt bad to reject them. This family is well–off, and you won’t find anyone wealthier around here. Besides, he’s a government official. Since they’re here, let’s just meet them.” 
“What’s going on?” a viewer exclaimed. 
“Yeah, something feels off about her mother,” another viewer added. 
“Wait, didn’t Dr. Genius only have a grandmother?” someone asked. 
Fanny was still unaware of the livestream. Her demeanor turned stern as Wynter disregarded her words. “Wynter, this isn’t the city. Social norms matter here.” 
Chapter 240 Live Broadenst of Human Trafficking 
“In that case, let’s go meet them,” Wynter seemed somewhat apprehensive. “But I wonder what position he holds in the government?” 
Seeing Wynter’s compliance, Fanny affectionately patted her hand. “He works in the village council. Next year, he’ll be transferred to the county. His father is the village chief. They have the surname Macintosh.” 
“But I prefer living in the city. It’s easier to make a living there,” Wynter continued. 
Fanny smiled. “Silly girl, the Macintosh family is no ordinary household. Money’s no issue.” Lowering her voice, she added, “They practically run the entire county.”
“Really? That sounds impressive,” Wynter’s interest was piqued. “Do they wield that much power?” 
“You’ll see when you meet them.” Fanny thought Wynter was simply money–oriented and believed she could easily sway her. Unlike their daughter Yvette, who adamantly refused to marry Hubert. 
Hubert, who was slightly older, was known for his flirtatious nature. However, with the Macintosh family’s wealth, marrying him promised a life of prosperity. 
Wynter and Fanny walked ahead. Yarra attempted to stop them, but she was powerless to do so. Hubert was there. He was a wolf disguised in sheep’s clothing, exploiting his authority in the village for years. 
Yarra recalled her past experiences and glanced at Wynter. She couldn’t bear to see Wynter’s life ruined, especially since it had just begun. 
“You” Yarra attempted to speak. 
However, Wynter cut her off, “Yarra, I left my bag inside Could you fetch it for me?” 
Yarra couldn’t fathom why Wynter still wore a calm smile as if she were unafraid of 
whatever was to come. 
x to stop 
“Is the girl Dr. Genius?” one viewer speculated. 
“Could Dr. Genius be in danger?” another questioned. 
“Check the livestream’s location!” exclaimed yet another.
“A human trafficking case in Paradise Village? Oh my!” 
The comments flooded in without Fanny knowing. Feeling that Yarra was hindering the plan, she quickly ushered her into the house. Inside, there was a black bag with a message written on it. 
Chapter 240 Live Broadcast of Hurrian Trafficking 
“I know what’s going on told tight. I’ll rescue you guys,” Yarra stood there, stunned.
###chapter241
Chapter 241 Lesson Taught 
Yarra’s eyes, which had long been devoid of light, welled up with tears. She dared not cry out 
loud. 
The note read “you guys,” not just “you.” This subtle distinction implied that Wynter had caught on to her hint and noticed the cellar. Standing by the bed, her heart raced. 
“My sister asked you to get a bag. Why are you taking so long?” Gary scowled impatiently.” What are you looking at?” 
Yarra’s scalp tingled, and she suddenly grabbed his hand. “Help me get out. Save me… 
“Another episode of madness,” Gary scoffed as he snatched the bag away. He rummaged through it, finding nothing but a box of silver needles and a piece of paper. 
“She looks wealthy. Didn’t expect her to be so poor,” Gary remarked with a pout. 
Yarra breathed a sigh of relief. She admired Wynter’s boldness and attention to detail. She wrote in Eranian, and not Scandonese, probably to avoid detection. 
Gary was academically hopeless. He couldn’t even understand simple words in Elmstian. Others didn’t even graduate from primary school, so this was the safest approach. 
However, Yarra was worried about Wynter’s situation, given that she was facing the Macintoshes. Yarra clenched her fists anxiously. 
She had tried to escape over 50 times in the two years she had been here but succeeded only three times. The consequences worsened with each failed attempt. Havenlight County was too vast for her to
escape. 
Given the Macintoshes‘ protection over their illicit activities, what hope did she have once she ventured beyond the village? Yarra didn’t distrust Wynter. It was her firsthand experience that made her realize it wasn’t that simple. 
Unbeknownst to Yarra, Wynter was currently livestreaming, educating the public about ways to prevent human trafficking. 
Dickson couldn’t have imagined that she would be livestreaming, and the family was still blissfully unaware of it. 
As soon as Hubert entered the room, his eyes were glued to Wynter. Even without Fanny’s introduction, Hubert knew exactly who he was going to meet today. 
Wynter embodied everything he fantasized about–long legs, a slender waist, and a captivating face. Hubert was originally reluctant to come over, but now he was glad he did. 
Chapter 241 Lesson Taught 
No one in the village could compare to him. They were desperate for wives, resorting to dubious tactics and deceiving young girls. 
He, on the other hand, had no shortage of suitors lining up to marry into the prestigious Macintosh family. But Hubert was picky. His preference for delicate and young virgins led to his string of failed marriages. 
While officially citing lost feelings as the reason for each breakup, in reality, he simply grew weary of his spouses and sought new companionship.
His father advised him to settle down and avoid drawing attention from higher authorities, especially with his impending promotion. 
Hubert found his father’s advice sensible and, taking into account Wynter’s background as a trained doctor from the city, he agreed to meet her. Now, faced with her ethereal beauty, he couldn’t help but feel intrigued. 
dear.” 
Hubert stepped forward, extending his hand toward her. “You must be the eldest daughter of Madam Fanny who went missing,” he said. “I’m Hubert, pleased to meet you, my 
“I feel sick! This is revolting!” a comment popped out. 
“Don’t shake his hand, Dr. Genius! He looks sleazy!” another viewer added. 
“He looks older than my dad! I can’t believe this, what did that matchmaker say?” 
“She mentioned that his father is the village chief, surnamed Macintosh! Please help her, @ HavenlightCountySafeTourism and @ParadiseVillageSaviours!” 
“Dr. Genius, please be safe! @HavenlightCountySafeTourism, why aren’t you responding yet?” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
###chapter242
Chapter 242 Reporting Them to the Police 
Under the dim lights, Wynter suddenly smiled. “I heard you work in the village council,” she 
said. 
“I do,” Hubert replied, assessing Wynter without taking her question seriously. 
Wynter continued, “What if I told you I was deceived into coming here? How would the Paradise Village Council handle that?” 
“You’re talking nonsense!” Fanny exploded, reaching out to grab Wynter. 
Cheryl Macintosh stepped in, clearly displeased. “So, the Quirks are trying to palm off this unruly troublemaker onto my nephew without even getting her in line?” 
“She wasn’t like this earlier!” Fanny was furious at Wynter, thinking she had been 
pretending all along. She feared that if the Macintoshes got angry, it would spell trouble for their whole family 
Fortunately, Hubert seemed satisfied with Wynter. His lecherous gaze never left Wynter. Even if she’s a bit unruly, it’s no issue. We can opt for a marriage first and love later approach, just like the trend in the city these days.‘ 
Confidently, he took a step forward. “Once you’re married into our family, even if I wanted. to kick you out, you wouldn’t leave. I can provide you with everything you desire.” 
The more isolated the location, the deeper corruption tended to run. In Paradise Village, the Macintoshes held absolute power. Even if they reached the county level, Hubert could still hold sway.
“Education, power, and future. Anything you desire,” Hubert said. Being a member of the village council, Hubert was quite persuasive. 
With a smile, he glanced at the Jenkins. “I can secure jobs for your entire family, including your parents and your younger brother. You can even choose where you want to live.” 
This amounted to securing both their future and a place to live. The Quirks family’s excitement was palpable. Dickson and Beny exchanged glances, both elated. 
Gary couldn’t contain his greed. He pulled at Fanny, urging her, “Mom, you need to convince her! I want to go to the village for school. They have plenty of internet cafes there.” 
Fanny was tempted. Even if it meant selling her daughter, she was willing to do it. She turned to glare at Wynter, signaling her to speak up. Every move inside the house was visible 
to the viewers in the livestream. 
Chapter 242 Reporting Then to the Pattee 
“The Macintosh family clearly has issues!” 
“They’re even working in the village coneill This is a big casel” 
“@SouthdaleSecurity, I’m reporting Derek Macintosh, the chief of Paradise Village, and Hubert Macintosh for human trafficlding and coercion of young girls!” 
The Empathy Clinic’s viewership surged. The online security team was already well acquainted with Wynter. 
As soon as they saw the names, they Immediately notified the police. After all, their names were still on the wanted list for major cases.
The viewers in the livestream couldn’t fathom Derek’s audacity to be involved in such illicit activities so openly. Hubert never imagined he would get himself into such trouble. 
Once someone was lured into the village, they couldn’t get out. 
Moreover, he had just heard from the matchmaker that Wynter had only one elderly grandmother in the city, who was very money–minded. Given the favorable conditions he offered, she would surely agree. 
find my offer “How’s your consideration going?” Hubert ‘smirked at Wynter. “Do you appealing?” 
Wynter’s smile deepened. “Where did you get this misplaced confidence from?” 
Hubert couldn’t believe his ears for a moment, his face stiffening in disbelief. 
“This whole ‘marriage before love‘ idea is new to me, and frankly, it’s sickening,” Wynter coldly remarked. “You ought to take a good, hard look at yourself in the mirror. With you being as old and ugly as you are, what made you think I’d even entertain the idea of marrying you?”
###chapter243
Chapter 243 Caught Red Handed 
As soon as those words left Wynter’s l*ps, the atmosphere in the room shifted dramatically. Fanny seethed with rage. Wynter’s statement felt like a direct assault on their family’s livelihood. 
“Shut up!” Fanny lunged forward, aiming to grab Wynter by the hair, 
This time, Cheryl didn’t intervene. No one dared to speak ill of the Macintoshes in all of Havenlight County, so Wynter was crossing a line. 
As Fanny was about to strike, she suddenly felt dizzy, her legs giving out beneath her. 
Fortunately, Gary was beside her, catching her just in time. “Mom, are you okay?” 
“This b*tch has completely rattled my brain.” Fanny shook her head, feeling disoriented. 
Hubert remained composed, but his eyes darkened. “She’s quite feisty, but I like that.” 
Turning around, he proposed, “Mrs. Quirk, why don’t we seal the deal tonight in bed, and save the wedding ceremony for tomorrow?” 
Hubert had never encountered a girl like Wynter before. Her demeanor was cold and aloof, piquing his curiosity about whether she would maintain that demeanor even after they slept together. 
The thought excited him, and his eyes grew lustful. “Mr. Quirk, do you have a spare room in your house?” 
“Indeed, we do,” Dickson responded, surprised by Hubert’s interest in Wynter. 
Cheryl, holding her bag, expressed her dissatisfaction. “Hubert, think this through. We can have anyone we want. Why settle for this ungrateful girl?”
“Aunt Cheryl, don’t worry. She’ll come around soon enough.” Hubert’s eyes darkened as he reached out to grab Wynter. 
Yarra, worried about Wynter’s safety, couldn’t hold back any longer and rushed forward, brandishing a kitchen knife. 
“Don’t you dare touch her!” she yelled. 
Hubert let out a scoff. “Isn’t this the beauty who just came back from my bed the other day? Get out of the way, I’m not interested in playing with you today.” 
“Don’t come any closer!” Yarra stood in front of Wynter. Her hands were trembling, but her 
wyes burned with hatred. “Take one more step forward, and I’ll kill you!” 
new growled, “You easy woman, what nonsense are you spouting?” 
“youre to better!” Varta’s oves turned red. “You’re all damned beasts!” 
Beaty surved, Hiting the child in his arms. “Try me. I’ll make sure the kid joins you in the 
“You! All of you!” Yarra’s body trembled. Even if she didn’t want to bear his child, it was still her child. 
Suddenly, Wynter reached out and grabbed her hand. “It’s not worth dirtying your hands for these parasites.” 
Hubert lost his patience. “When a woman talks too much, sometimes you just have to use 
Your tists.”
Dickson and Beny immediately understood the hint. Dickson grinned. “Mr. Macintosh, there’s no need for fists. Since we’re offering her to you, we’ll ensure everything’s in order. We’ve dosed her water, so she should be feeling the effects soon enough. Then she’ll be begging for you.” 
“That takes away the thrill.” Hubert’s gaze turned sinister as he eyed Wynter. “With her fiery temperament, it’s more entertaining when she’s sober.” 
As women themselves, Cheryl and Fanny joined in the laughter at these words. “That’s right! Hubert, teach her a lesson later!” 
“This city girl is too arrogant. She needs to learn her place here!” 
The ringing in Yarra’s ears intensified, sending her into a panic. She seized Wynter’s arm. You’ve been drugged! When did this happen? I should’ve been keeping an eye on you!” 
“It was my oversight,” Wynter replied casually, her eyes locking onto Hubert’s with a cold, eerie gaze. “As a village official, aren’t you afraid of being investigated for such deeds?” 
you, in Havenlight County, 
Hubert unbuttoned his collar. “Let them try. To be honest with you, no one dares to delve too deeply into the Macintosh family affairs.” 
“Oh.” Wynter suddenly raised her hand, a smirk playing on her l*ps. “Everyone, that’s another point against them.”
###chapter244
Chapter 244 Regrets 
The people inside the room were still clueless about whom Wynter was talking to. Meanwhile, the chat on the livestream channel was buzzing. 
“Stay safe, host!” 
Though Wynter’s voice held a hint of amusement, her eyes betrayed no warmth. “Next, I’ll be defending myself. Some scenes aren’t suitable for our viewers, so I’ll be shutting down for now.” 
“What?” 
“Oh damn, host. Don’t do anything risky! You’ll be in danger!” 
“@RiverTour, why haven’t you shown up yet? What are you doing?” 
While Wynter talked, she began undoing her buttons. 
Hubert, puzzled by her actions, scratched his head. “Are you out of your mind? Why are you talking to yourself?” 
However, Fanny’s expression changed abruptly as she remembered something. “You little devil, you were livestreaming just now!” 
“Yep.” Wynter, with her long hair, chewed her gum. “Thanks to everyone, the views were “Yep.” Wynter, with her long hair, chewed her pretty good.” 
Hubert frowned. “What livestream?” 
Dickson wasn’t entirely sure either, so he turned to look at his wife. But Fanny’s face went deathly pale. She was about to say something when suddenly she coughed up blood. Dickson was shocked.
Panic spread among everyone in the room. 
“Fanny!” 
“Oh my God!” 
“What’s happening?” 
Fanny didn’t know either. Feeling breathless, her legs were giving way. 
“The drug took longer than expected.” Wynter stood confidently, playing with her cherished purple sugilite pendant. “When you came to get me, did you even bother to check my medical skills?” 
Chapter 244 Regrets. 
Fanny couldn’t find her voice. Her hand was trembling as she reached out. At that moment, Hubert had already figured out what was going on. He exchanged a look with Dickson, gearing up to take action. 
But before he could make a move, Wynter swiftly dodged and delivered a powerful kick with her long legs, her hair flowing gracefully. She didn’t hold back on the force of the kick. 
Hubert’s knee cracked audibly as he was kicked, forcing him to kneel on the ground. Dickson tried to move, only to realize that he was experiencing the same symptoms as his wife. He felt too dizzy to muster any strength. 
Hubert, now in pain, dropped the cocky demeanor he had moments ago. Cheryl, on the other hand, was even worse off. Her legs were trembling with fear. 
“Where did Fanny find such a formidable opponent? 
“Wasn’t she just an orphan, with no one to care for her and no background? Wasn’t she supposed to be dealt with like any other student before?
“What’s going on now?” Cheryl wondered. 
“Why the F**k are you all just standing there? Call for help! Do something!” Hubert yelled. He had never felt so helpless. 
Beny wanted to help, but he couldn’t even lift his leg. It was as if his feet were glued to the ground. 
“You, you ate those noodles and drank the water! How are you okay…” Dickson was struggling to catch his breath. 
As Wynter’s eyes scanned them, her beautiful face remained serene, but her demeanor had changed. 
No longer innocent and naive, she now carried herself like a seasoned mercenary queen, her attitude relaxed. 
“Oh, that stuff? I drink it for fun sometimes too. But for you guys, does the taste of poison sit well?” 
“Poison?” Beny’s face went pale with fear. “Dickson, how does she know about poison?” Dickson was already at a loss for words. 
Wynter shrugged nonchalantly. “Don’t bother asking him, he’s clueless.” 
Dickson was indeed clueless. If he had known anything, he wouldn’t have brought Wynter back from Southdale. Now both Dickson and Fanny were consumed with regret, unable to
###chapter245
Chapter 245 Grim Reaper 
Chapter 245 Grim Reaper 
Beny clenched his teeth, issuing a warning, “I’m telling you, hand over the antidote now, or you can forget about ever leaving Paradise Village!” 
Wynter’s smile remained composed as she responded, “Who said I’m leaving? I was actually planning to take a little trip to the village council with that trash.” 
I 
What she referred to as “that trash” was none other than Hubert, whom the whole village feared. 
Yarra had been stunned into silence since the altercation began, unable to process the unfolding events. Wynter’s swift actions had rendered her speechless. 
Even someone as cunning as Hubert hadn’t managed to stand up yet. Wynter’s fighting prowess extended beyond mere technique. She was well–versed in the art of targeting acupuncture points. 
Hubert shot Wynter with a glare full of malice. “Do you honestly believe you’ll get away with this? I work for the government. You think you won’t be taken in for hurting me like this?” Wynter sneered back at him, her l*ps twisting with disdain, “I quite enjoy my trips to the police station. I’m just curious how much of a bounty they’d place on a criminal as disgusting as you. 
Despite his rising temper, Hubert maintained his composure. He secretly wished Wynter would take him to the village council to settle the score. That way, even if she had some skills, she wouldn’t stand a chance of escaping.
Not to mention, they had already dealt with the rookie who arrived a couple of days ago using their own tactics. Hubert remained silent. 
The Quirks household was in chaos. The elderly couple, Priscilla and Nathan emerged from the inner room, their eyes pleading with Wynter. “Please, dear, give the antidote to our son. Yes, he’s made mistakes, but they shouldn’t cost him his life. 
“He’s just trying to provide for the family. We hill folks have it tough. I’m begging you, sweetheart!” Tears streamed down Priscilla’s face. 
Beny’s protests continued. “Mom, stop begging her. She’s as good as dead!” 
“Shut it!” Priscilla reached out as if to grab Wynter’s sleeve. 
Nathan, however, remained surprisingly calm. He pulled out a whistle hanging around his neck and gave it a sharp blow.. 
Chapter 245 Grim Reagan 
Immediately, the two wolf like dogs in the yard straightened up with their sleek black fur shining in the night, their eyes glowed with a menacing bloodlust. Their fangs bared. The next moment, they leaped toward the house 
Yarra recognized the whistle and shouted a warning, trying to push Wynter away. 
But to everyone’s surpries, Wynter swiftly turned around and faced the approaching wolf- like dogs with a cold demeanor 
Her strikingly beautiful face seemed even more captivating Her eyes were oddly ringed with a reddish hue.
Right at the doorstep, Wynter emanated a commanding presence and an overwhelming sense of intimidation. 
Wynter just stood there, her injured hand outstretched with blood dripping onto the ground. Her long hair flew in the night breeze. She pressed her l*ps together as she uttered, F**k off.” 
Her voice was so faint that only Yarra could hear. 
In the dim light of the night, the two wolf–like dogs charging toward them suddenly stopped in their tracks. As if sensing something dangerous, they hesitated. 
When they finally faced Wynter, they crouched down on their hind legs before quickly turning tail and running away. Their fierce growls softened into whimpering cries. 
One of them, seemingly afraid of not escaping fast enough, almost tripped over itself in its haste. 
These two wolf–like dogs had been raised by the Quirks since they were puppies. The Quirks regularly fed them raw meat to make them aggressive. People in the village would go out of their way to avoid them. Never before had these two dogs displayed such timidity. 
Despite Nathan’s continuous whistle–blowing, the dogs only ran faster. He called out, Biggie, Brownie, come back here! Now!” 
But they refused to listen. It just proved that sometimes animals‘ instincts were more accurate than humans‘. They knew exactly who to confront and who to avoid. To them, Wynter was no ordinary girl. She was like the Grim Reaper.
###chapter246
Chapter 246 Cursed 
“What a day,” Wynter sighed, pulling her gaze away. Standing in the doorway, she was effectively blocking any chance of escape. 
Her tone was casual as always. “Alright, let’s cut the act. Can someone please tell me where the key to the cellar is?” 
Fanny was now barely clinging to life. Regret was evident in her eyes. Nathan scowled, muttering curses at Wynter in their local dialect. 
Although Wynter couldn’t understand him, she wasn’t st*pid. She forcefully pulled Nathan over. “You should know.” 
Gary went berserk. “You dare touch my grandpa! I’ll kill you!” 
Wynter didn’t bother to pay him much attention. She was ready to fight off anyone who came her way. 
“You even assault the elderly. You’re a despicable human being!” Gary gasped for air as he spoke. 
Wynter’s voice remained calm as she said, “He’s not an elderly man. He’s an old scoundrel who’s corrupt to the core. Just like your parents, they trafficked people while he bred dogs to attack people. I’m just serving justice.” 
Nathan’s face flushed with anger, his language turning foul, “You little bi…” 
Smack! Wynter slapped him across the face and then lifted him with a smirk. 
“You’ve got three seconds. Give me the key. Or else, when your grandson’s poison sets in the Quirks family will be history.”
As soon as she spoke, Nathan’s expression changed drastically. In rural areas, the family legacy was everything. 
Priscilla, also kneeling, cried out, “Just give it to her! Gary can’t afford any trouble!” 
“You don’t understand, you old hag. The one locked in the cellar can’t be released!” 
Nathan was always a strategist. Now, he aimed to stall, hoping the village would notice the unusual occurrences at the home. 
Just look at how many times the officials had visited before. He had always managed to keep things concealed. 
If it weren’t for Wynter’s unexpected aggression today, he wouldn’t have exposed himself. After all, he was a well–regarded Samaritan even in the county. 
Wynter’s patience was wearing thin. “Three, two…” 
Before Wynter could count to one, Gary suddenly hugged himself. He was shivering all over like he’d caught a chill. 
Nathan spoke in his rural accent. “The key’s in my coat pocket!” After saying that, he slumped, defeated. 
Having spilled all his secrets, Nathan wondered if it meant the Quirks were done for. He glared with cloudy eyes, still unwilling to accept defeat. He reached for his old fl*p phone and tried to call for help. 
But Wynter promptly kicked it away, shattering the device. Hubert couldn’t help but think that the Quirks were fools. If there were any signal in this place, he would have called for help long ago.
Today was just cursed. Nothing seemed to be going right. He couldn’t even get up, and there was no chance his aunt would come to his rescue. 
Wynter moved fast, taping everyone’s m*uths shut and locking the door with the key she held. She threw a black bag at Yarra and told her to wait there. 
Out of the blue, a little girl holding a stuffed bunny dashed into the yard, asking Yarra, “Why are you and the new girl outside? Where’s Grandpa and everyone else?” 
The little girl tilted her head, squinting her eyes almost shut. “I know you’re trying to sneak out again.” 
Yarra opened her m*uth to reply, but the little girl cut her off. With a sneer, the little girl looked at her. “Give me a dollar, and I won’t tell anyone.” 
Yarra’s face turned pale. Pouting, the little girl added, “If you don’t give it to me, I’ll scream! 
“Hey there, kiddo,” Wynter greeted with a friendly smile, waving her over. “I’ve got more than just money for you. How about some candy?” 
The little girl’s eyes lit up. “Gosh, city folks are so cool!” 
She skipped over to Wynter. Wynter crouched down and placed the candy in her hand. The little girl took the candy and popped it into her m*uth. 
As she walked away, she thought to herself that she had to hurry back and tell her dad. This 
Chapter 246 Cursed 
city girl surely had more than just candy. Once Wynter stayed at Grandpa’s house, everything she had would be hers..
###chapter247
Chapter 247 Rescued the Fifth Son of the Quinnell Family on a Rescue Mission 
Chapter 247 Rescued the Fifth Son of the Quinnell Family on a Rescue Mission 
The little girl still had a smile when she turned around, only to suddenly go limp and fall into Wynter’s arms. Yarra’s eyes widened in shock. 
“You drugged her too?” she asked. 
“She’s six years old. Her values are already formed.” Wynter glanced at her. “Some children can be crueler than you think.” 
Yarra was still hesitating, but Wynter had already started to act. Wynter had studied criminal investigation. In criminal investigations, psychology was an important subject. 
There had been cases where villagers surrounded police cars and interfered with arrests. Even when their identities were revealed, some villagers pretended not to hear and criticized 
others instead. 
Simple kindness and ignorant evil existed in rural areas, especially in a village where wives could be bought with money. This was not the countryside. It was hell. 
Even Yarra and Wynter only decided to believe what was happening after they did their investigation. Verification was still needed for the rest of the people, even if they were 
children.
The cellar was deep and spacious, with a lower temperature than the surface. The most common items inside were Watermelons, along with some sweet potatoes and potatoes. 
Wynter smelled a strong scent of blood as soon as she went in it was easier to find people by following the scent. Turning on her phone, she raised it to take a picture of the far corner. 
What came into view was a man shackled with iron chains…is black trench coat was soaked through with blood from his shoulders, and his l*ps were purple and cracked due to prolonged dehydration. 
With the drug he had used, it seemed like Nathan was intending to slowly torture this man 
to death. 
Despite this shackled man’s wretched condition, his dark eyes opened when Wynter 
approached him. They were filled with vigilance as he lifted his head, revealing a handsome, but cold and pale face. 
The man’s beauty was so striking it felt intimidating and exuded an aura of iron–blooded determination. 
Seeing his cold, pale complexion and deep, dark eyes, Wynter, who had come to rescue him, 
Chapter 247 Rescued the Fifth Son of the Quinnell Family on a Rescue Mission 
paused for a moment. After all, the calluses on his fingertips were not commonly seen. They were only found in those who frequently wielded guns. 
While Wynter was assessing the man, the man was also sizing her up. The six sons of the Quinnell family from Kingbourne each had their strengths.
The eldest, Albert Quinnell, handled the family business negotiations both domestically and internationally. 
The other five sons operated in the shadows, their information rarely made known to the public. 
The fifth son, Elliot, especially, had joined the military early on. It was said that he 
possessed the most beautiful face but remained elusive, as he was either on missions or had run away from home. 
The man before her was indeed Ellough he had subdued many with his thunderous methods, he had never expected to fall into the hands of ordinary people. 
Elliot would never have been caught off guard if he were facing criminals. Unfortunately, he found himself confronting the very people he was supposed to protect. Elliot had overly high expectations of human nature. 
In reality, anyone from out of town would be easily deceived in Paradise Village. It wasn’t because the swindlers were exceptionally skilled. The deceived were too “honest and kind.” 
If one were not a girl, but a grown man, these swindlers wouldn’t give them the time of day. They might even warmly welcome the men and introduce them to the local sights. 
The swindlers didn’t abduct just anyone. They were selective. Those who dressed too conspicuously were avoided. They favored innocent, gentle, and clean–looking female 
students. 
If Elliot hadn’t coincidentally rescued Yarra and was just passing through Paradise Village, he wouldn’t have noticed any issues in the village at all. No one would have imagined that the entire town was
plagued by such practices. 
Having now understood the darkness lurking here, Elliot only looked at Wynter impassively as he asked, “Who are you?” 
“Your ally,” Wynter replied, tugging on the iron chain in his hand. “Like Yarra, I was also a naive student who was abducted and brought here.” 
Click! With that, the iron shackle opened. Elliot looked at Wynter with his eyebrows raised, wondering about how she said she was a naive student.
###chapter248
Chapter 248 Escape From the Village Elliot 
Wynter ignored the look on his face as she pulled him along. “It might hurt a bit,” she informed in a calm voice, “so bear with it.” 
There was a loud crack before Elliot could react. Wynter had set Elliot’s broken arm back in place. Elliot broke out in a cold sweat, his eyebrows furrowed. Seeing this, Wynter couldn’t help but admire the man’s endurance. 
Former soldiers were indeed built differently, as any ordinary person would have perished long ago in such an environment. 
Even if he weren’t slowly dying, his shoulder injury would have caused him to suffer from recurrent high fevers due to infection. 
The truth was that Elliot’s body temperature was already too high. It was only his strong will that kept him going. Wynter had simply given him leverage, and he used that strength to escape from the cellar. 
Upon coming out, instead of Yarra, Elliot immediately noticed the girl lying next to the cellar. He could have escaped with Yarra. 
Just as they were leaving the village, he encountered the little girl and gave her a bag of chocolate chips. If it had been an adult, Elliot would have made sure they wouldn’t reveal his 
whereabouts. 
This girl, however, was barely six years old. He couldn’t bring himself to harm her because of her innocent smiling face that reminded him of his younger sister. In the end, he was surrounded by villagers near the mountain stream.
Noticing him staring at the girl, Wynter raised an eyebrow and asked, “What’s the matter? Do you know her?” 
“I learned my lesson,” Elliot replied, his tone heavy, 
The Quinnell family’s upbringing had always been upright. Even though Elliot understood human nature, it was hard for him to accept the fact that such a young girl had been made a monster by the village’s culture. 
Wynter glanced at the girl’s wristwatch and pursed her l*ps. 
“Looks like the villagers here have got some money. We need to leave quickly. There’s no signal here. Her family will come looking for her if they can’t reach her.” 
“People are guarding the village entrance,” Elliot mentioned. 
Chapter 248 Escape From the Village Elliot 
Being the clever man he was, he understood what Wynter meant as soon as she said those words especially considering the villagers‘ previous actions were still fresh in his mind. 
Every family here was unusually united, but that unity was for evil, not good. 
“It’s okay.” Wynter suddenly smiled. “We have a special pass.” 
Before Elliot could understand what she meant, Wynter dragged Hubert out of the house and threw him into the trunk of the Mercedes. 
Elliot had seen Hubert before. His eyes darkened at the sight of the man. “I don’t think this is useful in any way.”
“His identity will come in handy,” Wynter replied before looking at Yarra. “Do you trust me? 
Yarra’s head bobbed up and down vigorously. Wynter then pulled her child out and propped her long leg against the car door. 
“Sit in the back. Act like you’re one of his two women,” she instructed. 
Yarra’s face was pale. She didn’t even have time to react when Wynter stuffed Cheryl into the 
driver’s seat. 
“Mrs. Macintosh.” Wynter asked in a quiet voice, “The Macintosh family is filthy rich. You should know how to drive, yes?” 
Chery couldn’t understand what Wynter was thinking at all. She stuttered, “I–I can.” 
“Then drive well.” Wynter sat beside her with a smile. “Don’t be nervous. Show me that gusto you had when you looked down on me earlier.” 
Cheryl’s jaw fell. “I- I was wrong. I don’t know anything. Miss, please listen to me. It was all Fanny’s doing. She wanted to deceive you. The Macintosh family would never force anyone to do anything. Really!” 
“Mrs. Macintosh.” Wynter interrupted her, laughter in her voice. “Everyone wants to marry into the Macintosh family, including me. You ought to do this well. You saw how bad my temper can be. I might throw a tantrum if you don’t meet my expectations.” 
Cheryl shuddered at those words. “I’ll do my best!” 
“Chin up. Act haughty. That’s more like it,” Wynter instructed as her finger tapped. ‘ Alright. Let’s go.”
###chapter249
Chapter 249 The Macintosh Family Is Doomed Wynter and Elliot Have Chemistry 
Cheryl only realized what Wynter was planning after she started driving. The injured man held onto Yarra by pretending to be a “soldier“. Through the car window, no one outside could tell who he was. 
It was just a small mountain village, but there were three checkpoints. Yarra had taken a year to pass through these checkpoints. 
The first two were manageable. However, the last one had a sharp–eyed guard who peered into the car. Remembering that not this many members from the Macintosh family had gone in, he reached out to stop them. 
Yarra turned pale when she saw this. Wynter, on the other hand, casually spoke up. 
“Stop the car. Bite his head off.” 
Cheryl’s hand shook. “W–What?” she choked. 
“Curse at him just like you would if someone blocked your way on a regular day.” Synter raised her chin slightly. 
Cheryl looked at Wynter’s icy gaze and saw her playing with that purple pendant. She thought of using this opportunity to ask for help when Wynter suddenly warned her, “The poison in you will take effect in five minutes. If you don’t want to end up like Fanny, you better behave, Mrs. Macintosh.” 
Cheryl jerked and immediately rolled down the car window, yelling loudly at the villa guard. 
‘Are you blind? Is it me or the Macintosh family’s car that you have failed to recognize?”
Upon seeing her, the elderly villager instantly bowed. Stopping the car for inspection? He didn’t even dare waste another second! 
“I’ll press the lever right now!” 
At the same time, the little girl hadn’t returned home, and no one answered when her family called her on the watch. Her anxious grandparents put on their shoes to go to their relatives‘ 
house. 
“Why is it so quiet in the yard?” 
“Where are Biggie and Brownie?” 
The old couple muttered as they walked until they reached the front of the house where they saw the door tied up. 
Chapter 240 The Macintosh Family Is Doomed Wynter and Elliot Have Chemistry 
They couldn’t help but frown. When they went around to the other side and looked in through the window, the looks on their faces fell. 
Her grandfather immediately pressed the village alarm, while the grandmother shouted even louder. “Such blasphemy! Who hurt my babies in our house? It must be that slut Yarra! Hurry, call someone. Drag her back and break her legs!” 
At the moment the alarm sounded, Yarra and Elliot tightened their grip simultaneously. Wynter, who hadn’t heard this alarm before, didn’t know what it meant. 
Yarra, on the other hand, had heard it many times. Every time the alarm went off, it meant someone was on the run. Apart from her, there were also other students in the village. Some went mad because
they couldn’t endure it. 
Some had stopped trying to get away a long time ago. Just like a tree, they had taken root in the village and sprouted. 
Yarra couldn’t control the trembling of her shoulders when she heard the alarm. She was petrified. She was afraid of being caught and subjected to further torture. More than that, she was afraid of… becoming like the villagers. 
The old villager also heard the alarm. There had always been a rule in the villa. When the alarm sounded, no one was allowed to leave the village. He hesitated, looking toward Cheryl’s direction. 
Cheryl’s eyes were already wandering. When she looked over, she almost blew Wynter and the others‘ cover. She would have definitely said something if it weren’t for the acupoint on 
her waist. 
“You know the rules of the village, ma’am. Would you like to wait a bit?” the old villager asked, bowing. 
It was Wynter who spoke up this time, her voice charmingly playful. 
“Mr. Albert, it seems someone doesn’t want you to marry me. How about I don’t marry you? 
Elliot had heard Hubert speak before. Lowering his voice until it sounded gruff, coupled with the smell of alcohol in the car, he slurred, “Which blind bastard is it? Lemme see his face! I’ll F**k him up!” 
The old villager was frightened almost immediately. He wouldn’t dare provoke Hubert. The last person from the neighboring village who got in the way of Hubert having a “good time” was still recuperating from a broken leg! 
“Please don’t be angry, Mr. Hubert. Have a safe journey…”
Chapter 249 The Macintosh Family Is Doomed Wynter and Elliot Have Chemistry 
The two of them sure had chemistry, cooperating seamlessly even without a plan. 
Even Elliot himself didn’t understand why he, who had always been so cautious, would trust Wynter so much. From the moment he saw her, he felt a sense of closeness to her. He even felt so at ease he closed his eyes… 
Under the night sky, the iron gate rose, and the Mercedes drove out of Paradise Village. At this moment, the members of the Macintosh family in Paradise Village were still preparing for the wedding night. 
Derek sat in the center with a smile on his face for the joyous occasion. Late to updates, he 
was unaware that Paradise Village was already abuzz online! Everyone knew about what was happening there!
###chapter250
Chapter 250 Havenlight County Wants to Stall for Time to Save Someone In Their Dreams 
Havenlight County’s attempt to turn a blind eye was simply not feasible. The impact was too significant to suppress. 
Garfield, the person in charge of Havenlight County, was sweating profusely, racking his brains for a solution as he rushed toward Paradise Village. 
Sitting beside him was Ryan, who was equally anxious. He looked at Garfield and exclaimed, “Mr. Wade, I asked you about this couple before, but you assured me that they were not a problem.‘ 
Garfield’s expression changed as guilt washed over him. “I didn’t know they were involved in this kind of business,” he replied. 
“In that case, you should at least know the situation in the town you oversee!” Ryan went straight to the point. “Ms. Quinnell’s last lead was cut off in your county! 
“I didn’t understand too at first.” His voice was cold. “Now, I understand why there hasn’t been any progress in the investigation. The culture in your county and your tolerance are the biggest obstacles!” 
Wanting to play the innocent card, Garfield spoke in an official tone. “Mr. Lloyd, you 
mustn’t generalize. Things are not as you imagine. We haven’t reached Paradise Village yet. We need to hear from the parties involved.” 
“The parties involved?” Ryan struck back decisively. “Mr. Wade, are you disconnected from the internet or blind? The whole internet knows about Hubert’s behavior from the live broadcast! The Hubert Macintosh whom you are supporting!” 
Garfield could only wipe his sweat with a handkerchief. He had feared this exact situation.
Everything else could be smoothed over or explained with an excuse. After all, the law tended to be lenient, especially since it was just farmers who deceived a girl. 
The matter could have been resolved with a simple apology to the girl followed by having her sent home. Everything would have been fine… if the live broadcast didn’t happen! 
Garfield’s grip tightened. He still didn’t know how that young lady managed to start the live broadcast. 
“I will give the public an explanation.” Being the shrewd man he was, Garfield put on an act. “Mr. Lloyd, saving lives is our priority now!” 
Ryan knew that titles didn’t hold much weight in rural areas. Although Garfield wasn’t a good person, he was still useful at the moment. 
After all, Ryan was just a businessman. He didn’t want to confront the county official directly. Fearing that his younger sister’s innocence might be at risk if they delayed any longer, he leaned forward, urging the driver, “Faster! Drive faster!” 
“Safety first, sir. There’s fog on the mountain,” the driver replied. 
Meanwhile, Garfield was eager to resolve the situation as soon as possible. After all, a young girl who was inexperienced in the ways of the world wouldn’t want the world to know that she had been bedded. She would have felt the resistance if she hadn’t been taken to bed. 
However, the matter would be easier to resolve if she had done the deed. The Macintosh family only needed to prepare the money. 
Garfield was confident the broadcaster wouldn’t continue stirring the pot, as it wouldn’t benefit anyone.
He had already planned to start with the “deceived girl.” As long as he could persuade her and remind her of the consequences, she would avoid a lifetime of shame. After all, no in- law would want a woman who had lost her innocence. 
Garfield had it all thought out. However, his phone rang before the car even reached the village. It was a call from Lucas himself. The tone of Lucas‘ voice sent chills down Garfield’s spine even through the phone. 
“Mr. Wade, you’d better pray that the girl who was broadcasting hasn’t gotten into trouble yet and that her innocence is still intact. This is my warning to you. 
“I’m sure you’re thinking protecting the Macintosh family is your only hope for salvation. And don’t count on the teacher. He’s with Jackson now. 
“I can even tell you that the girl is Jackson’s designated successor. If you want to live, don’t drag things out and rescue her as soon as possible.”
###chapter251
Chapter 251 Women’s Power Can Make Flowers Bloom in Hell 
Garfield’s head was abuzz when he heard the last sentence. 
He wasn’t worried when he heard that the villagers from Paradise 
Village had abducted someone and Ryan came knocking on his door. 
Even if the whole internet was tagging him, he still felt like he could 
handle it. However, he started panicking after this phone call. Of all 
the people he could have offended, he went for someone who was 
backed by Jackson! 
Unfortunately, the fog in the mountains was thick. Their car was even 
stopped by a group of hoe-wielding rioters who came rushing over as 
the car turned onto the downhill road! 
Garfield had just gotten out of the car to speak when an old lady. came charging at him. 
“Did you rescue that darn girlie?” she yelled. 
“Ma’am, please calm down and listen to me. I am…” Garfield raised 
his hands. 
But instead of listening to him, the old lady spat at him. “I don’t care
who you are. Just hand her over!” 
Garfield was dumbfounded by the sudden attack. He remembered 
how adored he was by everyone the last time he visited the village. 
“Are you out of your mind?” Garfield couldn’t stand these fools. “Do 
you know who I am?” 
The old lady was about to continue shouting when the village chief stopped her. 
“Are you crazy? This is Mr. Wade!” The village chief smiled 
apologetically. “Mr. Wade, it’s dark here. My wife didn’t recognize you.” 
Garfield’s face darkened. “Enough with the excuses,” he warned. “Tell 
me where she is.” 
“Who are you talking about?” The village chief pretended to be 
clueless. 
Garfield pulled him aside. “Zohan, don’t use those tricks you use on outsiders to fool me. If I can’t find her today, the whole village is done 
for!” 
Upon hearing this, the village chief knew that the Quinnell family had crossed a line this time. He immediately backed down.
“They escaped. We don’t know where they went. All we know is that they were driving Mr. Hubert’s car.” 
“Damn it, Hubert!” Garfield spat, exploding in anger. 
Everything in Havenlight County was within his control before this. 
From top to bottom, he had balanced everything. 
Even when reporters came to investigate secretly and ended up exposing certain things, what the villagers did couldn’t be classified as abduction as long as the women were willing. 
But this time, a girl had disappeared on his turf. The higher-ups even had their eyes on him! 
Char: 251 Womens Power Cati Misr HOMELY, DI 
Garfield couldn’t understand what kind of magic that girl possessed to bring such bad luck to Havenlight County! He kicked the tire hard. 
Right when he was at a loss, Ryan told him to get in the car. Ryan then opened the tablet, revealing the livestream which had started 
again. 
This time, the location was changed to the center of Paradise Village. They could even hear a girl chuckling. 
“Babes, I’m back,” Wynter announced as she bid farewell to the Mercedes. “Speaking of which, it sure was thrilling just now.”
She pushed open the car door. “I’m a bit nervous about entering the Macintosh family’s place in a moment. To the ladies who are here in this live stream for the first time, please subscribe to my videos.” 
The livestream was bombarded with comments the next moment. 
“Is the streamer seriously in the mood to be asking people to 
subscribe to her?” 
“I would have thought it was all scripted if it weren’t for the cyber 
sleuths.” 
“This streamer never has a script. She sure is strange. Her 
livestreams are the bomb!” 
Wynter, who was using equipment, couldn’t see the barrage of 
comments. 
“This time, we are solving the case together with the ladies in the live 
stream. You will hear some voices next, but before that, I want to 
mention this… Trafficking is always a crime! 
“Even if the girl changes her original appearance due to fear or habit during this process, or even if her life is ruined because she was 
naively deceived, it’s not her fault. It’s the traffickers ‘fault! Purity is not the only thing that proves a girl’s worth.”
Wynter then turned around and asked, “Am I right, Yarra?”
###chapter252
Chapter 252 Dalton to the Rescue 
Initially, Yarra didn’t dare to get out of the car. After all, this was where her nightmare had begun. 
She used to think that even if she managed to escape from here, she could never be the same as her peers again. 
Unlike her classmates, who still had glorious futures, she was no longer a naive university student, but rather, the mother of a child. 
She couldn’t help but blame herself for her st*pidity. Why had she trusted the old lady and ended up being abducted to this rural place? 
The feelings of inferiority and fear had been etched into Yarra’s bones over the two years. Yet, when she saw Wynter’s carefree smile in the dark, Yarra felt as if a fire had been ignited within her heart. 
“Exactly! Innocence is never the only thing to prove a girl’s worth!” 
Yarra exclaimed. 
“Let’s go in then,” Wynter smiled casually, her eyes glancing at the courtyard lit up brightly. “The Macintosh family must be anxiously waiting for me, their future daughter-in-law.” 
Garfield couldn’t bear to watch the livestream any longer. Every word Wynter uttered was enough to turn their county upside down! 
He desperately dialed Hubert’s phone but couldn’t get through. He 
tried Derek’s but had no luck either. 
Fearing that the livestream channel might expose an even bigger
scandal, Garfield pulled his chauffeur away and took the wheel, 
flooring the gas. 
Meanwhile, another person also followed the livestream’s location and arrived in Paradise Village- Dalton Yarwood. This was the first time Dalton had called for a small military aircraft using his identity. 
Ethan could sense the chilling demeanor around Dalton emanating since the moment he found out about Wynter’s “abduction”. Even the red beaded bracelet on Dalton’s wrist had turned bloody red. 
Dalton sat there, with a black earpiece in place, and spoke with a deep intensity. “No matter who they are, send them all to prison. 
Leave no one behind.” 
With a pause, he added, “Except for Hubert. Bring him to me.” 
“Yes, boss!” 
With the Yarwoods’ intervention, things would be much easier. They could take down anyone, regardless of their background or the 
influence they wielded. 
The Macintosh family had no idea of the trouble they were in, including Hubert, whose leg had been broken. 
As the car door opened, Wynter promptly ejected Hubert, who landed in front of the town hall adjacent to the Macintoshes’ residence. 
Once Hubert realized his surroundings, a trace of confidence returned
to his expression. 
This woman might have been clever, but she wasn’t ruthless enough. Did she really believe the village council would side with her? What a 
joke! 
Hubert, just regaining consciousness, was unaware of Wynter’s livestreaming. Cheryl remained unconscious in the car. 
The moment Derek Macintosh, the chief of Paradise Village, saw Wynter throw Hubert to the ground, he bolted upright and slammed his teacup down! No one in the entire Paradise Village dared to challenge the Macintoshes like this! 
Wynter stood in front of the town hall, holding the rope with Hubert tied at the other end, kicking him a few times out of boredom. Derek was ablaze with fury at the sight of it! 
“I don’t know where you’re from, miss, but let go of my son now. Don’t say I didn’t warn you. You’re breaking the law!” 
Wynter responded in a casual tone, “I’m acting in self-defense and coming to the aid of others. How is that breaking the law? And if you don’t know where I’m from, why don’t you ask your debauched son, 
Chief?” 
“Dad, she’s the woman Madam Fanny brought back.” Hubert gritted his teeth. “This little b*tch! Dad, don’t waste your time talking to her. 
Arrest her now!”
Wynter stepped on Hubert’s shoulder and chuckled. “Arrest me for what? I’ve brought you here to report you for human trafficking. If the chief won’t accept my report, the local council certainly will.” 
Upon hearing Wynter’s words, Derek immediately realized that she was just a naive, ignorant lady. 
“Miss, let’s talk things out. First, let go of my son. We certainly won’t overlook the trafficking matter in our village. If my son is found guilty, 
he shall be punished.” 
“Really? You mean it?” Wynter asked with a naive expression. 
“You have my word.” Derek signaled his men to stand by.
###chapter253
Chapter 253 The Macintoshes Are Done 
“Fine then.” Wynter was surprisingly cooperative. With that, she pushed Hubert toward them, releasing the rope from her hand. 
“Now will you take this matter into your hands, Chief Macintosh?” she 
asked. 
Derek quickly caught Hubert, his expression darkening at the sight of his son’s crippled leg. He would make this little b*tch pay! 
“Tell me, miss. What did my son do to you?” Derek’s tone, though polite, was ominous. “You’re lucky he showed interest in you. But instead of counting your blessings, you chose to harm him!” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “So I should thank him for trying to force himself on me? Is that how the law works?” 
“In Paradise Village, we, the Macintoshes, are the law!” Derek’s face 
drew near. “You were trafficked because you looked like an easy 
target!” 
Wynter toyed with her purple sugilite pendant and asked casually,” You said the same to Yarra when she escaped and sought help here from the village council, didn’t you?” 
“Yarra?” Derek glanced at Yarra, finding her somewhat familiar. 
He then turned to his son. “Was she the one who cried when you slept with her?” Hubert remained quiet, tacitly admitting the truth of the question.
Derek continued with a disdainful tone, “I warned you about sleeping 
with someone like her! Was this her doing as well?” 
“Yup. Yarra’s the one who brought me here,” Wynter confessed, her gaze locked onto Derek’s. 
“Hmph! Looks like someone hasn’t learned her lesson yet.” Derek 
scoffed. 
With a cold glare, Derek added, “Let’s see if you’ll be as arrogant as you are now after we teach you a lesson, just like how we taught 
Yarra!” 
Wynter chuckled and tapped her left ear. “I’m sure all the police officers on the channel have heard that loud and clear, right?” 
Not only did they hear it, but they were boiling with anger, unable to 
believe that such beasts existed in their country! 
They swore to investigate this matter, even if it meant searching 
throughout the entire Havenlight County! 
They would not tolerate it. Anyone standing in their way would be considered a person of interest in this case too! 
“What police officers?” Derek was puzzled. 
Suddenly, one of Derek’s men came running over, stumbling. “C- Chief,
you need to see this!” 
Derek glanced at the phone his men showed him and saw a video of him playing on a loop. 
“You were trafficked because you looked like an easy target! 
“In Paradise Village, we, the Macintoshes, are the law!” 
Derek was dazed upon seeing the video. “What’s this?” 
Húbert, still under the effects of the drug, was slow to react until the familiarity of such a tactic struck him. 
“You planned this!” Hubert’s eyes quivered as he stared at Wynter, unable to believe he hadn’t seen it coming. He couldn’t help but wonder what kind of drug Wynter had used on him. 
Of course, Wynter wouldn’t tell him it was a type of nerve drug that could gradually turn someone into a dimwit. Regardless of what happened to the Macintoshes next, Hubert was done for! And Wynter had all this planned all along! 
Despite his age and lack of familiarity with livestreaming, Derek’s experience kicked in. “There’s something fishy about this woman. Strip her down!” 
The burly men behind him immediately raised their fists, ready for action. Sensing danger, Elliot, who had been unconscious with a high fever in the car, suddenly opened his eyes. 
He hadn’t anticipated that his allies would bring him to the village council instead of heading for the highway, but that wasn’t his 
concern at the moment.
He kicked the car door open with his long leg and pulled Cheryl out, 
shielding Wynter. 
“Air Force Unit 037, Identification Number 001, Elliot Quinnell. I hereby 
command you all to step back!” 
Derek sneered. “What? What the hell is an Air Force officer doing 
here? And you look nothing like an Air Force officer to me, pretty boy. 
Chapje 253 The Mantoches Are Done 
Get him!” 
Suddenly, the sound of tires screeching against the ground pierced 
the air. 
“Derek Macintosh! Have you lost your mind?” Garfield’s voice came through before he even arrived. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Play
###chapter254
Chapter 254 Found Elliot While Searching for Wynter 
Derek was puzzled by Garfield’s sudden appearance since everything seemed to be under control. Could he have come because of that 
video? 
As he speculated, Derek put on a smile to welcome Garfield. “Mr. 
Wade, 1- 
“Tell your men to disperse immediately! Now!” Garfield whispered urgently in Derek’s ear as soon as he got out of the car. 
Thinking it was just a show for Ryan in the car, Derek didn’t take him seriously. “Mr. Wade, I can handle any video that’s unfavorable to our county. Why don’t we grab a drink at my place later? All of this will blow over after a good night’s sleep. 
Garfield was furious, his entire body tensing up. This damn idiot Derek! Now the whole nation knew that he was involved too! 
Ignoring Derek’s idiocy, Garfield quickly walked toward Wynter. “Don’t worry, miss. I’m here to help you. Havenlight Country will ensure that justice is served.” 
Shifting her gaze between Garfield and Derek, Wynter smirked. “Oh? But I don’t really trust you. You two seem to know each other quite 
well.”
Garfield’s face turned pale instantly. Suddenly, Ryan came from behind, pushing Garfield aside. Before he could check up on Wynter, he was stunned by the sight of a familiar and striking face. 
“Mr. Elliot!” Ryan exclaimed, bewildered. Unable to get a signal on his 
phone on the way there, Ryan wasn’t aware that Elliot was also 
present. 
“You’re injured!” Ryan’s expression changed, and then he turned around and glared fiercely at Garfield. 
“Havenlight County, huh! How dare you hurt Mr. Elliot and mess with the Quinnell family of Kingbourne!” 
Kingbourne? The Quinnell family! When Ryan approached Garfield to look for Ms. Quinnell, he was cautious about revealing too much about his identity. 
He simply mentioned that he served a family involved in business and provided a description of the abducted girl. 
The reason for Ryan’s discretion was rooted in the Quinnell family’s history of receiving false information about Ms. Quinnell over the 
years. 
The most alarming incident occurred when the Quinnell family decided to support Naomi. At that time, over 20 young girls from various parts of the country were brought to the Quinnell family for 
DNA testing. 
During this process, Albert Quinnell, the eldest grandson of Fabian Quinnell, discovered attempts at falsification.
There were even instances where individuals attempted to substitute the girls, resulting in one of the girls hearly losing her life. 
Consequently, the Quinnell family became exceptionally cautious in 
their search for Ms. Quinnell. 
Even if someone resembled Ms. Quinnell, they would investigate their 
childhood history rather than provide false hope to deter those seeking a reward. 
Ryan was aware that Havenlight County was a complicated place. After all, he had been searching for Ms. Quinnell there for many days. 
Despite his intuition about the place, he hadn’t anticipated it to be so treacherous. Would Ms. Quinnell be safe if she had come here? 
Even Derek, as ignorant as he might be, had heard of the Quinnell family from Kingbourne. 
In a panic, Derek’s head was buzzing as he looked at Garfield. “Mr. Wade, we didn’t lay a finger on him! It was the villagers! They surrounded him when he tried to take a villager’s wife away. 
1- ” 
“Shut up!” Garfield slapped Derek across the face, his expression a mixture of fury and fear. “Havenlight County is doomed because of 
you!” 
Already intimidated by Ryan’s connection with Jackson Munn,
Garfield now found himself confronted by a member of the Quinnell family from Kingbourne. 
It was all over. Even seeking help from higher authorities would futile now. Garfield felt like he might as well die there and then. 
Meanwhile, Derek attempted to defuse the situation. “Mr. Wade, this 
is all just a misunderstanding.”
###chapter255
Chapter 255 The Macintosh Family Has Supports 
“Dad? Are you scared? Why are you scared of them?” Hubert, whose intellect had been dulled by the drug, was now consumed by pure 
malice. 
“Kill them all! No one dares to defy us in Havenlight County! Anyone who crosses me shall die! Even the so-called Quinnell family of 
Kingbourne!” 
“Son, what are you blabbering about!” Derek was bewildered by 
Hubert’s words. 
Swiftly covering Hubert’s m*uth, Derek looked at Elliot, whose expression was cold, and said remorsefully, “Please forgive us, Mr. 
Quinnell, for not recognizing you sooner.” 
Then, he crawled over, grabbed Ryan’s leg, and pleaded, “Mr. Lloyd, 
you’ve visited our village several times. You know me and my son are 
good people. How could we possibly have harmed Mr. Quinnell?” 
Ryan kicked him away in disgust. “You and your son snatch others wives and daughters, shelter traffickers, and you call yourselves good 
people?”
Needless to say, the Quinnell family would not let this go easily. Was this some kind of sick joke? Who on earth would settle matters amicably with this family of bullies? Even a merciful saint could not tolerate this! 
Derek was cunning. Realizing that pleading didn’t work, the 60-year- old man showed his badge and knelt, tears streaming down his face 
as he looked at Garfield. 
“Back then, when the roads were difficult to traverse, my fellow villagers and I stayed behind, and that’s how this village came to be. 
“Mr. Wade, your superiors have specifically reminded you to stand for us in times of need. Even if someone rich and powerful comes, you 
still have to take care of us, Mr. Wade!” 
Garfield couldn’t help but feel disgusted upon hearing his words. Wynter watched with a slight raise of her eyebrow. 
She had sensed something fishy about Paradise Village. It turned out that the Macintosh family had played a role in the village’s 
development, resulting in them receiving special treatment from the 
authorities. 
“You can’t let us down, Mr. Wade! Think of all the hard work and effort 
we pioneers have put into building a home in these rural mountains!” 
Derek wept harder as he spoke.
The elderly villagers gathered around, exchanged glances, and the 
slowly approached Garfield. 
“That’s right, Mr. Wade. We were once the pioneers that everyone was proud of.” 
“What’s Chief Macintosh done wrong? Just because he offended 
some rich guy from Kingbourne?” 
“Mr. Wade! Have you no heart at all? 
“And who does that so-called manager think he is, coming to our village to show off his power?” 
“We have no women in our village, so what’s wrong with buying a 
bride?” 
“If that missy doesn’t want to marry the Macintoshes, so be it! Didn’t the Macintoshes apologize to her? Is it necessary to resort to such 
extreme measures?” 
Garfield found it quite difficult to communicate with these naive villagers sometimes. Nevertheless Derek was right. They did enjoy special treatment due to their efforts in developing this village. 
Moreover, the Macintosh not only had the support of the villagers but they were also backed by the Scott family of Kingbourne. Hence, Garfield had to take his next steps cautiously. Then again, what could he possibly do under such circumstances?
When he tried to argue based on legal principles, the villagers responded emotionally, appealing to personal connections instead of logic. Not to mention the heavy pressure from his superiors. 
“Mr. Quinnell, do you mind if we table this matter for now?” Garfield had no choice but to seek a compromise with Elliot. 
Already suffering from a high fever, Elliot had just eased his tension upon seeing Ryan, but now his demeanor turned cold again. 
“What is there to hold for a scumbag like this?” he retorted. 
But before Garfield could respond, the villagers began to shout. 
“Mr. Wade, don’t waste your time with him! Let’s see what this rich guy from Kingbourne can do to us old bones here!” 
“When we were clearing the land, he probably hadn’t even been born 
Chungen 2000 The Marselli 
yet!” 
“Anyone who wants to lay a finger on Derek has to go through us first! 
Hearing their words, Ryan was so furious that he started panting.” Foolish rioters! You’re all a bunch of lawless troublemakers who can’t 
tell right from wrong!” 
Wynter, on the other hand, remained calm. She quickly estimated the number of people and whispered to Elliot, “What’s your rank?”
“First-class. But I cannot use force against civilians,” Elliot said in a hoarse voice, “At this rate, we’ll be in danger.”
###chapter256
Chapter 256 Dalton Targets Those With Backing 
Wynter said in a calm voice, “There’s a small path to your 4 o’cock. Take Yarra and Ryan with you. Someone will meet you there.” 
Indeed, a Special Unit had been standing by all along. Wynter had mobilized them with the note she wrote before leaving Southdale. However, the Special Unit operated in the shadows, never revealing 
themselves. 
Even the Top Unit had no authority over them because their operations involved highly confidential cases that ordinary people. should not know about. Wynter was the core of this Special Unit. 
“Why hasn’t Boss given us the signal yet?” Lance, a brown-haired teenager in a long robe, stood halfway up the mountain, blowing bubble gum, with two heavy motorcycles behind him. “She doesn’t 
want us to show up, does she?” 
Violet, a sweet-faced teenage girl with twin ponytails, wiped down a 
black knife and glanced at the man lying on the ground. “You men are simply disgusting! How dare a lowlife like that look at Boss with such 
lecherous eyes!” 
Lance raised his hand. “Whoa, hold your horses. I’m a charming teenage boy. I’m nothing like the dying scoundrel over there.” 
“Wait. Do you hear that?” Violet suddenly stood up. 
Lance looked up, his eyes flashing. “It’s a small military aircraft. Did
Boss contact someone else besides us?” 
“I don’t think so,” Violet replied. She leaped up silently, employing her 
ancient martial arts. “Let’s go take a look.” 
Lance shook his finger. “Don’t forget, Boss told us not to show up in front of her when people are around.” 
“We’ll sneak a peek. I miss Boss already. I don’t understand why Boss always brings that foodie L with her instead of me. What’s so good about him?” Violet suddenly scoffed. “Is it because he’s small and 
short?” 
Lance shrugged, hoping that no one would notice them in the 
mountain. Otherwise, they might be mistaken for some ghosts from 
the past because of their unique costume. 
Meanwhile, hearing the sound of the aircraft, Wynter lowered her hand which was about to send out the signal. 
As the grass on the ground swayed with the aircraft’s movement, Elliot recognized it as the sound of a small military aircraft. In contrast, the ignorant villagers began to panic and clamor, pushing 
forward. 
While Garfield was taken aback by their naive yet malicious 
expressions, Ryan couldn’t help but wonder why there were still such
ignorant fools in the world. 
In fact, Derek had capitalized on this ignorance. Unlike the villagers, 
Derek had completed his junior high school education and amassed 
his wealth through dubious means. 
He took advantage of a national program to secure a position and remained in the village to oversee its development. 
At that time, background scrutiny was minimal. As long as you 
pt 256 Dalton Larnets Those With Hacking 
contributed to rural development, you were regarded as 
commendable. 
Consequently, with Derek’s cunning and social skills, the Macintosh family also established a relationship in Kingbourne. 
While his old buddy struck it rich and departed the village, Derek chose to stay, relishing his role as a village king. With his extensive network throughout Havenlight County, he felt invulnerable. 
Furthermore, the reserved and uneducated locals proved to be easy targets for his manipulation, allowing him to overcome anything 
obstacles.
Derek cowered behind the elderly villagers, glaring menacingly at Wynter. If he managed to escape this time, he vowed to make Wynter regret ever crossing him, regardless of her background! 
Suddenly, an unusual gust of wind swept overhead, accompanied by the sound of aircraft blades. Numerous operatives descended on 
ropes. 
The most conspicuous among them, dressed impeccably in a suit, 
was Dalton. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Play
###chapter257
Chapter 257 That Is My Girlfriend 
Dalton’s short brown hair swayed in the air, accentuating his 
distinguished and striking presence as he descended gracefully. He looked as if he was bathed in moonlight. 
He landed on one knee. He was adorned with leather gloves and had a pair of golden-framed glasses resting on his nose. 
No one could tell from his skillful landing that he was suffering from a long-standing illness if his pale complexion hadn’t given it away. 
As Dalton touched down, operatives emerged from the surrounding mist. Eight heavily modified SUVs arrived with roaring engines, 
drawing everyone’s attention to the red markings adorning the 
vehicles. 
“Chief! What’s going on?” The villagers panicked, having never witnessed anything like this before. 
Even Garfield, who had only watched such large-scale operations on TV, was taken aback. Derek’s eyes darted nervously as he pondered 
how to manipulate the villagers to escape once more. 
The operatives swiftly formed a perimeter around the group. Their brisk movements and authoritative uniforms added to the urgency of 
the situation.
“Chief, they’re-” The elderly villagers felt a sense of dread. 
“Don’t worry, we’re not ordinary folks. We’re pioneers with 
commendable service.” Derek’s confidence propelled him forward, 
badge in hand, as he addressed the lead operative. “Comrade, we- 
Chopy-257 That is My Gulfriend 
But before he could finish his sentence, the stern-faced operative swiftly pinned him to the ground. His movements were fast and precise. 
“You can’t treat me like this!” Derek protested as he struggled with his face pressed against the ground. 
“Derek Macintosh, we are the Top Unit. We’ve been instructed to request your cooperation in an investigation. Please comply. Any resistance or provocation will be met with force.” 
“T-the Top Unit?” Derek was stunned. He was a self-made man who was more knowledgeable than the average civilian. 
When Garfield confronted him, even upon realizing that the injured man was Elliot Quinnel, he faced the situation fearlessly. He knew that he could escape legal responsibility if the entire village was 
implicated. 
With a little help from his old buddy and manipulation of public opinion, he was certain he could evade consequences. 
However, upon hearing the mention of “the Top Unit”, he knew he was doomed! Why would the Top Unit be involved in a human trafficking
case? 
With his face sore from being pressed against the ground, Darek 
watched as Dalton, clad in a black suit, approached him. 
Dalton’s striking appearance and dignified demeanor instilled a sense 
of chilling superiority in Derek under his gaze. Removing his gloves and handing them to one of his men, Dalton spoke in a calm tone. 
“Derek, your old buddy asked me to pass on a message. He said 
(Choog 257 Thut is My Girlfriend 
you’ve brought him in big trouble and wanted me to deliver you to him. 
“H- How did you know?” Derek felt a chill run down his spine, wondering who this man exactly was. 
No one, not even Derek’s wife, knew about Derek’s relationship with his old buddy! While Derek had hinted at a connection in Kingbourne, he never disclosed specifics, preferring to allow his old buddy to manipulate things discreetly. 
Dalton gazed at him casually and said, “You abducted my girlfriend, so it’s only fair if I did a little digging on you. Don’t worry, Derek. I’ll take care of your son. You can rest assured.” 
“No, you can’t do that! I have a badge! I have merit!” Derek yelled. 
Dalton looked at him nonchalantly. Then, on behalf of the government, I’ll take your badge. So much for being a pioneer of a
rural village, huh? And do I need to remind you of the blood on your 
hands?” 
Derek’s face drained of color instantly. 
Wynter listened quietly, her l*ps slightly curled. How had she not noticed that her exceptionally attractive patient could speak so 
eloquently?
###chapter258
Chapter 258 I Can Find That Person for You 
Derek’s knees buckled beneath him. Dalton had known too much. So much so that Derek had no idea how to clear his name. 
Shaking with fear at the sight of the small military aircraft and SUVs surrounding them, the elderly villagers had no clue who Dalton was, nor did they dare to speculate. 
They were all too aware that Dalton must have wielded considerable influence. Otherwise, he couldn’t have orchestrated such a massive 
operation. 
The idea of the Macintoshes almost coercing the girlfriend of such a powerful figure into marrying into their family was unthinkable! 
Even the elderly villagers trembled at the mere thought. With their expressions tinged with regret, the Macintoshes felt the weight of their actions-particularly Cheryl. 
As Cheryl watched Derek being taken away by the operatives, her mind raced. She had underestimated Wynter, thinking her to be a 
naive student who could be easily manipulated with money and 
sweet words. 
Fanny had even assured her that Wynter was nothing like her daughter, Yvette, who was now the heiress of a wealthy family in 
Kingbourne.
оп 
Fanny described Wynter as just a foolish student, more focused her online part-time gigs than her poor academic performance, which resulted in her parents disowning her. 
Change 258 Ich 
As Cheryl pondered Fanny’s words, she felt an intense urge to confront her. If only Fanny had bothered to investigate Wynter’s background thoroughly, perhaps the Macintosh family wouldn’t be in such dire straits now. 
Everything was ruined! The Macintosh family’s decade-long prestige was all gone now! Everyone on the scene was frozen in fear, cowering on the ground with their heads bowed. 
The operatives acted swiftly. They apprehended their targets and ensured those deserving of imprisonment were taken into custody. 
Garfield’s hands grew cold as he realized he couldn’t evade 
investigation in this matter. 
However, Dalton, leading the operation, didn’t offer him a quick resolution. Instead, his icy gaze focused on Hubert, who was babbling incoherently, as Dalton addressed Garfield. 
“Mr. Wade, is this the competent assistant you wish to promote?” 
“I- It’s all a misunderstanding! We Havenlight County-“Garfield tried to explain, regretting his entanglement with the Macintosh family. 
“But this isn’t the first time Havenlight County has been implicated in 
such matters,” Dalton interjected, producing a newspaper out of
nowhere. 
He then continued, “Seven years ago, a female teacher from 
Havenlight County was hailed as an inspirational figure. Ironically, 
she was trafficked into your county too.” 
Dalton pressed the newspaper into Garfield’s hand and added, “Mr. 
Wade, don’t pretend you didn’t know about this. 
“After all, during that time, the Macintosh family flourished, and the Quirk family even received the title of ‘kind-hearted matchmaker’ title, which you bestowed upon them.” 
Garfield’s legs weakened, nearly giving away beneath him. Realizing the gravity of the situation, he knew he had to speak up or face the consequences. With little hope of assistance from the Scott family, he understood he was on his own. 
“I admit it! I’ll confess everything!” he exclaimed, locking eyes with Elliot. “Mr. Quinnell, you haven’t located the person you’re looking for, have you? If I approach the Quirks on your behalf, they’ll surely provide information!” 
His words struck a nerve with Elliot, aggravating his already feverish 
state. 
Ryan’s fury erupted. “I’ve asked you countless times before, and each time you claimed ignorance!” 
“Mr. Lloyd, I need to keep a trump card to secure myself, don’t I?” Garfield responded, avoiding his gaze. “As you’ve seen, the folks of Paradise Village aren’t forthcoming with strangers. You won’t get
any useful information from them, but I might.” 
Elliot approached Garfield, clutching his injured shoulder. “If you dare deceive the Quinnells, I’ll strip off my uniform and personally send 
you to hell.” 
Garfield shuddered, speaking cautiously, “Mr. Quinnell, I swear on my family’s honor that the person you’re seeking is among the girls the Quirks trafficked. Only they know who and where the girl is now.”
###chapter259
Chapter 259 Can’t Dislike Elliot 
Upon hearing Garfield’s words, Wynter paused. Her hand hovered over the purple sugilite pendant. Ryan glanced at Wynter, his m*uth slightly agape. If that was the case, then Wynter… 
Wynter knew what Ryan was thinking. She furrowed her brows slightly and said, “I was switched at birth, not trafficked.” 
At least, that was what the Quirks had claimed, though they weren’t exactly trustworthy. Wynter decided to keep that part to herself. Honestly, she found the actions of the Quinnells, raising that spoiled 
woman, rather unacceptable. 
According to Ryan, the Quinnells had been spoiling Naomi simply 
because she looked too much like Ms. Quinnell when she was young. 
From Wynter’s perspective, it was akin to projecting love onto a 
surrogate. 
Nevertheless, it was understandable to lose track of and fail to locate 
a child back then, especially in remote areas. 
After all, the internet was not as widespread at the time. Moreover, facial recognition, DNA sampling, and household registration checks were not as advanced as they were now. 
Moreover, human traffickers often used cunning strategies, making it extremely difficult to recover abducted children. Many parents traversed mountains and rivers, prematurely aging in their relentless
search. 
However, Wynter found the Quinnells’ decision to raise a child solely 
because she resembled their lost girl rather… incomprehensible. 
If all parents in the world acted similarly and allowed a stranger to replace their missing daughter, what hope would remain for those abducted girls who still clung to the hope of being reunited with their 
families? 
Elliot couldn’t quite pinpoint it, but he sensed a subtle reluctance from Wynter toward the Quinnell family, despite her smiling demeanor and light-hearted attitude. His intuition suggested that she harbored some aversion toward the Quinnell family. 
The realization left Elliot feeling somewhat disappointed, though he couldn’t quite understand why. Nevertheless, his overwhelming determination to find his little sister overshadowed these sentiments. 
He turned his gaze toward Dalton. It was evident that the two were acquainted, but not particularly close. 
“Hand him over to me, and I’ll owe you one,” Elliot said urgently. 
Wynter’s attention was drawn by Elliot’s words, causing her to glance at him. Despite his injury, Elliot continued to stand protectively close 
in front of her. 
Although Wynter couldn’t comprehend the actions of the Quinnell family, she couldn’t bring herself to dislike Elliot Quinnell.
It was odd. Given her typically retaliatory nature, she would have normally distanced herself from the family whose adoptive daughter, Naomi, looked down on her and disrupted her and her grandmother’s 
peaceful life. 
Could it be that adversity had forged a friendship between them? 
Wynter’s gaze lingered on Elliot for a long moment as she contemplated. 
Noticing Wynter’s unwavering gaze on Elliot, Dalton tightened his l*ps, and his tone grew colder. “He’s yours. You don’t owe me anything. I’ve already promised Mr. Quinnell Senior to assist in this matter.” 
Extending his hand, Dalton added with a gentle smile, “Can I have my frightened girlfriend back by my side now?” 
Wynter smiled and placed her hand in his. After ensuring she was unharmed, Dalton removed his beaded bracelet and placed it on her 
wrist. 
“I can’t accept this,” Wynter protested. 
They stood so close that she felt as if she was enveloped in his embrace, surrounded by his refreshing scent. 
“It’s to help you relax. You can give it back to me later.” Dalton’s deep voice was rather soothing, “After all, you might have nightmares after what happened today.” 
Nightmare? Wynter wasn’t sure what he meant, but she was often the cause of nightmares for others. 
“I doubt you’ll easily forget someone as ugly as Hubert,” Dalton
offered a plausible explanation. 
Wynter couldn’t deny it. She still couldn’t shake off the memory of Huber’s face or the neighborhood where the Quirks lived. 
Digging into her memory, Wynter began to describe what she had seen. “There are other abducted girls in that neighborhood. I can’t 
rescue them all. 
“Every household has dogs there. When you sneak in, check the sheds and cellars in the yard. 
“The minivan I took is for transportation. It’s parked at the third house from the entrance of the neighborhood. You should start from there.” 
(Claim Your Surprise
###chapter260
Chapter 260 You Can Find Your Sister for Sure 
Wynter’s remarkable memory seemed to have memorized the layout of the Quirks’ neighborhood in her mind. 
“The Quirks should have left the neighborhood and headed somewhere for treatment since they were severely poisoned by me. I suggest splitting up and checking Havenlight Hospital,” she advised. 
Dalton listened quietly, allowing Wynter to finish speaking without 
interruption. 
She looked at him earnestly and said, “Bring Dickson and Fanny to 
1. I have questions for them.” 
Without hesitation, Dalton replied, touching the beaded bracelet,’ 
Okay.” 
” 
This was precisely why Wynter enjoyed being around Dalton. Not only did he offer her comfort, but he also assisted without question. 
Ryan wanted to interject but found himself at a loss for words. He couldn’t shake the nagging thought. Was Wynter truly switched at 
birth?
He vividly recalled the first time he laid eyes on Wynter. He had genuinely mistaken her for Ms. Quinnell… 
If Wynter hadn’t denied it, and if the Quirks hadn’t provided more 
information, Ryan would have insisted on a DNA test. 
According to the Quirks, the abducted girl was thin and small and had 
only left them around the age of 14. She turned out to be a short, 
Change 260 You Can Find Your Sister for Sure 
pretty teenager. Ryan couldn’t help but question the credibility of their 
words now. 
However, Wynter never responded well to being pressured, and she had also mentioned that she had never left Southdale since 
childhood. 
Ryan’s mind was swirling with questions. He decided to interrogate the Quirks first before jumping to conclusions. Everything would become clear once the truth emerged. 
Elliot, despite running a high fever, remained determined to find his little sister as soon as possible. 
“Mr. Elliot, leave this to me. You should go and check your injury first,” Ryan advised him in a hushed tone. 
“I’m fine. Go get the car,” Elliot insisted firmly.
Sensing his determination, Wynter placed her hand on his chest. Elliot 
raised his eyebrow in surprise. 
“You need to disinfect the wound and get an IV started right away. 
Get some rest. Your wound is severely infected, and may require surgery.” Wynter’s advice was sound. 
“When my sister went missing, my brother Tobias and I bore the weight of the responsibility,” Elliot suddenly said in a low voice. “If only we had kept a closer watch on her. 
“We were buying her a toy to try and cheer her up. But in a blink of an 
eye, she vanished.” Elliot’s voice cracked with emotion. 
“Do you remember the cellar you rescued me from? Now, whenever I close my eyes, I can’t help but wonder if my sister was also trapped 
Chapter 260 You Can Find Your Sister for Sure 
there. She was so small. How could she have 
endured it 
“Could she have survived in such a cruel, heartless place? Or did she suffer the same fate as the little girl we met, assimilated into their world?”, Elliot lowered his head, his eyes tinged with red. “I have to get the answers from those two monsters myself!” 
“Three hours,” Wynter said, raising her hand and expertly inserting silver needles into various acupuncture points on his body. “Whether you’ve found your answers or not, let Ryan bring you to me after three
hours.” 
Ryan felt a wave of relief hearing Wynter’s instructions. 
Ever since the incident with Naomi, Wynter had distanced herself 
from the Quinnell family. Wynter was someone who clearly distinguished between those she liked and disliked. 
Although she didn’t know much about the Quinnell family, she 
recognized Elliot’s determination and strong will. 
She admired Elliot’s character, especially when he prioritized her and Yarra’s safety amidst the dire circumstances. Wynter wasn’t 
ungrateful. She believed in repaying kindness twofold. 
“After you get in the car, you’ll probably feel thirsty, so make sure to drink plenty of water to flush your system,” Wynter said in a calm 
tone. 
She then added, “Don’t stress too much. Even in the darkest of times, maintaining a positive mindset can make all the difference. Believe in your wishes, and they will come true You’ll find your sister.” 
Elliot smiled, a glimmer of hope in his eyes. “Okay.”
###chapter261
Chapter 261 Wynter Ponders Own Origin 
Wynter pondered her origin as well. However, with few memories to begin with, she couldn’t recall much, let alone her childhood. 
Nevertheless, she doubted this matter would have such a 
melodramatic twist. How cliche would it be if she turned out to be the 
heiress of the Quinnell family? 
She dismissed the thought, knowing she looked nothing like Naomi, whom the Quinnells had adopted. Nonetheless, the answer would soon be unveiled once they demanded an explanation from Fanny … 
Observing from a distance, Dalton’s gaze deepened. Although it was inappropriate to put it this way, he couldn’t help but think how nice it would be if he were the person Wynter rescued from the cellar. 
Escaping from a desolate village together would surely have strengthened their bond. Perhaps even Wynter herself hadn’t realized. the inexplicable feelings she had for Elliot after the incident. 
With the breeze blowing behind him, Dalton swallowed hard, and the chill emanating from him grew stronger. 
Sensing the chill, Ethan didn’t dare to approach Dalton, so he reported from the side, “Sir, we’ve apprehended all the targets. And here’s the 
item you requested…” 
Quietly observing the unfolding development before her eyes,
especially as she witnessed Elliot’s determination to search for his sister, a mix of fear and hope welled up in Yarra’s heart. 
“Wynter,” she called out. 
Chapter 261 Wynter Fonders Own Ongin 
Wynter turned to Yarra, who had been hiding behind her and clutching the corner of her clothes. 
Wary of the crowd around them, Yarra whispered tremulously in Wynter’s ear, “Now that everything’s over, do you think I can go home 
now?” 
Yarra couldn’t help but worry if her parents had perhaps long forgotten about her and moved on with their lives. If that were the 
case, her return might disrupt their peaceful life. 
“Would they resent me for having a child out of wedlock?” Yarra asked timidly. Her insecurity and anxiety had turned her into a coward, clinging to Wynter for support. 
She then added, trying to comfort herself, “It’s understandable if they can’t accept me. I believe they still love me and want me back. It’s just that the mountains are too deep for them to find me.” 
“They still love you, regardless,” Dalton interjected before Wynter could respond. He walked toward them with a piece of paper in hand 
“They’re still looking for you. They’re currently at the train station i Southdale. Everyone there knows about a couple selling pancakes while asking about their daughter.’ 
As Yarra saw the paper Dalton handed to her, she couldn’t hold back
her tears any longer. 
“Wynter, this is the picture of me when I left. My parents have been searching for me all this time! I still have someone who cares for me!” 
“Yes, you do,” Wynter affirmed. The hostility that had been brewing in Wynter’s eyes dissipated considerably. 
Chant: 261 Wyn poders Dani Origin 
She turned to Dalton, who stood next to her, and complimented him with a faint smile, “You came prepared. Nice work.” 
“It was nothing, compared to a certain fearless lady who risked her 
life in the name of justice.” Dalton’s voice was cold. His emotions were too complex to discern. 
She had no idea how stupefied he was when he saw her 
livestreaming. 
Dalton sighed deeply, taking off his coat and draping it over her shoulders. “Let’s make a deal. Bring me along if you’re going to do something big like this in the future. 
In the end, Dalton still couldn’t bring himself to muster any stern words for Wyter. Instead, he offered her some lozenges. 
“Take some lozenges. I’ll take you to rest after finishing up here,” 
Dalton said.
Gratefully, Wynter accepted, feeling a sense of relief as Dalton took charge. She then reached for Yarra’s hand and urged, “Here, you 
should take one too.” 
“No thanks. Your boyfriend brought it specially for you. I’ll save it for your wedding favors,” Yarra declined, her mood visibly brightened 
after shedding tears. 
Wynter wanted to clarify that Dalton was just her boyfriend by contract. But when she caught sight of his deep gaze, she 
instinctively nodded in agreement. 
Clearly pleased with her response, Dalton turned away. A faint curve appeared on his l*ps, enhancing his charming profile. 
Chang 261 Wymer Ponders Own Origin 
Meanwhile, Fanny and Dickson were on their way to Havenlight 
Hospital, thinking everything had gone according to plan, unaware of what awaited them…
###chapter262
Chapter 262 Tell Us About the Abducted Girl 
The doctors at Havenlight Hospital explicitly told the Quirks that the poison was incurable. 
With bandages wrapped around his head, Nathan began to cry loudly and utter unreasonable accusations, “You look down on us rural folk, 
don’t you? Why else won’t you cure us?” 
Many villagers had joined him and stood on his side. Seeing that the commotion was getting out of hand, the doctors began to worry 
someone would get hurt. 
“I don’t care! You must cure my grandson’s poison now!” Nathan 
demanded. 
His eyes reddened as he tried to grab a nurse. The nurse was scared stiff, and her expression turned pale 
Suddenly, a group of operatives rushed in through the main entrance and pressed Nathan to the ground without hesitation. 
“What are you doing? Let me go!” Nathan shouted as he struggled. 
When the villagers tried to help him, Garfield intervened, “No one 
moves!” 
“Mr. Wade?” Nathan was taken aback, turning his head in fright.
Garfield ignored him. Respectfully stepping aside, he said, “This way, 
Mr. Quinnell.” 
The person who emerged from behind was none other than the man 
Chapter 260 Ti IIs About thw ADDUCIOU ULI 
who had been locked in the Quirks’ cellar for four days-Elliot Quinnell. 
Noticing Garfield’s respectful demeanor and how he addressed the man as “Mr. Quinnell”, Nathan’s heart raced faster than ever. Feeling like the sky was falling, Nathan dared not to imagine who the man 
was. 
Elliot spoke in an icy tone, “Where are your eldest son and daughter-in- 
law?” 
Nathan glanced at Garfield with hesitation. Garfield urged anxiously,” What are you looking at me for? Speak up!” 
Trembling in fear, Nathan pointed to a ward behind him. 
Elliot glanced back and ordered, “Take him away, along with the rest of the villagers.” 
The operatives immediately handcuffed the people. With the 
cooperation of the local authorities, they arrested at least six of them. 
Those who had connections with the Quirk family were all stupefied. Nathan knew from the movement he was pinned to the ground that the Quirk family was doomed.
If he had known that bringing Wynter back would bring such 
misfortune upon the Quirk family, he would never have entertained 
the thought! 
Elliot didn’t show mercy to any wrongdoers, particularly those from Paradise Village who exploited others under the guise of “unity”. 
Even now, Fanny and Dickson had occupied others’ beds in the ward without permission. Lying in the bed with an IV drip, hanging, Fanny breathed heavily 
Whenever her emotions surged, she fought the urge to vomit blood and focused on staying calm. Nevertheless, she couldn’t shake the thought of how Wynter had offended the Macintoshes. 
She couldn’t wait to see how Wynter would manage to escape this situation. The Macintosh family wielded great power, so they would 
not let her off lightly! 
Once the Macintoshes captured Wynter, Fanny would make sure Wynter would wish she were dead! 
However, little did Fanny know that their main supporter, Derek Macintosh, had already been arrested while she and her family were desperately finding a cure for their poison. 
As Elliot pushed open the door, Beny tried to rise defiantly. His expression changed upon spotting him. The operatives acted swiftly, pinning Beny’s head down. 
With his body temperature already running high, Elliot paid little attention to anyone else. His gaze was fixed intently on Fanny.
Without hesitation, he sprinkled the powder Wynter had given him on 
Fanny and Dickson. 
Before Fanny could unleash a tirade, she found herself feeling better. Suspicion crept into her gaze as she looked at Elliot. 
Following Wynter’s instructions, Elliot declared, “This is half of the antidote. I’ll give you the other half depending on your answers. If you 
don’t tell me what I want to know, you can say goodbye to your son 
after two hours.” 
Unaware that Wynter had fabricated this ultimatum, Elliot’s words. 
nevertheless had a profound effect. After all, Fanny and Dickson valued their son above all else 
With Garfield now standing by Elliot’s side Bany and Nathan were 
both escorted away by the operange along with their accompanying relatives leaving Fanny and Dickscalated Dickson’s expression 
turner pale 
As simple minded at he was heerstood that his only chance of 
survival was to tell the truth
###chapter263
Chomper 263 Tell Us About the Abducted Girl 
nevertheless had a profound effect. After all, Fanny and Dickson 
valued their son above all else. 
With Garfield now standing by Elliot’s side, Beny and Nathan were both escorted away by the operatives, along with their accompanying relatives, leaving Fanny and Dickson isolated. Dickson’s expression 
turned pale. 
As simple-minded as he was, he understood that his only chance of 
survival was to tell the truth! 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Playb 
Chapter 263 Found Out About Miss Quinnell 
While Elliot interrogated Fanny and Dickson, Ryan waited outside the ward. Fanny had already recognized him, so she was likely to be more defiant and reluctant to tell the truth with him around. 
Ryan was right. Fanny was indeed a cunning woman. 
Upon hearing Elliot mention the word “trafficking”, Fanny quickly argued, “Some people are desperate for children, while others have too many and want to sell. We just serve as intermediaries. We 
abducted no children.”
Elliot’s eyes turned cold at her words. “Looks like your son’s life means nothing to you either.” 
Then, he glanced at Garfield standing beside him. “Mr. Wade, it seems you’re not as useful as you claimed to be.” 
Garfield was drenched in cold sweat upon hearing Elliot’s words. 
He quickly pulled Dickson aside and said, “The Macintosh family is finished. If your wife doesn’t start telling the truth, your whole family 
might end up in prison for life!” 
Dickson shuddered at the thought. He slapped Fanny hard across the 
face and shouted, “Start confessing already!” 
He couldn’t help but wonder how he ended up with such a foolish wife. He couldn’t believe she was still trying to be clever at a time like 
this. 
Fanny was stunned by the slap. Holding her face, she began to shift 
unkt ir About Mi 
the blame away from herself. 
“Dickson Quirk! When money was pouring in, you relished counting your riches and indulging in other women. Now that trouble has struck, you want to act like you’re not part of this? Dream on! If it weren’t for your family pressuring me to bear a son, would I have resorted to stealing other people’s children?”
“What nonsense are you talking about, you wretched woman!” Dickson attempted to hit her again. “You’re the one who did it!” 
Not interested in their squabble, Elliot slammed his gun on the table and questioned in a stern tone, “Where did the children you abducted 
from Kingbourne go?” 
The Quirks stared at the gun, their pupils dilating. 
“K-Kingbourne? We never abducted any from Kingbourne. Really! The surveillance there is too tight. I wouldn’t dare,” Fanny stammered. 
But we did take a few from the outskirts nearby.” 
“That’s right! We started from Spring Hill. There were more children there.” Dickson’s voice trembled. “We sold some older ones along the way, but we have no idea where they ended up. In the end, we only brought back two children to the village. Both were less than one year 
old.” 
Upon hearing this, Elliot’s emotions turned rather unstable. That was exactly the age of his lost sister! 
“What month was that?” he asked anxiously. 
“It’s been too long, I can’t remember specifically. But it was when the 
maple leaves in Spring Hill turned red,” Dickson replied. 
Chapje znate puplet Alout Miss Gunneb
Elliot recalled taking photos with their little sister amidst the red maple leaves. In other words, his sister was one of the two children who ended up in Paradise Village. But the question was, which one? 
Elliot tightened his grip. Despite the urgency of the situation, he showed no sign of anxiety. Instead, he pressed for more details, 
asking, “Describe those two one-year-old children. What features did they have?” 
“Features? One of them had appearance, with a 
a very 
birthmark on the neck. The other-” Dickson stopped abruptly. 
“And the other one?” Elliot’s gaze bore into him. 
Fanny tugged at Dickson’s sleeve, realizing the same thing her husband just noticed. The other child was the troublemaker they had 
brought home earlier-Wynter! 
When they first brought Wynter home at just one year old, she was nothing but trouble. She wouldn’t stop crying even when they kept her 
in the cellar. 
Fearing that her cries might attract unwanted attention, they decided to swap her with another baby at the Havenlight Hospital when no one noticed. In reality, Dickson and Fanny had never had a daughter. 
Fanny had kept this secret well hidden for years, with only a handful of people in the Paradise Village knowing about her past miscarriage. She had even managed to obtain a birth certification for her
“daughter 
Therefore, it was no wonder that Ryan hadn’t discovered this at the 
beginning. 
happy 263 Found Chat Abbot Miss Quinnell 
“The other one-” Fanny forced a fake smile and replied, “It’s been too long. We can’t recall much about the other one.” 
However, Ryan, who had been listening quietly outside the door, had a faint inkling of who the other one might be.
###chapter264
Chapter 264 Miss Quinnell Finally Revealed 
Ryan contained his excitement. After piecing together the Quirks’ lies and motives, and observing their deliberate attempts to conceal the truth, Ryan reached a seemingly impossible but logical conclusion. 
He pushed the door open abruptly and voiced his inner speculation,” You and the Yates family didn’t switch children, did you? You simply didn’t like the one you abducted, so you exchanged her for another. The truth is, you never actually had a daughter!” 
Fanny was taken aback by Ryan’s sudden appearance, and her expression changed abruptly. Wasn’t he the relative of that troublemaker, Wynter? Did he and Mr. Quinnell know each other? 
Ryan didn’t beat around the bush. “You deliberately led me to inquire with the Yates family, who believed that Wynter is your biological 
daughter. 
“The Yates family harbor resentment toward Wynter for supposedly usurping their daughter’s identity all these years. Considering their animosity toward Wynter, they wouldn’t disclose the truth to me. Essentially, they must have deceived me about the information they 
provided! 
“The second time I visited you, you mentioned that a child from Kingbourne was adopted by someone in a village called Stone Village, but you weren’t sure if it was the one I was looking for. The child left around the age of 14 and was quite short. 
“I followed the leads you provided diligently, but to no avail! How 
foolish of me! I should have realized that you’re traffickers!”
“Mr. Elliot,” Ryan said, turning to Elliot with reddened eyes. “Ms. Quinnell… she’s… she’s the one who saved you today!” 
The Quirks became visibly agitated upon hearing Ryan’s words, especially Fanny. 
She promptly retorted, “Hey! Can you not jump to conclusions like that? That’s our child you’re talking about!” 
Despite feeling uneasy about the truth being exposed, Fanny knew she couldn’t afford to back down as this was their only chance of 
survival. 
Elliot’s ears were drowned in silence as Ryan revealed that Wynter was his sister. Lowering his head, Elliot felt a surge of indescribable 
emotion in his chest. 
Ignoring his wound, he grasped Ryan’s hand and flashed a joyful smile, one he had never experienced before. 
“No wonder, Mr. Lloyd… I felt a sense of calm familiarity the moment I laid eyes on her. She’s my sister!” Elliot’s eyes sparkled with 
newfound realization. “She’s my sister!” 
It was believed that blood relatives often shared a unique bond, particularly biological siblings. Elliot had never encountered such a 
sensation before. 
An intense longing compelled him to see her immediately, to gently
stroke her head, and to assure her that her brother had arrived and no 
one would ever dare to harm her again! 
Ryan had never seen Elliot in such a state before. At home, Elliot was typically reserved. Even his mother, Marie, wished he would open up 
Chord: 264 Misis Quinnell i imaty Revea-d 
more. 
He spent most of his time in the Air Force, where he commanded respect and obedience. Though polite with well-mannered, he seemed distant from his family. 
Even Fabian, Elliot’s grandfather, questioned whether bringing Naomi 
into their family was the right decision. Since her arrival, Elliot’s 
demeanor had noticeably changed. 
Despite Elliot’s initial ions, Fabian felt compelled to bring Naomi into their family to ease Marie’s grief over her lost daughter. It was a difficult decision, but one that Fabian believed was necessary. 
to keep their family intact. 
“Mr. Lloyd, quickly! Call Grandpa!” Elliot’s demeanor reverted to its 
former self. “Let him know that we’ve found his real granddaughter! 
The true Miss Quinnell!” 
As for Naomi, no matter how much she resembled his sister in her
childhood, Elliot could never warm up to her. 
Yet, Naomi’s presence undeniably lifted Marie’s spirits, and even his 
father, Shane, had grown fond of her. 
Though Elliot understood Fabian’s decision was made for the family’s 
sake, he and his brother, Tobias, remained firm in their belief that no 
one could replace their little sister!
###chapter265
Chapter 265 She Is My One and Only Sister 
After all these years, Elliot and Tobias were eager to reunite with their little sister as soon as possible. 
However, they were also concerned that searching under the Quinnell family name might endanger her, as many sought to claim the title of the Quinnell family heiress Putting up a reward would only jeopardize 
her safety. 
Despite hiring countless private detectives, with each yielding little hope, Elliot and Tobias refused to give up. 
They built a secret base filled with their sister’s photos, celebrating her birthday there every year, imagining what she would be like when 
she grew up. 
Now, seeing her with his own eyes, Elliot felt overwhelming joy. His sister turned out even better than he and Tobias had imagined! 
He simply couldn’t wait any longer. “I’m going to see my sister now! I’ll tell her that I’m her fifth brother!” 
“Mr. Elliot,” Ryan interjected, seizing his arm and speaking in a hushed tone, “what I said earlier was mere speculation. Although it’s highly likely, we still need to confirm DNA confirmation. 
“Given the past troubles the Quinnell family has faced, we can’t rely 
solely on intuition.”
Elliot sneered. “DNA? That can be falsified!” Elliot not only trusted his instincts more, but the Quirks’ reaction also further yalidated Ryan’s 
suspicions. 
Chapp Jesse My One and Only Sister 
“Mr. Elliot, to protect Ms. Quinnell from criticism, we must obtain DNA 
evidence,” Ryan said firmly. 
If it were anyone else but Wynter, Ryan might not have been as cautious. But given their relationship, he couldn’t afford any missteps! 
“We also need to find evidence that proves the Quirks are not 
Wynter’s biological parents. Their testimony must establish Ms. 
Quinnell’s origins!” Ryan asserted, drawing from his experience as a 
shrewd businessman. 
Only then would there be no room for doubt. The Quinnells were all 
clever ones. Elliot was no exception. 
Even though Elliot spent most of his time in the military, he immediately grasped what Ryan was getting at. To ensure Wynter could return home without worries, these measures were indeed 
necessary.
“Let’s keep the news of Wynter’s discovery under wraps for now.” Giving Garfield a serious look, Elliot said, “Mr. Wade, you’re a smart man. I trust you won’t divulge the secrets of the Quinnell family 
recklessly, will you?” 
Garfield caught the warning in his words and wiped the cold sweat from his brow. “Mr. Quinnell, even if you lent me the courage of ten 
thousand, I wouldn’t dare. But others…” He glanced at the Quirks. 
Realizing their situation was dire, Fanny felt her resolve weakening. With the truth out in the open, Fanny was tempted to leak the 
information. 
However, Elliot wasn’t going to give her the chance. He handed her 
over to the Top Unit immediately. Fanny screamed hysterically, but no one paid any attention to her excuses anymore. 
She had everything planned and hidden so well, until that 
troublemaker, Wynter, showed up and saved her brother! 
Never in her wildest dreams did Fanny imagine that the man captured 
by the entire village turned out to be Wynter’s brother! That troublemaker had quite the luck! Filled with hatred, Fanny’s heart 
twisted.
Realizing the tables had turned against them, Dickson trembled as he swore, “You can trust me. I won’t say a thing. I’ll do anything you say!” 
Fanny thought if she refused to cooperate, Elliot would never be able to reunite with Wynter. But she didn’t anticipate that her husband 
would betray her and switch sides! 
Dickson pushed her aside and divulged every detail of their trafficking operation, including how they transported each child and where they 
were sent. 
He even documented Fanny’s miscarriage in his confession, providing photos of the trafficked children. These photos weren’t kept for sentimental reasons. They were provided to buyers to facilitate trade 
Each photo was numbered and labeled with features to aid in price negotiations. Buyers generally preferred boys over girls, unless the girls were particularly adorable and compliant. 
When Wynter’s childhood photo, numbered seven, was revealed, Elliot’s eyes instantly reddened!
###chapter266
Chapter 266 Wynter’s Childhood Look 
Elliot, who was typically calm and composed, spoke with a sense of urgency. “Mr. Lloyd, do you still think we need to bother with that 
nonsense DNA evidence? The girl in this photo is clearly my sister!” 
Elliot was utterly convinced the girl in the photograph was none other 
than Ms. Quinnell. While others believed Naomi bore a resemblance 
to Wynter, Elliot saw no similarity between them. 
To him, the girl in the photo was unmistakably his real sister, still enjoying her candy despite her dirty face and having been abducted. 
She gazed at the camera with a sleepy, yet endearing, expression. Her big eyes and chubby face were unmistakable. 
And she was wearing the tiger hat Elliot and Tobias had made for her the day she disappeared. Elliot recognized that hat by its crooked 
strips. He and Tobias hadn’t done a good job sewing it. 
Ryan couldn’t contain his excitement either. He had vivid memories of Ms. Quinnell’s appearance on the day she was abducted. Although he had his suspicions, he was thrilled when they were confirmed. 
“Mr. Elliot! I’m calling Mr. Quinnell Senior right now!” Ryan’s eyes 
welled up with tears as he reached for his phone.
But before he could dial the number, there was a sudden thud. Elliot, who had been standing in front of him, suddenly collapsed backward! 
Ryan panicked and called for the doctors outside the ward. The 
doctors and nurses in Havenlight Hospital quickly rushed over. 
Chang 266 Wynter’s Childhood Look 
One of the doctors, Dr. Sander, examined Elliot and spoke with a tone 
of displeasure. 
“How could you let him interrogate when he’s running such a high fever? This fever was caused by the injury on his shoulder. Was his 
arm reattached after it was broken?” 
Aware of Elliot’s critical condition, Ryan anxiously supported him, 
intending to take him to Wynter immediately. However, the doctors 
couldn’t permit him to transport the patient in such a state. 
Ryan felt anxious and helpless. “Why can’t you people understand? I 
must-” 
Suddenly, someone grabbed him from behind. It was Wynter. “Easy 
there, Ryan. What’s going on?” she asked calmly. 
“Wynter!” Ryan turned to her and gripped her hand tightly. “M- Mr.
Elliot suddenly passed out! I’ve been keeping track of the time, and it’s 
not even been three hours. Why-” 
Wynter crouched down, swiftly assessing Elliot’s condition. Ryan’s 
heart gradually calmed down, reassured by Wynter’s presence. After 
all, there was no ailment Wynter couldn’t cure! 
Wynter had come to Havenlight Hospital because Yarra and her child 
needed nourishment. Additionally, she was growing concerned as she 
hadn’t received any news from Ryan while time was ticking away. 
Hence, she decided it would be more efficient to come to the hospital 
herself. 
Wynter held Elliot’s wrist with one hand while handing Dr. Sander a 
document and token with the other Every medical professional was 
-Eb-Mhzed Lock 
familiar with that token, but only a select few had ever laid eyes on it. 
In earlier days, Florand had awarded this token to Dr. Bell during his 
travels in the country. Subsequently, only experts who made significant contributions to the medical field possessed this token.
Dr. Sander was taken aback by the sight of the token. “Who are you?” 
“He’s my patient. I was the one who reattached his arm,” Wynter 
replied swiftly yet calmly. “I need an operating room. The patient has 
lost a lot of blood and hasn’t eaten for a long time. How’s the stock 
of the hospital’s blood bank?” 
Dr. Sander nodded, acknowledging her professionalism. “We’re short 
on special blood types, but other types are sufficient.” 
“Good,” Wynter responded, her expression cold yet beautiful. “Ryan, what’s his blood type?” 
“O positive!” Ryan answered promptly. 
“I’m also O positive. Please conduct an RH blood type and a cross- 
match test for both of us,” Wynter instructed Dr. Sander. “See if we’re 
compatible. If we are, use mine.” 
“Okay,” Dr. Sander agreed. 
However, Ryan interjected, “We can’t use your blood!” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow, slightly puzzled. Why was Ryan so 
adamant? It didn’t sound like him. 
Ryan was anxious. “Trust me, Wynter. We really can’t use your blood!”
###chapter267
Chapter 267 Informing Fabian 
“Okay,” Wynter replied, despite her doubts. She prioritized Elliot’s rescue above all else. “Does he have any allergies or medication. 
restrictions? Any aversion to drugs like penicillin?” 
“None,” Ryan replied. 
As they conversed, the stretcher arrived. Wynter handled the situation with professionalism, swiftly placing Elliot flat on the stretcher before hurrying to the operating room. She was followed closely by the 
doctors and nurses. 
Ryan was sweating profusely with anxiety. Despite his eagerness to inform Wynter of her true identity as Ms. Quinnell, he refrained from doing so, fearing it might affect her emotions and the surgery. 
The light above the operating room door illuminated. After settling 
the remaining operation matters, Dalton approached Ryan once 
Wynter had entered the operating room. 
“Have you found your Miss Quinnell?” Dalton asked in an indifferent tone, unaware of the specifics of the search as he had come to assist 
in the village rescue operation only. 
After a brief hesitation, Ryan decided not to reveal Wynter’s true identity, simply muttering, “Yes, we have.”
“Good,” Dalton remarked, his eyes expressing a sense of relief. 
With this, he would no longer owe anything to the Quinnell family, and that ridiculous childhood engagement could finally come to an end. 
Chapter 267 informing Fatman 
Meanwhile, in the operating room, Wynter, clad in a mask and medical scrubs, swiftly cut open Elliot’s shirt, calmly issuing instructions in a professional tone. 
“Administer anesthesia at low dosage. Monitor the patient’s blood 
pressure. Surgical forceps, scalpel…” 
Initially, the doctors were skeptical of Wynter’s capability due to her age. However, as they witnessed her skillful movements with the 
scalpel, their eyes widened in amazement. Her incision was precise, 
and she conducted the surgery at a remarkable speed. 
Despite the limited resources of Havenlight Hospital, the surgery proceeded smoothly. It was evident that a talented surgeon could excel anywhere, regardless of the hospital facilities! 
The doctors couldn’t help but feel relieved that Wynter was the one 
performing the surgery. As it progressed, they could see the 
complexity of the procedure.
Due to the prolonged delay and the patient’s resistance to 
medication, along with complications from the shoulder injury, 
careful consideration of the proper incision was necessary. However, 
the doctors were not prepared for that. 
Nevertheless, Wynter’s experience was evident. She knew exactly 
where to make cuts with just a glance at the medical mirror. 
Meanwhile, Ryan remained outside, anxiously waiting. When he saw a 
nurse hurriedly emerge from the operating room, he quickly 
approached her and asked, “How’s the patient?” 
“Don’t worry, the surgery went smoothly. That young lady is amazing! 
(Chupp 20/informing Fabian: 
She’s stitching him up now, and we expect the surgery to be 
completed in about ten minutes,” the nurse replied with a warm smile, sharing the joy of the patient’s family. 
Given that Elliot and Ryan had shielded them from the chaos earlier, 
the medical staff were especially pleased that the surgery had been 
successful. Ryan finally let out a sigh of relief.
Seeing that Dalton was preoccupied, he carefully made his way to the 
stairwell and called Quinnell Corporation in Kingbourne, instead of the 
Quinnell residence. 
He decided to reach out to Fabian, Elliot’s grandfather, using the company line so he wouldn’t alert anyone other than Fabian to the 
situation. 
As long as Wynter hadn’t safely returned to the Quinnell family, he 
understood he needed to proceed cautiously. The call was redirected 
to the CEO’s office from the secretary’s desk. 
Meanwhile, at the top floor of Quinnell Corporation, Fabian declined 
all visitors, citing his unavailability. 
“I’ve heard that Dr. Yvette Yates is quite competent, Mr. Quinnell. 
Given your recent health issues, should I-” Before Alexis Hartman, 
Fabian’s secretary, could finish his sentence, Ryan’s call was 
redirected to Fabian’s office. 
“Mr. Quinnell, is anyone with you?” Ryan’s call was put on speaker. 
Understanding Ryan’s caution, Fabian promptly gestured for Alexis to lock the door before responding, “Go ahead.”
###chapter268
Chapter 268 Fabian to Meet Miss Quinne!! 
“Mr. Quinnell, we’ve found Ms. Quinnell!” Ryan’s hands trembled with 
excitement, “This time it’s real! She’s right here with me!” 
Fabian abruptly rose from his office chair, his gaze filled with 
disbelief. “Where are you?” 
“We’re at Havenlight Hospital,” Ryan replied, trying to lower his excited 
voice. “Mr. Elliot is here too. He’s already met with Ms. Quinnell. It’s a 
long story. I’ll fill you in on details when you arrive, Mr. Quinnell.” 
Leaning on his dragon cane, Fabian’s eyes sparkled with excitement.” 
Elliot met our little princess already? How did he end up in Havenlight 
County? And how did he meet her?” 
“Long story short, Ms. Quinnell rescued Mr. Elliot. The moment he 
saw her, he felt a connection,” Ryan explained briefly. 
“Mr. Quinnell, you might want to prepare yourself mentally before I 
continue because what I have to say next might surprise you.” 
Overwhelmed with joy, Fabian laughed. “Now that we’ve found our
little princess, nothing can surprise me. I only wish I were as lucky as 
that rascal Elliot who got to see her before me!” 
“Ms. Quinnell is currently performing surgery on Mr. Elliot,” Ryan 
continued, closing his eyes and gathering his resolve. “And Ms. 
Quinnell is none other than Dr. Genius who treated you in Southdale!” 
Shocked by the unexpected revelation, Fabian let go, of his cane, his eyes widening in astonishment. 
Η 
Chaptali Jarabian to Meet Mos Qunnel | 
Alexis, who had been by Fabian’s side for many years, had never seen such an expression on the seasoned businessman. 
Bending down slowly to pick up Fabian’s cane, Alexis’s own expression mirrored Fabian’s shock. His usual composure was 
completely shattered. Did Ryan just say that Dr. Genius was Ms. 
Quinnell? That was truly unexpected 
Suddenly, there was a knock on the door from outside. 
“Mr. Quinnell, are you in? Ms. Naomi is concerned about your health, 
so she brought you some medicinal food,” said Theodore Zuch, a 
staff member of the CEO’s office.
Fabian steadied his emotions and glanced at Alexis. “Alexis, arrangel 
for a car. If anyone asks, tell them I’m on a business trip.” 
“Yes, Mr. Quinnell.” Alexis, Fabian’s most trusted aide besides Ryan, 
quickly complied 
After the previous incident, Fabian was now aware of the internal 
problems within the company, so he decided to tread more carefully 
this time. 
Although the culprit was yet to be found, their priority was to bring Ms. Quinnell home safely! 
As Alexis unlocked the door, Fabian hung up the call and made his way out of his office with the support of his dragon cane. 
Naomi and Fiona were waiting for him outside. Even though they 
were not part of the Quinnell Corporation, the two often came to deliver medicinal food. 
Chapje 265 Fabian to Meet Miss Quinne 
1-3 
“Grandpa!” Naomi rushed to Fabian with reddened eyes. “I’ve been coming here for days, but you’ve refused to see me. Have you finally stopped being angry with me because of that outsider?” 
Alexis listened quietly, finding it amusing to hear such words from the
actual outsider. Ryan had briefed him on what Naomi and Fiona had 
done to Wynter in Southdale. Now… Alexis looked forward to seeing 
how things played out. 
Naomi wiped the corners of her eyes and held up the food container like an endearing bunny. “Grandpa, I spent three hours preparing this medicinal food using only the best herbal medicine. You were right to scold me last time. I shouldn’t have treated others that way.” 
It was evident that Naomi had dressed up for the occasion. She even 
put on the tiger haircl*p-Ms. Quinnell’s childhood favorite. 
Alexis had already gotten used to Naomi’s habit of imitating Ms. Quinnell in every way. However, that tiger haircl*p still struck a soft spot with Marie, Ms. Quinnell’s mother. 
Luckily, Fabian was not as sentimental as Marie. He quietly accepted the food container and instructed his men to prepare the car. 
As Naomi watched Fabian and Alexis depart, her gaze grew deeper. Grandpa was so hard to please. Despite his affection for her, he never went easy on her whenever she made a mistake, not even giving her a chance to explain. 
It had always been like this since she was little!
###chapter269
Chapter 269 Fabian Heading to Havenlight Hospital 
“Mr. Zuch, is Grandpa still angry with me?” Naomi bit her l*p, looking 
pitiful. 
Theodore replied with a smile, “Mr. Quinnell favors you the most. I’m 
sure he’ll understand your intentions sooner or later, Ms. Naomi.” 
“I hope so too…” Naomi’s expression was filled with disappointment. 
Once Naomi exited the building and got into the MPV with Fiona, her 
expression turned dark. “Aunt Fiona, did you find out where Grandpa’s 
heading?” 
“He’s off to a meeting,” Fiona reassured her, trying to calm her 
emotions. “Don’t worry, Ms. Naomi. Once Mr. Quinnell accepts 
Yvette’s treatment, he’ll realize that the village woman’s skills are just, 
SO-SO. 
“Then, he’ll understand that you, his granddaughter, are the one who 
truly cares.” 
“Hopefully so.” Naomi sighed deeply. “Grandpa is always so harsh on me.” She couldn’t understand why Fabian would embarrass her for
the sake of a village woman like Wynter. 
For some reason, Naomi had been feeling rather agitated recently. Perhaps it was because she was running short of medicinal incense. Yet, the Quinnells still hadn’t officially adopted her, only providing 
financial support. 
As Naomi pondered, her agitation grew, and she decided to make a 
call overseas. 
allas Reading to Haverfight Hospital || 
Meanwhile, Fabian and Alexis changed to another car on the way, switching from a Kingbourne license plate to a local one, keeping a low profile to avoid attracting attention. They headed south on the highway, straight to the suburbs. 
At the same time, Wynter had successfully completed the surgery and was about to set down her equipment and wash her hands. 
Still groggy from the anesthesia, Elliot opened his eyes and grabbed onto her protective suit as if he was reluctant to let her go. 
As a trained soldier, Elliot had a strong tolerance for medication. He seemed to recognize Wynter. His l*ps moved slightly. 
Unable to hear what he said clearly and sensing his anxiety, Wynter stood by his side for a few minutes until Elliot fell back into a deep sleep. She then instructed a nurse to transfer him to the ward. 
The nurse found it rather unusual. “Your friend is extremely vigilant. It took more anesthesia than usual to sedate him. Perhaps he knew you were the one who saved him, so he didn’t want to let you go. It
seems 
he trusts you a lot.” 
Wynter smiled, understanding Elliot’s trust was a result of the life- threatening experience they had shared. Without replying, she proceeded to clean and sterilize herself. 
As the nurse transferred Elliot, she suddenly paused and observed him lying unconscious. Then, she turned to Wynter, who was cleaning 
the bloodstains. 
Somehow, Elliot and Wynter seemed to resemble each other. 
Although they were of opposite genders, Elliot’s profile resembled 
Chipp? 2000) aburceanting to Haverlight Hospital 
стину 
Wynter’s. 
After finishing up in the operating room, Wynter headed straight to find Dalton. She hadn’t forgotten the purpose of her visit to Paradise Village to demand some answers from the Quirks. 
When Dalton saw her come out, he handed her a cup of herbal tea and then gave her a key. “They’re in the temporary special 
interrogation room on the left.” 
“I know I can count on you.” Wynter smiled, feeling warmed by the tea. “Have you had some?”
Ethan suddenly interjected, “Sir only asked the staff to make it for you! 
Dalton gave him a sidelong glance. His eyes were gentle, indicating 
his approval. 
Taking the hint from Dalton, Ethan added quickly, “Sir also asked them to make a pizza for you, but we can’t eat here!” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow, turning to Dalton. “Want to join me for a pizza after I finish interrogating?” 
“Sure,” Dalton replied, smiling with irresistible charm, drawing the 
attention of the patients and nurses present. It was quite a rare sight 
to see such a dashing gentleman in their county. 
Dalton volunteered to wait outside the interrogation room as Wynter 
entered. Feeling assured with him watching from outside, Wynter pushed the door open. 
Fanny, who was squatting inside, immediately stood up, glaring at her fiercely. 
Chung zulmus Learn About Her Past
###chapter270
Chapter 270 Wynter Learns About Her Past 
“It’s all because of you, you jinx! You’ve made my life miserable!” 
Fanny had been acting abnormally since earlier. Even the bodyguard was concerned she might harm someone. 
“Dr. Genius, please be careful. She’s a bit extreme,” the bodyguard 
said. 
“I’ll be fine. You can leave. I’d like to have a word with her in private,” Wynter replied with a light smile. 
The bodyguard hesitated. “But Sir specifically told me to secure your 
safety.” 
Wynter’s smile winded. “Your boss is right outside the door now. Don’t worry, I can protect myself. Besides, she’s still affected by poison. I know how to handle her.” 
The bodyguard nodded and left the room, closing the door. Dragging. an iron chain, Fanny attempted to knock Wynter with her head. 
However, Wynter promptly reached out and clutched her throat. Her eyes were cold and eerie. “If you die here, do you think they’ll investigate you or me?” 
When Wynter claimed she knew how to handle someone, she meant 
1. 
As Fanny struggled to breathe, Wynter finally released her and spoke slowly. “Why did you suddenly come to pick me up?” 
Fanny was caught off guard. She thought Wynter would ask about her 
Chargez Wynter Exams About Her Pact 
past first. 
Wynter leaned in, staring at Fanny’s agitation with a dark expression.” The Yates family kicked me out long ago, but you didn’t come for me until now. Did someone prompt you into this sudden decision?” 
“N- No, no one!” Fanny had deceived countless people during her lifetime of trafficking. But never had she once encountered someone 
as difficult as Wynter. 
Wynter chuckled, plucking a strand of Fanny’s hair. “I’m a doctor. If I 
want to know who my biological parents are, I can just run a paternity 
test with a hair follicle sample. 
“So, why do you think I went through all the trouble and followed you back to Paradise Village?” 
As Fanny listened to Wynter’s words, her eyes widened in disbelief. 
“Because I remember you and that cellar at your house,” Wynter revealed in a low tone. “This leads to two questions. First, where is 
the sugilite charm that I wore around my neck as a child? And who
instructed you? 
“Don’t try to play tricks with me. I have hundreds of ways to make your life a living hell,” Wynter threatened, her tear mole catching the light before Fanny’s eyes. 
Fanny couldn’t believe Wynter still retained memories from her 
childhood, especially considering she had drugged all the abducted children. 
Refusing to yield to Wynter’s wishes, Fanny’s voice turned skeptical,” Go ahead and strangle me if you dare!” 
Chappé 220 Wynter Learns About Her Part- 
“Oh no. I won’t strangle you,” Wynter replied with a cheerful smile. “I’ll break your limbs and lock you up in the cowshed, just like what you 
did to those abducted girls. 
“Then, I’ll pay Dickson a large sum of money so he can marry his 
mistress. You’ll serve them both.” 
Wynter had hit Fanny’s sour spot! 
“How dare you!” Fanny glared at Wynter with reddened eyes. 
“Why wouldn’t I dare?” Wynter retorted, then added, “With you as the scapegoat, Dickson can sell you out and live a life of luxury for the 
rest of his days.”
The mere thought of it made Fanny seethe with hatred! How could she allow herself to suffer while Dickson lived lavishly with that vixen? If it weren’t for the Quirk family pressuring her to bear a son, 
she wouldn’t have ended like this! 
Seeing Wynter about to leave, Fanny grabbed the corner of Wynter’s pants tightly and shouted, “Wait! I’ll talk! I’ll tell you everything!” 
Wynter sat back down, waiting for her to speak. Fanny licked her l*ps, pondering how to start. 
“You were quite a jinx when you were a kid,” Fanny began, opening her 
story. 
Wynter cast a glance at her. 
“No, I don’t mean to insult you. It’s just that you always cried whenever we approached a checkpoint. We almost got caught because of you,” Fanny explained. 
Wyndor Leam About Her Past 
we could have taken over 30 kids on that trip. But because of you, we had to change our plans and return to Havenlight County 
early.”
###chapter271
Chapter 271 Fanny’s Backers 
Fanny recounted somewhat apprehensively, “Dickson and I wanted to sell you off as quickly as we could, but that thing around your neck 
was an eyesore. 
“We couldn’t find a buyer. That sugilite pot glowed and had an 
engraving on its back.” 
The engraving was a single word, but it meant neither wealth nor good fortune. It was “soul”. No one would dare to acquire something 
like that, much less keep it. 
Shuddering, Fanny continued, “I had an elder in our village take a look at the thing around your neck. He told me it was made from something deep under the earth. 
“He claimed that it was cursed and told us to get rid of it quickly. That 
included getting rid of you too. 
“Dickson and I abandoned you out of fear. We later sold the pendant 
to Mr. Rathbone, a jewelry collector in Southdale.” 
Mr. Rathbone, Southdale. Wynter stroked her chin as she considered 
this information. “What about that landslide that year?” 
“Dickson and I ran off after we swapped you with the Yates’ daughter,
Fanny said. Fear flashed in her eyes when she met Wynter’s gaze.” 
We thought you were the cause of the landslide. 
“After we got to the town, we found out that no one died in the 
landslide. There were only a few injured, but that was about it. 
“As for you, you were mistaken for the Yates’ daughter and taken 
away” away.” 
Wynter lowered her gaze. “So where did you kidnap me from?” 
“Kingbourne, of course,” Fanny replied. She paused in hesitation and asked, “I mean, isn’t your brother…” 
“My brother?” Wynter’s eyes narrowed. 
“The man you rescued from the cellar, he’s…” Fanny broke off as 
realization dawned upon her. 
Her eyes widened. “You tricked me! You don’t remember anything. 
from when you were young!” 
Wynter didn’t deny this as she rose to her feet. True to her intelligence 
and with the help of Fanny’s story, she had already figured out her 
identity. In that case, Ryan’s behavior earlier made sense.
It was medically discouraged for siblings to donate blood to each. other because their blood was too similar. That was why Wynter’s blood couldn’t be used for Elliot’s transfusion. 
Blood from closely related or immediate family could lead to the recipient’s white blood cells attacking the recipient’s lymphatic cells. This might result in serious complications and put the recipient’s life in danger. 
Wynter clutched her pendant. Her beautiful face was impassive. After so long, she turned out to be a daughter of the Quinnell family in Kingbourne. 
It wasn’t as if she hadn’t guessed it. She had a feeling that might be 
true after coming to Paradise Village. Now that she had her answer, she didn’t feel any differently about things. 
When the Yates first kicked her out of their home, Wynter thought her real parents were living in a village somewhere. 
She had planned on making big bucks so that she and her family could thrive together, but that dream was long gone. The sugilite 
charm was the only lead she had left. 
Wynter didn’t know why the memories were coming back all of a 
sudden. When she first saw Fanny in Southdale, certain images 
surfaced in her mind. Now, she finally found the missing links that 
had kept her from seeing the full picture.
However, there was still something Wynter couldn’t figure out. She 
leaned forward and whispered into Fanny’s ear, “You strike me as the 
money-grubbing type. You could have made a small fortune if you’d 
just told the Quinnells my whereabouts. 
“So why didn’t you tell them the truth instead of giving them false 
clues?” 
“I- I was worried about getting caught,” Fanny stammered. 
She avoided Wynter’s gaze as she continued, “Our livelihood would have been cut off if someone could just walk up to us and ask about 
their kid’s whereabouts. 
“It would be fine if they were from the county. But if word got out, then we could get caught if someone simply did some digging. I doubt anyone would let us off the hook. So I kept quiet about this.” 
Analytical as ever, Wynter mused, “When was the last time you didn’t 
risk something for money, Fanny? Fear would never stop you from taking the Quinnell’s money. 
“I can only think of one good reason why you kept my whereabouts a secret from them. Someone offered you more money.” 
Fanny shuddered. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
Play
###chapter272
Chapter 272 It’s Me Wynter 
Wynter asked slowly, “Who was it?” 
“I… I don’t know.” Fanny looked terrified as her gaze darted from left to right. “I can’t say it, not to anyone. It’ll be the end of me!” 
Wynter observed Fanny’s frantic state and incoherent muttering. The symptoms seemed familiar. At the thought of this, Wynter reached out to take Fanny’s pulse. It was beating erratically. 
Wynter grabbed Fanny by the jaw and forced Fanny to meet her gaze. 
Her expression darkened as she asked, “Has someone hypnotized 
you before?” 
“It’ll be the end of me.” Fanny began to slap herself like she had gone insane. “Keep your m*uth shut! Keep your m*uth shut!” 
The next second, she broke down sobbing. “Yvette, you’re my only hope. You have to do well in medicine. Once you graduate, I can 
with you in the big city.” 
She clutched Wynter’s hand. “Yvette, did you buy your brother a house like you promised? I knew I could depend on you. You’re much better than that useless daughter of mine!” 
Wynter stiffened at this information. “You have a daughter?” 
“I had a hard time conceiving, and childbirth was rough. I had a daughter in the end, but what good was that?” Fanny muttered.
She then stared at Wynter, belligerent. “How did I only end up with a 
daughter? She was a curse to me, and she was sick all the time. I decided she was better off dead and smothered her. 
“I must have a boy this time!” She looked around wildly and grabbed a pillow, raising it. “Look, Dickson! It’s a boy!” 
Seeing this, Wynter knew she wouldn’t get any more answers out of Fanny. Such was the ugly truth of Paradise Village, and Wynter could do nothing to change it. The whole reason she came here was to 
reveal its true colors to the world. 
This was why young women had to be educated and be brave enough to broaden their horizons. They had to know there was a bigger world 
out there. 
No soul should be trapped in the depths of these mountains, hidden from the real world. At least Wynter’s trip here had been meaningful. 
She had ended up saving someone’s life. 
As for the spell that had been put on Fanny, Wynter figured that a 
local tribe could have been behind it. Perhaps it was the Mesano 
Tribe, who was known for practicing witchcraft in this day and ag 
Her long fingers drummed against the edge of her bed, a telltale sign of her pondering. It was expensive to engage a voodoo master at this
time and age. For someone to use voodoo on Fanny, the person must 
have been desperate to keep Wynter’s identity a secret. 
va 
A smile curled on Wynter’s l*ps. It was easy enough to find out who 
would do something like that. 
However, with so many interests to consider, the most important one 
was to find the sugilite charm. It was either that or seek out the old 
man under the bridge. Wynter thought the latter option was the more 
practical one. 
She lowered her gaze and typed out a text before sending it out. 
Meanwhile, Abel was gnawing on his pencil. 
Victor had gotten into his head that Abel and his brother had to work to attain the same results before they could leave the house. Until then, they had to go over Wynter’s papers and copy her work. 
Just as Abel was losing hope, a familiar beep that he hadn’t heard in a while sounded through the room. “Crap, it’s Boss!” 
He bolted upright and quickly typed his replies in quick succession. 
“You finally texted, Boss! Do you have any idea how much I’ve missed
you? 
“If you hadn’t texted me, I’d have thought you’d abandoned me. 
“I met someone the other day who spoke just like you. I was so spooked that I nearly called her ‘Boss’ too!” 
Wynter decided to cut him off before he could go on his usual texting 
spree. 
She sent him a voice note. “Help me find a jewelry collector in 
Southdale. His last name is Rathbone, and he probably operates 
through the black market.” 
When Abel listened to the voice note for the first time, he hadn’t 
noticed anything amiss. 
On his second listen, though, he realized that Boss’ vojce was not 
modulated. If anything, he thought the voice sounded oddly familiar. 
Char Xra! 
But just as he began to wonder if he was imagining it, Wynter sent him another voice note. “You didn’t imagine it. It’s me, Wynter.”
###chapter273
Chapter 273 Abel’s Boss Dr. Miracle 
Abel’s phone cluttered to the floor as his jaw dropped open. All the things he had said to Wynter before suddenly crossed his mind. 
He recalled their first meeting when he had treated her like a little 
sister. He even told Xavier and the others that he would always have 
Wynter’s back. 
He remembered the amused look on Wynter’s face as she smiled at 
that comment. The memories made his knees buckle. 
He never expected Boss to be someone close to him. If anything, he imagined Boss to be an elite who presided over a business empire 
from an upscale office. 
However, the person he had been working for all this while turned out to be younger than him. 
Not only that, she was so pretty that she should have been an actres instead of a doctor. She also happened to be what the Shepherds 
called a “false heiress”. 
There was an intense roaring in Abel’s head as he processed this new information. He bent over to pick up his phone and began typing 
furiously.
Wynter did not give him the chance to ask questions. “Find Rathbone, 
pronto,” came her order. 
Was it true? Was Boss and Wynter the same person? Wynter’s response was confirmation enough, 
Chanje 223 Abel’s Blous Ur, Meado 
Abel shot to his feet. It was no wonder he had felt a chill down his spine when she told him of her identity earlier. He owed that to 
instinctive fear. 
When Victor saw the dazed look on Abel’s face, he thought the latter was slacking and nearly slapped some senses into him. 
At the sight of Victor, Abel threw his arms around him and exclaimed, “You’re brilliant, old man! You’ve got an eye for talent, I’ll give you that! I can’t believe the Shepherds lost out on a treasure like this! Haha!” 
Indeed, if the Shepherds found out that they had called off their son’s engagement to Dr. Miracle herself, they would likely kick themselves. 
The more Abel thought about it, the more excited he got. He couldn’t imagine how Wynter had kept her identity a secret despite all the mockery and humiliation she had put up with. 
If it were him, he would have tattooed “I’m Dr. Miracle” across his 
forehead and swaggered through the streets. 
He finally understood why Wynter never liked going to class. A genius
like her did not need formal classes! 
Abel began to see how Wynter operated. “Grandpa, you should 
educate your students based on their strengths, you know. 
“If one of your students doesn’t like going to classes for credit, then. give her a long break instead of making her attend classes.” 
“Don’t give me all that poppycock. Why did you come to Kingbourne if not for school?” Victor shoved his grandson, who was behaving as if 
he were spastic, away. 
(Chalk / AMEL 
Abel waved a finger at Victor and mused thoughtfully, “You don’t 
understand, old man.” 
“How about I slap you and show you whether or not I understand?” Victor snapped. “Go get changed. You’re coming with me to meet an 
old friend.” 
Puzzled, Abel asked, “Why did you suddenly come to Kingbourne anyway, Grandpa?” 
“Wynter is a prodigy. With her score, I can’t let her waste away in that academy of mine. She needs to go to a better school that can properly prepare her for her university entrance exams,” Victor 
explained.
He did not want to hold a prodigy back from realizing her full 
potential. 
Besides, even if his friendship with Margaret was an obstacle for him in Kingbourne, he still had to try pulling some strings for Wynter’s 
sake. 
Abel laughed. “Grandpa, Wynter doesn’t need you to help her get into 
a better school. She’s…” 
Before he could finish his sentence, he and Victor heard a gentle female voice somewhere. “Quinton, hope I’m not intruding.” 
The person who greeted Victor was none other than Yvette. When she heard Victor was in Kingbourne, she was eager to visit him and give 
him a warm welcome. 
She was no longer the same person she had been. Now that she was famous in Kingbourne, everyone who met her would address her as 
Dr. Yates. 
Naturally, she hoped that the Lopez family would spread the news of her success upon their return to Southdale. 
The Yates might have fallen from grace, but Yvette was thriving better
than ever. No one in Southdale could come close to having her 
success and reputation. 
Even the Shepherds had changed their mind about her and made sure 
Charlie spent time with her every day 
Yvette looked up at Victor with sparkling eyes. “Mr. Lopez wouldn’t mind my visiting, would he?”
###chapter274
Chapter 274 A New Leash On Life 
Quinton had not reached out to Yvette since the test 
incident. However, the moment Yvette got word that the Lopezes were 
in Kingbourne, she booked their accommodations and planned a leisurely tour for them. 
Quinton didn’t have the heart to turn down her kind arrangements. Don’t worry, Grandpa isn’t the stuffy type who’d make a fuss over 
formalities.” 
Victor had no idea what young people were thinking these days, but the fact that Yvette had not visited him once since her reunion with 
the Yates made him dislike her. 
Still, Victor wasn’t going to chase Yvette out of the house now that she was here. He maintained his decorum as he addressed his 
grandson, “Quinton.” 
Quinton stepped forward. “Grandpa, Yvette’s here to see you.” 
“I’m afraid I 
Victor nodded. He turned to Yvette and said with a smile” won’t be able to stay and chat, Yvette. I’ve got an appointment.” 
He then glanced at his good-for-nothing grandson. “Take good care
of our guest.” 
Quinton had no idea where Victor was going. Yvette, on the other hand, muttered dejectedly next to him, “I knew Mr. Lopez didn’t like 
me.” 
Alarmed by her crestfallen remark, Quinton was about to reassure her 
when his brother came downstairs. 
Abel whistled. “You’re not married into this family, so what does it matter to you whether Grandpa likes you or not? Time to give up the 
act, Yvette.” 
Abel was already dressed and ready to leave with Victor. He was making his way downstairs when he overheard Yvette playing the victim right after Victor went out the door. 
As such, Abel decided to switch back into the role of the cavalier 
scion, though it didn’t suit him one bit. 
Yvette blushed at the admonishment. She glanced at Quinton and said, “I’m sorry for coming here uninvited. It won’t happen again.” With that, she grabbed her purse and left. 
Quinton thought Abel had been too harsh. He wanted to chase after Yvette, but his fear of getting punched by Abel held him back. 
Meanwhile, Yvette had only been acting. She didn’t think Quinton would just let her leave. However, she was wrong. He did not come
after her at all. 
It wasn’t as if she hadn’t noticed the change in Quinton. He used to worship the ground she walked on, and for every text she sent him, she would receive a dozen replies from him. 
Ever since the Yates went bankrupt, Yvette felt Quinton’s feelings for 
her had waned. 
Her face darkened at the thought of this. “Whatever. It’s not like I need the Lopezes anyway. Plenty of people in Kingbourne would love 
to be associated with me.” 
The Lopezes were considered prestigious in Southdale, but they were 
Chud 24% New Louch On Lie 
nobodies in Kingbourne. Yvette only visited them today for old times’ sake. Yet, they snubbed her. 
She snorted. Earlier downstairs, she thought she had heard Victor 
mention looking for a new school, though she wasn’t sure what that 
was about. 
She figured Wynter must have done so poorly on her exams that even Victor couldn’t turn a blind eye to it anymore. He must have been 
wanting to get rid of Wynter. 
Yvette thought the Lopezes rather deserved the trouble for helping a loser like Wynter.
But not that it mattered to Yvette. She hadn’t heard about Wynter since the last incident. Then again, someone as useless as Wynter 
never deserved her attention anyway. 
Yvette was thriving happily in Kingbourne now, and she saw no reason to look back on her old life. She had been too cautious before 
Yvette was pulled out of her thoughts by an incoming call. When she saw that it was Arianna Winston calling her, she beamed. 
The Wintsons were on their way to becoming the most prestigious family in Kingbourne. They would be the last ones standing once the 
dust settled. 
Even the formidable Yarwoods in Sorazda City would fall from grace 
after the death of their third son. 
Yvette only knew this because she had been given a new leash on life. 
The person had gotten lucky in the past. This time, Yvette was going to enjoy all the splendor she could have. 
Lup?ó 2/1 A hea Leach din Lale 
The sound of rain filled the air. Wynter left the detention room after 
interrogating Fanny.
Meanwhile, Ryan had been going around Havenlight Hospital looking for Wynter. Now that he had finally found her, he couldn’t bring 
himself to call out to her. 
What had he been thinking when he considered treating Wynter, the 
true heiress of the Quinnell family, as his little sister? 
#Spin to 
to Claim Your Surprise 
wwward! 
Play
###chapter275
Chapter 275 Grabbing Pizza 
Ryan still couldn’t wrap his head around it. To think he had asked for Wynter’s help in finding Ms. Quinnell, only for her to be the person he had been looking for all along. Ryan couldn’t help cringing in 
embarrassment at the recollection. 
Wynter behaved as she usually did. When she saw Ryan, she said, ” Hey, Ryan.” 
He choked and burst into a coughing fit, feeling awkward. His 
reaction caused Wynter to raise a brow. 
Regaining his composure, Ryan attempted to offer a courteous smile. However, it came off as more of a grimace. “Uh, would you mind if we talked privately?” 
“I have a feeling I know what you’re going to tell me, Ryan, but can it wait?” A nonchalant laugh escaped Wynter as she explained, “I’d like to grab some pizza with the Quinnells’ distant relative first.” 
Performing surgery was hard work, and Wynter was starving after she had worked off the medicated noodles earlier. She also needed some 
time to think about her identity. 
Ryan nearly pointed out that Dalton was not the Quinnell family’s distant relative, but he dared not do so in front of him. 
More importantly, he wondered what Wynter had meant when she said she knew what he was going to tell her. Could it be that she had already guessed the truth? 
Ryan’s eyes widened as he considered this. But in the absence of
proper confirmation, he simply told her, “Mr. Quinnell Senior is on his way here.” 
“Got it,” Wynter answered with a smile. “Do you want to join us, Ryan? Your body can’t function without regular meals, you know.” 
She didn’t behave differently than usual. Even if she did figure out that she was a daughter of the Quinnell family, she didn’t seem to let that get in the way of her friendship with Ryan. 
Ryan was touched by her gesture. He understood she was being considerate of him. Patting his stomach, he chuckled and said, “No, 
thanks. I’m not hungry. Go and have your pizza.” 
“All right, then. I’ll get a slice for you,” she offered. A pause later, she added, “The guy who’s in surgery right now is resilient. The anesthesia 
will wear off in a bit. 
“When it does, keep him on a plain diet and nothing else. His body 
might resist solid food after going so long without it.” 
Ryan nodded, making a mental note of what she had just told him 
Wynter was incredibly perceptive. She knew what he was about to sa 
and what might be bugging him. 
He understood she was doing all this to keep him from feeling 
awkward.
He let out a breath. If the Quinnells, his employers, were still skeptical of Wynter’s identity, then he wouldn’t hesitate to take care of her as if 
she were his sister. 
He might not be able to provide her the finest luxuries, like the 
Quinnells could, but he could still take care of her needs. However, 
Chany: 2/3 Grabbing Furn 
judging from Elliot’s reaction earlier, he already saw Wynter as his 
sister. 
In that case, Ryan needn’t worry that the Quinnells would give Wynter 
a hard time. 
Now, they could only sit and watch what Ewan and Wanda would do next. Ryan would like to hear them explain how their so-called adoption and sponsorship of Wynter became such a mess. 
The couple had told the public Wynter was their adoptive daughter. If they hadn’t been so intimidated by Fabian, Ryan had a feeling they would show up and demand that the Quinnells compensate them. 
Ryan considered how things would pan out in the long run. He had seen how these wealthy families battled each other. He made up his 
mind that he would be Wynter’s pillar of support from now on, 
regardless of her choices.
Dalton had noticed Ryan’s strange behavior earlier. Presently, he assessed the young lady seated across from him. She was chewing 
on her candy while waiting for her pizza. 
He could tell she was hungry, or she wouldn’t be staring at the pizza that was currently being cooked in the furnace. 
With the weather in Kingbourne growing chilly, there was nothing more comforting than a slice of piping hot pizza slathered in meat. sauce and dripping with cheese. 
Wynter leaned forward and picked up a slice of pizza the moment it 
was served. 
Dalton smiled at the look on her face. He took the scrunchies that his 
| Chinop” 225 Grabung Pizza 
bodyguard handed him and used one of them to secure Wynter’s hair into a ponytail. 
Grabbing another slice of pizza, Wynter said in between bites,” 
Thanks.” 
As for the other scrunchie Dalton did not use, he slid it onto his wrist 
and wore it above his red beaded bracelet. 
CUM MANcale Muniors Faci
###chapter276
Chapter 276 Atwater Munoz’s Fable 
Perhaps it was because Dalton had such nice wrists that he made 
wearing a scrunchie look fashionable and elegant. 
Wynter couldn’t resist glancing at his wrist a second time. Suddenly, 
she asked, “So what’s the Quinnells’ stance on this whole Ms. 
Quinnell business?” 
“Mr. Quinnell Senior spent many years searching for her,” Dalton began with a smile, pushing the plate of pizza toward Wynter. “Why the sudden curiosity?” 
She feigned nonchalance. “I figured I’d get to know my patient a little 
better. You’re a distant relative of his, after all.” 
Dalton was adding a few splashes of tabasco to his pizza when 
Wynter’s answer made him pause. 
He confessed pleasantly, “Technically, I’m not. Our grandfathers just 
knew each other. If we were related, then I wouldn’t have been 
engaged to Ms. Quinnell in the first place.” 
It was only then that Wynter was reminded of the engagement. She gave Dalton an odd look.
To avoid her getting the wrong idea, Dalton quickly explained, “The engagement’s been called off. There’s no bad blood, though, now that the Quinnells have found their long-lost heiress.” 
“Oh,” Wynter said. She took another bite of her pizza. She didn’t mind. that the engagement had been called off. She had no intention of getting married young anyway. 
Dalton chuckled lightly and elaborated, “I’ve never met Ms. Quinnell 
before. The whole engagement happened when we were children, all 
because my family believed in a so-called fable and wanted me to live longer. 
“What fable?” Wynter’s interest was sufficiently piqued. 
had to know everything about herself. Besides, her old job had been 
to dig deep for information. 
y, she 
Loosening the top button of his shirt, Dalton surveyed Wynter in amusement, his dark eyes glittering. “There was this great fortune- teller who told my family that I would not live past the age of 30 
unless I married Ms. Quinnell.” 
Wynter laughed. “Fortune-teller? More like a charlatan.” 
Dalton pressed his fingers to her l*ps to quiet her. “Hush, you’re still too young and healthy to need to consult a fortune-teller. 
“Also, you’re probably too young to know that Atwater Munoz was a great fortune-teller whose predictions had saved lives. He was a master of his craft. So don’t badm*uth him or you’ll bring terrible
fortune upon yourself.” 
There was a warning gleam in his beautiful, dark eyes as he said this. 
Wynter, however, gave him a cynical look. “Atwater Munoz?” 
“Yes.” Dalton laid another slice of pizza onto her plate. 
But Wynter did not eat the pizza. If her memory served her well, Atwater’s last name was Munoz too. She silently cursed the old man for telling the Quinnells some ridiculous fable he made up. 
th_y_Hathate) Mutor=Fabile: 
At that moment, she remembered Atwater’s drunken soliloquy from a 
while ago. 
He said, “My child, you won’t be waking up anytime soon. I’ve found you somebody that I think you’ll like based on your past preferences. He’s got a really strong aura. How about you marry him?” 
He kept calling her “my child” after that. Wynter never took him seriously, But looking back, she wondered if he had lied to the 
Quinnells for her benefit. 
She stared at Dalton, who indeed had a face she quite liked, and found herself at a loss for words. “You shouldn’t get so hung up on what a fortune-teller said. Proper medical treatment is rooted in 
science, not fables.”
Dalton couldn’t help sputtering at her somber demeanor. He put a fist to his m*uth and coughed to hide his laughter. “I know. That’s why 
I’ve put myself at your mercy.” 
“Right…” For some reason, Wynter felt like he wasn’t just talking about 
treatment. 
She quickly steered the conversation back on track. “I’ve met the Quinnells’ adopted daughter before. 
Dalton set his pizza down and gave her his full attention. 
She continued evenly, “There are some things I don’t quite understand. If Mr. Quinnell was so desperate to find his lost. granddaughter, then why did he adopt another one?” 
Dalton explained calmly as if speaking from a neutral standpoint, Technically speaking, she was the Quinnells’ charity project. 
“Mr. Quinnell Senior has never stopped thinking about his 
granddaughter. The same goes for Elliot, as I’m sure you can tell. As for the others, I don’t know them well enough to speak for them.” 
“I understand,” Wynter replied with a small smile. 
He met her gaze. “About the Quinnells today-” 
But before Dalton could finish speaking, an announcement came for 
him. “Sir, Mr. Quinnell Senior is here!”
###chapter277
Chapter 277 Reunion 
Dalton didn’t think much of Fabian’s arrival, believing that the old man. was here for Elliot. As such, he rose to greet Fabian. 
Fabian hurried over to their table, gripping his dragon-headed cane. Raindrops glimmered on his gray hair and shoulders. 
He did not look as imposing as usual, but he still looked every bit the patriarch of a prestigious family. Even more noticeable was the 
hopeful look in his widened eyes. 
Out of courtesy, Dalton stepped forward to greet Fabian. 
However, Fabian brushed past him. He cast a gentle and almost desperate look at Wynter, surveying her face. He spoke so quietly that his voice trembled. “Little princess, I’ve finally found you!” 
Dalton was preparing a plate for Fabian when he heard this, and his hand froze mid-air. At once, emotions flurried past Dalton’s 
handsome features. 
His gaze fell on Wynter, who looked indifferent. Little princess? Could it be that Wynter was his former mysterious fiancee? 
Dalton frowned. What had he told her earlier? That the engagement to 
Ms. Quinnell had been called off, and that Wynter had nothing to 
worry about. He gripped the plate tightly as his dark gaze flickered.
Meanwhile, as Fabian drew closer to Wynter, he assessed her and 
remarked, “You’ve grown up a lot better than I expected.” His voice cracked. “I couldn’t sleep after you were kidnapped. I kept having 
nightmares of you screaming and starving. Thank goodness, you’re 
still…” 
Alive. He couldn’t bring himself to say the word. He recalled how 
worried he had been the year following Wynter’s kidnapping. 
He wouldn’t let go of a single lead, whether it was a girl of similar age. 
that had been found or a body that washed up by the river. 
There were even times when Fabian had comforted himself that no 
news was good news because that meant his granddaughter was still 
alive somewhere. 
He had feared that if the traffickers found out about his frantic 
pursuit, they might lash out and do terrible things to his 
granddaughter. 
Fabian reached out tentatively to caress Wynter’s face. His eyes 
turned red with tears. “You don’t have to be afraid anymore, little
princess. I’m here to bring you home.” 
Wynter stood there and quietly listened to Fabian, not at all minding 
his outpouring of love and regret. However, she didn’t seem 
overwhelmed either. 
Instead, she told Fabian, “If only you’d shown up a little sooner, 
Grandpa. Even three months ago would have been good enough.” 
He couldn’t understand why she said this. He wanted to know what 
had happened in the last three months, but he realized he didn’t have 
the right to ask her about it. 
“I’m doing well,” she added. 
She couldn’t bear to see him sad, especially since he had yet to recover. “And as you can see, my grandmother loves me dearly. I 
don’t think it’s feasible for me to go back with you now, but you’ll 
always be my grandfather.” 
The tears that had been welling up in Fabian’s eyes finally rolled down 
his ch*eks when he heard the last part of Wynter’s sentence. 
“I read up on the village when I arrived. It’s practically a smugglers’
haven,” he explained. “It’s my fault for coming too late, little princess. 
It’s my fault that I let this go on for over a decade.” 
Wynter had grown up without her real family for over a decade. The 
Quinnells had as good as abandoned her. 
It was hard for adults to take down a village like Granite Village. Most of them might have ended up joining the smugglers and their ilk, if 
not been broken by them first. 
Even someone as strong as Elliot couldn’t handle the villagers. Fabian decided Wynter must have survived here and grown up only by some 
miracle. 
He remembered what Ryan had told him at the hospital. Wynter might have seemed cold and indifferent, but she had grown up tough. 
She had treated patients to make ends meet, not to mention juggling between studying and caring for her grandmother. 
Fabian had admired Wynter for being so strong and responsible despite her young age. At the time, he had expected her to become 
someone great. 
His heart ached at the memory, and every breath he drew threatened 
to shatter him.
###chapter278
Chapter 278 She’s the One 
No young lady should have to bear a breadwinner’s burden. Life had been too hard on Wynter, who should have grown up sheltered and 
loved like a princess. 
She shouldn’t have had to run around treating patients just to make ends meet. Nor should she have been targeted by those despicable traffickers once more and taken back to that village in the mountains. 
Fabian’s hand trembled. He was in such a daze that he almost fell. 
Thankfully, Wynter was quick to catch him and helped him stand upright. She swiftly took his pulse and frowned when she felt it. “Did someone change the prescription I gave you?” 
“No, no!” Fabian rasped in between coughs. Alexis and Ryan looked. 
worried. 
Wynter quickly popped a candy into Fabian’s m*uth and asked slow “Did you get rained on earlier on your way here?” 
The old man managed to catch his breath and nodded in respons 
“Your breathing’s labored,” Wynter observed as she felt for his meridian points, She chuckled softly. There was no mockery in it, only 
comfort. “You have to learn to take it easy and try not to get caught in 
the rain.
“You can’t abandon me now that you’ve found me, Grandpa. I’m still young, and there will be days when you’ll have to stand up for me.” 
That was obviously a white lie told to reassure and comfort Fabian. 
Chang 27 Soes the One 
Wynter didn’t need anyone to stand up for her. 
Alexis, who had come with Fabian, couldn’t resist giving Wynter another look after hearing what she’d said. Alexis had heard from Ryan about the way Wynter treated her patients. 
It was only after witnessing it in person that Alexis realized how good she was at putting her patients at ease. She was kind to Fabian for no other reason than to cheer him up. 
Sure enough, Fabian was stunned by her words at first, but he broke into a grin soon after. “Oh, I wouldn’t abandon you. Don’t worry, little princess! I have plenty of gifts saved up for you at home. 
I 
“I can’t wait for you to go back and see them. I won’t let those rascal brothers of yours take any of it!” 
“Well, in that case, you ought to rest up and get better,” Wynter chided playfully. “You have to follow your doctor’s orders and take your prescription. No angry outbursts too, all right?” 
Fabian guffawed. “All right, I’ll listen to you. I promise I’ll take n 
medicine as instructed and I won’t have any more angry out 
With Wynter by his side, Fabian didn’t mind swallowing that bitte medicine. He might even put up with seeing his bratty grandsons
every once in a while. 
Suddenly, he was reminded of Dalton’s presence. His attention turn to the young man as he asked, “What are you doing here? Didn’t yo 
say you wanted to call off the engagement?” 
That was fine by Fabian, who was happy to keep Wynter by his side for a while before letting her marry. 
With her fine looks and medical prowess, he doubted she would have a hard time finding a boyfriend. Besides, he had yet to know her preferences when it came to men. 
Dalton was an excellent candidate, the finest in all of Sarzoda City. However, a young man like him would have plenty of women fawning at his feet, and he might have been cocky because of it. 
Fabian would eliminate anyone who didn’t love Wynter with all his heart. She deserved a man who would give her the moon if she asked 
for it! 
Fabian only had his precious granddaughter’s best interests at heart. 
Until now, he was convinced that no man in this world could ever be 
worthy of Wynter. 
Meanwhile, this was the first time Dalton understood what a dilemma 
felt like. He was seriously kicking himself for calling off the
engagement. 
However, it was a well-known fact in Kingbourne that Dalton ha 
rather dark sense of humor. 
The next second, he let out a low chuckle as he met Wynter’s gal His dark eyes were like a depthless sea. He mused in his husky, attractive voice, “I’m still yours in the end.” 
Fabian’s brows furrowed. “What do you mean?” 
Dalton explained, “You should know I’ve always had feelings for Dr. Genius.” 
Fabian fell speechless. He had indeed known about this. But Dalton had certainly never brought it up! 
Cup 218 Shes the One 
“No wonder Mr. Munoz had told me to make Ms. Quinnell my betrothed when we were both children,” Dalton continued in 
amusement. “Mr. Quinnell Senior, the great fortune-teller himself had predicted that I would fall in love with someone.”
###chapter279
Chapter 279 Sweet Interaction 
Wynter raised a brow when she heard this. “I just told you not to get 
1 
so hung up on a fortune-teller’s… Mmph!” 
Dalton came up behind her and clamped a hand around her m*uth. He pulled her into his arms. She heard him chuckle as he said quietly, 
“We’ll talk later.” 
Wynter narrowed her eyes, which brought out the mole in the corner 
of her eye. 
Dalton’s l*ps brushed against her hair, a restrained and polite gesture. “You can bite me after I show up on your doorstep. I bet your 
grandmother’s worried about you. 
“Even though you made it out of the village, she’ll be furious with you, for taking such a bold risk in the first place. You’ll need a buffer. I’ll go back with you and vouch for you.” 
He murmured these words slowly. His voice was so hushed that it was almost coaxing. Dalton’s beauty and charm persuaded Wynter, who nodded after briefly considering his suggestion. 
She was so distracted by him that she hadn’t even realized how close 
they were.
Fabian, on the other hand, glowered at Dalton with wide eyes. Dalton glanced at the old man and flashed him a ch*eky smile. “I doubt Mr. 
Quinnell Senior will tear us apart.” 
Such vicious words! Fabian gripped his cane tightly, his gray brows knitting close. He never knew how shameless Dalton could be. 
“We can discuss the matter of your relationship some other time. If Wynter has no ions, then neither do I,” Fabian declared. 
He was far too sharp to fall for Dalton’s trap, and he wouldn’t allow his naive granddaughter to fall for it either! 
Wynter paid no mind to Dalton and Fabian’s unspoken duel. She had other things to concern herself with. 
After getting a read on Fabian’s vitality, she glanced up at Alexis and asked, “Alexis, are you sure Grandpa’s prescription is still the same?” 
“Yes, I’m sure. I make it a point to source the ingredients for his medicine myself,” Alexis answered, knowing Wynter wouldn’t ask him this without reason. “Is there something wrong with Mr. Quinnell’s 
body?” 
Wynter hummed in response. “His breathing is more labored now, which is unusual if he’s been taking his medicine as prescribed. I’d 
like for you and Grandpa to return to Southdale with me.
“I’ll give him a new prescription, and I’d appreciate it if you could keep an eye on Grandpa’s diet after that, Alexis.” 
“Very well. Thank you for being so considerate, Ms. Quinnell,” Alexis 
liked working for Wynter as her instructions were clear and 
straightforward. Her respect for the working class was a bonus too. 
Fabian was over the moon today, though he repeatedly tried to rile 
Dalton up throughout the meal. If he could make Dalton snap, then Wynter would see Dalton for what he was-a scheming punk. 
However, Fabian’s efforts fell flat, for Dalton remained perfectly composed despite the old man’s provocation. 
He even went the extra mile to put Fabian at ease, such as by telling him, “Elliot’s fine, don’t worry.” 
In a show of well-trained charm, Dalton said, “Let us have a drink to celebrate your reunion with Wynter, Mr. Quinnell Senior. I’m glad you’ll get to have her brilliant company for the rest of your life.” 
Fabian snorted and clinked glasses with Dalton. “I don’t need you to tell me how brilliant my little princess is.” 
Wynter wasn’t sure what to make of the two men’s interaction. She simply brushed it off and went off with Alexis to check on new 
prescriptions.
When she returned to the table, Fabian and Dalton had already started e on drinks. However, Dalton, her beautiful patient, drank tea instead of 
alcohol. 
Alexis paused before pointing out dryly, “Ms. Quinnell, your 
grandfather is a lightweight.” 
Sure enough, Fabian broke down in tears after one drink, though he 
was crying out of joy. 
He clutched Wynter’s hand, his drunkenness laced with guilt as he slurred, “Your parents might have messed up, Wynter, but I didn’t. I won’t ever mess up. I’ll give you everything I can. 
Wynter picked up on several things from Fabian’s drunken words. The first time she treated him, she had felt his affection for her. It was 
strange. Affection was something only Margaret had ever given her. 
And now, she had a grandfather and a brother, who was presently lying in a hospital bed, who would love her. 
Wynter might not go home with the Quinnells, but that didn’t mean she would reject their unadulterated kindness. 
Especially since Fabian had braced through the rain to see her today, an event that nearly caused his pneumonia to relapse. 
Wynter wouldn’t bring up anything too serious to Fabian, even if she still had some doubts.
###chapter280
Chapter 280 What Comes After the Reunion 
Wynter had woken up in a daze and soon after developed intermittent explosive disorder. For a long time, she suffered through an identity crisis. Her memories were in tatters, and she was left to piece them 
back together. 
Atwater was the only person she remembered. She felt that the sugilite charm she had as a child would be the key to unraveling this mystery. Now all she had to do was track it down. 
Fanny had gone mad, so there was no way of getting any useful 
information out of her. 
As Fanny’s husband, Dickson surprisingly knew very little about her, such as who had paid her to feed the Quinnells misleading 
information. 
Wynter had tried looking into this but found all the records wiped 
clean. Even the transaction had been paid for in cash. No average 
person would take such elaborate precautions. She pondered on thi 
vital information before going to bed for the night. 
Meanwhile, Dalton made sure that the Macintoshes got what they 
deserved. Hubert, in particular, was left in a daze after going through
intense interrogation.. 
Dalton had all of Hubert’s crimes, which totaled no less than 100, 
listed down and sent to the top brass. 
Following this, an entire criminal network was uncovered. The 
officers asked them questions such as why those kidnapped children 
had been able to register under different households and where their birth certificates were procured. 
After rounds of interrogation, the traffickers were led away by the 
officers. 
When the mastermind, who remained well-hidden in Kingbourne, sensed that things were off, they quickly did damage control. 
Meanwhile, everyone on the internet was waiting for the press release on this case. The wait was over by midnight. 
The present case saw no less than 30 kidnapped children rescued from human traffickers. Now, the children could finally go back to 
their families. 
The main suspects, namely the married Yaleman couple and the Macintosh father-and-son duo, had confessed to their crimes. 
With so many persons involved in the case, the authorities decided that the details would be withheld from the public for now.
The witness in the case was reportedly safe and would receive public commendation from the City Bureau in due course. 
Without her, the crimes that went on in Granite Village would never have been uncovered. Her kindness and bravery made her a hero. 
The person who wrote the press release lauded Wynter with praise. The viewers of Wynter’s livestream immediately screenshotted the press release and reposted it. 
“What did I say? Our streamer’s a real star!” 
“I read the press release and I felt so sorry for the kids who were 
kidnapped! Down with those filthy traffickers!” 
“Our streamer is an angel! She’s been saving lives since she started 
this livestreaming channel, but now, her services go beyond medical treatments. She’s like a vigilante!” 
“She’s a defender of the weak!” 
“Finally, someone saw her for her brilliance! Sobs. I can’t even right 
now. She’s incredible!” 
The Empathy Clinic was no ordinary livestreaming channel. It was a 
place of meaning. 
The Empathy Clinic’s sudden rise to fame took the platform’s higher- ups by surprise. Wynter did not need anyone to watch her back at all. She was perfectly capable of making it on her own.
Her fellow streamers, and even the rest of the cyberspace, could tell 
that a streamer like Wynter was rare 
The higher-ups immediately held an emergency conference, during which they considered their boss’ as well as the platform’s overall interests. They decided to protect Wynter at all costs and keep her on their platform. 
After drawing up the terms and conditions for an ongoing 
collaboration, they assigned Mod007 to negotiate with Wynter. 
Wynter did not go online that night and missed all the comments that 
praised her. 
Everyone was tired that night. With the downpour outside, Wynter had 
gone to sleep earlier than usual. She even dreamed, which was 
unusual given her ability to sleep soundly through most nights. 
GamesAther the Reuniti 
The dream felt real. She dreamed that the Quinnells had brought her back to Kingbourne after the Yates kicked her out. 
In her dream, her oldest brother had picked her up, though she was 
unfamiliar with him.
The Quinnells cherished her and loyed her after being reunited with her. They arranged for dozens of household staffers to attend to her and gifted her with a lot of jewelry. They even got her a flashy sports 
car. 
It seemed that the Quinnells were content to give her whatever she 
wanted. 
Alas, all good things must come to an end. At some point in Wynter’s 
dream, the Quinnells began to compare her with Naomi.
###chapter281
Chapter 281 Deciphering the Dream 
Naomi had been sponsored and cared for by the Quinnells since young. She was adept in fine arts and literature, not to mention a graduate from a prestigious university overseas. 
She was well-versed in finance, economics, and social etiquette, and 
even knew financial law. In short, Naomi was the epitome of beauty 
and brains. 
Compared to her, Wynter was a local graduate who was neither 
cultured nor taught the ways of a socialite. 
In the dream, Naomi was kind and would take Wynter everywhere. 
She even made it a point to tell others that the true heiress of the 
Quinnell family had returned, 
She didn’t want the public to confuse her identity with Wynter’s, lest 
the latter was put in an awkward situation. 
But despite all this, Wynter always felt like an ugly duckling at every 
dinner party. It was as if she had crashed the party, and it showed. 
Naomi could talk to anyone at the party about anything, but Wynter 
couldn’t even tell what language Naomi was speaking, let alone join
the conversation. 
As the differences between Naomi’s upbringing and hers became 
clear, Wynter began to realize that she had no makings of an heiress 
whatsoever. Everyone was saying how the Quinnells had brought 
back a bumpkin. 
Wynter didn’t fit into any social circle and eventually became the 
laughingstock. 
None of the socialites cared for her, and even the staff attending to her had started ignoring her requests in favor of Naomi. Even 
Wynter’s parents, who had claimed to love her beyond all things, were growing embarrassed of her. 
In the end, her parents hired a private tutor for her. Wynter dreamed she had toiled away on whatever art and subject the tutor taught her. But for some reason, she would forget whatever she learned. 
One day, through bitter work, she finally mastered the piano and thought she could make her family proud. 
However, Naomi won a prize for her performance in a piano concert abroad, and the Quinnells threw a feast to celebrate her achievement. During the party, they announced that they would officially adopt 
Naomi. 
From then on, Naomi and Wynter would both be heiresses to the Quinnell name. And just like that, Wynter fell back into the shadows
before she could even emerge into the light. 
Wynter’s parents began to feel awkward around her. Her mother even seemed a little terrified of her. Thankfully, Fabian would drop by and visit her now and then, reminding her that she was his little princess. 
Wynter vowed that she would master something to make her 
grandfather proud. 
However, her brain seemed to be operating beyond her control. She couldn’t master anything despite all the effort she put in each day. 
Finally, all that stress built up and triggered her intermittent explosive 
disorder. Without even being conscious of it, Wynter picked up a pair of scissors one day and stabbed Naomi’s hand with it. 
The household staff said Wynter did it out of jealousy, much to her 
parents’ disappointment. 
The family doctor advised that Wynter’s condition be kept secret, or it 
might reflect badly on the Quinnells. 
After all, no one wanted an heiress with intermittent explosive 
disorder, which was a psychiatric condition. 
Her mother couldn’t bear to part with her, but her father sent her to
the countryside for what he called rehabilitation. 
Fabian was sick at the time and couldn’t take care of her. The next 
time Wynter got news of her grandfather, it was of his death. 
The sound of the rain splattering against the window made Wynter 
bolt upright in bed. Her beautiful eyes were wide in the dark. 
Beads of cold sweat had formed on her forehead, and her dark hair 
cascaded over her shoulders. She clutched the pendant that rested 
firmly against her midriff, her eyes glimmering. 
She was not the self-pitying type, especially not over the lack of love. or approval. She wondered what her dream meant. 
Fabian wouldn’t die that easily. She had examined him before. He had a lung condition, but a healthy diet and regular medication should help him manage it just fine. 
Could it be that something had changed within the Quinnell family? 
Atwater had taught her how to interpret dreams back in the day. She 
OLAZI Pciphonog The Dream 
had learned that dreams were like warnings from the universe to some extent. She would be a fool to disregard her dream. 
She raised a brow as she considered her pathetic ending in the dream. That was unlikely to happen.
For starters, she didn’t plan on going back to the Quinnells. Secondly, she would never sit by and let Fabian die. 
Wynter looked up and gazed out the window, thinking of reasons why she might have had that dream. She wouldn’t allow that dream to 
become reality. 
Meanwhile, at the Quinnell residence in Kingbourne, Naomi exclaimed happily into the phone, “Are you and Mom really coming home, Dad?”
###chapter282
Chapter 282 Formal Adoption 
Naomi added, “I thought the doctor said it would be best for Mom to continue her treatment for three years.” 
Shane Quinnell chuckled on the other line. “Your mother misses you 
so much she’s been losing sleep these days. We figured we’d go home to see you. Besides, how could we miss our little sunbeam’s 
birthday?” 
was sure 
Shane his wife would get better after seeing Naomi. There 
had to be some science behind that. 
Life worked in mysterious ways sometimes. It was a wonder that Naomi looked identical to the Quinnells’ long-lost daughter. They 
even shared the same birthday. 
Shane softened at the thought of Naomi’s face, which so strongly resembled his wife’s. “Naomi, I heard about what happened in Kingbourne lately. I’ll speak to your grandfather about this when I get 
back. 
“It wouldn’t be right for us to abandon a kid we raised for an outsider.”
“Dad, it’s not Grandpa’s fault. Now that you mention it, I think you and Aunt Fiona can’t stand to see me sidelined after you’ve watched me 
grow up. 
“I was wrong to lash out at Grandpa’s most trusted doctor, and I deserved the scolding he gave me,” Naomi said with a sheepish 
chuckle. 
She added worriedly, “Dad, promise me you won’t talk to Grandpa 
about this. He’ll only get mad, and I don’t want any arguments over 
this.” 
Shane’s smile deepened at this. “Well, I’m glad you think that way, 
Naomi. But don’t worry, I’ll make sure things are made right when I return. I think it’s about time your mother and I formally adopt you 
into the family.” 
“I don’t know what Grandpa and the others will make of such a sudden announcement,” Naomi countered, lowering her gaze. “Elliot and Tobias will likely be the most upset about it.” 
Shane frowned. “That’s not true. Don’t think that way, Naomi. Elliot 
tends to be brash to everyone, not just to you.” 
“Dad, I was an orphan before the Quinnells gave me charity.” Naomi sounded like she was choking back on her tears. “No matter what happens, you and Mom will always be my dearest family, adoption
or 
not.” 
Shane could never bear to his wife and daughter upset. He was further resolved to return to the country as soon as possible after hearing Naomi’s words. 
It was about time he talked to Fabian about formally adopting Naomi. That way, she wouldn’t be embarrassed in front of their social circle 
or be made their laughingstock. 
Early next morning, Wynter was still in bed when Fabian had ordered the chef to prepare no less than 20 breakfast dishes. 
The spread could only be described as a continental feast, with most of the ingredients having been air-flown in. 
Chap 262 Formal Adoption 
Fabian had also asked Wynter back when they were at the hospital in Southdale what young ladies her age might like. 
After getting his answer, he commissioned the best couture brand to design an entire collection for Wynter. Abel, who was the relay point, practically bolted upright when he saw the order. 
The Quinnells might have been wealthy, but he had never seen anyone willing to pay such an astronomical sum for clothes. 
Licking his l*ps, he quickly screenshotted the invoice and sent it to Wynter. The sound of his camera shuttering filled the room.
Meanwhile, over at the hotel, Wynter was woken up by the sound of a ringtone she had long forgotten. “Wake up, Quinnell the Rich! Order 
incoming! Quinnell the Rich, wake…” 
There was a loud thud as Wynter’s palm landed squarely on her 
phone. She picked it up and tapped the screen. 
As it lit up before her, she said coldly, “Abel, this had better be an emergency order or I’ll rip your purple hair out.” 
Previously, Abel wouldn’t have been able to understand the gravity of Wynter’s threat. Now, having seen the way she beat up somebody, her faltered and explained quickly, “No, Boss. You’ll like this order for sure. 
“It’s not technical at all, and it’s from Mr. Quinnell Senior himself. He commissioned an entire collection from us. If you don’t take this order, then we’d be k*ssing goodbye to a windfall!” 
“Mr. Quinnell Senior?” Wynter woke up properly. Feeling lazy and somewhat puzzled, she wondered what her grandfather was getting up to with this order. 
Chappé 282 Formal Adoption, 
Abel chose to be cryptic. “That’s right, Boss. I think they’ve finally found that long-lost Ms. Quinnell, or Mr. Quinnell Senior would never personally appoint you to design this collection. 
“It’s not just the clothes he wants. He commissioned an entire jewelry line too! Tsk, this old man’s dirt rich!
###chapter283
Chapter 283 Spoiling Wynter 
Abel cast a wistful gaze on the order form. “Man, I wonder when 
Grandpa will finally spoil me like this.” 
Wynter skimmed the order form and pointed out, “This is a 
ridiculously expensive quotation, Abel.” 
“Boss, be reasonable here. How are we going to convince the rich that we put out quality, high-end couture if we don’t charge like it?” Abel 
was baffled by Wynter’s reaction. Her stance had been different back 
when she had first analyzed the market. 
“The Quinnells aren’t just your average rich family,” Wynter said dryly, pulling her hair back. 
“Dare I suggest a 20% discount?” Abel asked. 
Wynter splashed water on her face. As droplets glimmered on her 
fresh, snow-white skin, she said decisively, “Make that 90%. And the 
clothes are on the house if they commission the jewelry.” 
“Huh?” Abel wondered if Wynter was possessed, but dared not 
question her any further. After all, even with the abhorrent discount, they would still be raking in millions of dollars.
After running the final quotation by Wynter, he mused, “I wonder who 
the infamous Ms. Quinnell might be. My last lead indicated she was at Havenlight County. Do you think she’s from the village there? 
“If so, Mr. Quinnell Senior’s going to have his work cut out for him. 
He’ll have to educate her on the stuffy mannerisms and cultured 
interests, or she’d have a hard time fitting into high society.” Abel 
sighed. 
Wynter was brushing her teeth and didn’t respond immediately. 
When she was sure Abel was done talking, she wiped the corners of her m*uth and asked slowly, “Why would she have a hard time?” 
“You wouldn’t know, Boss, since you’ve never been to Kingbourne.” Abel glanced over his shoulder and straightened up. “Let’s take my grandfather as an example. He used to be well-respected in 
Kingbourne before moving to Southdale. 
“Now that he’s back here, his old connections couldn’t even help you 
get a spot in any of the schools here. If my grandfather’s already having a hard time, imagine how bad things will be for Ms. Quinnell, 
who grew up in a village. She’d become a laughingstock.” 
He sounded rather sure of himself as he added, “The Quinnells do
charity on the side and have been sponsoring underprivileged 
students for some time. They adopted one of the orphans, and she is 
now a well-known socialite in Kingbourne. 
“How is a cloistered bumpkin like Ms. Quinnell going to compete with 
a well-cultured young lady like that? She’s already lost the battle 
before it even started! Poor thing.” 
Abel was starting to think that his family wasn’t that bad. At the very 
least, Quinton wouldn’t walk all over him. 
However, Wynter smirked. There was ice in her voice when she asked, “Who are you calling a cloistered bumpkin?” 
“Ms. Quinnell, of course! She…” Abel paused. He considered Wynter’s wry response. As realization dawned upon him, his jaw dropped and 
his eyes widened in surprise. “B- Boss, don’t tell me you’re…” 
Wynter cut him off dryly, “Yes, I am-to quote your delicate description -the cloistered bumpkin who will become the laughingstock of 
Kingbourne.” 
There was a thud as Abel fell to his knees in shock. He hurriedly explained, “Hear me out, Boss. I was only analyzing the situation. Those fancypants in Kingbourne are the snobs here, not me!”
He could have cried as fear rushed through him. “I truly had no idea you were the long-lost daughter of the Quinnell family. I mean, didn’t we turn down the order the last time?” 
It had only been a day since Abel found out Wynter was his boss, and now, he had to cope with the groundbreaking news that she was the Quinnells’ long-lost heiress. He wasn’t sure his heart could take any 
more surprises. 
“I only just found out myself,” Wynter said, not bothering with details 
Abel immediately took up the role of a strategist, albeit an 
unconvincing one. “In that case, you’ve got to squeeze the Quinnells for what they’re worth, Boss. 
“These people adopted someone else before they found you, and now you’ll have to compete with her for your birthright. If my father did something like this, Grandpa would have kicked him out of the house!” 
Wynter raised a brow. “Are you trying to drive a wedge between me 
and my family?”
###chapter284
Chapter 284 Wynter’s Formidable and Mysterious Background 
Abel was an information collector, and it helped that he loved 
indulging in gossip. “No, Boss! The Quinnells are as rich as kings. But if I must be honest, it’s a good thing you’re the long-lost daughter 
they’ve been looking for. 
“Any other young lady would have a hard time fitting in the Quinnells’ dynamics. It’ll be like feeding chum to the sharks.” 
Wynter’s voice was unamused as she asked, “Right, enough of this. Did you find anything on Mr. Rathbone?” 
“Mr. Rathbone of Southdale comes from three generations of antique dealers,” Abel replied dutifully as he scrolled through the information he’d found. “Of course, this is just a cover act. In truth, Mr. Rathbone’s grandfather was likely a grave robber. 
“Grave-robbing was the Rathbones business operation model until Erwin’s generation, which was when they decided to become legitimate antique dealers, and famous ones at that. They specialized in unwanted artifacts that others were too scared to own. 
“At some point, the Rathbones’ business expanded overseas. Now, most of their exhibitions that I can find are held in Kingbourne.” 
Wynter’s expression remained unchanged as she took this in. “What do you mean by ‘unwanted artifacts?”
“Probably those that were dug up from the earth,” Abel guessed. He asked in hushed tones, “Boss, do you think those artifacts dug up from the ground are still circulating on the market? The government 
Altra Comdulile and typennus Backgroumm 
would have seized them all, right?” 
“I want more information on Erwin. Find out when he’s coming back to the country. I plan to meet him,” Wynter said instead of answering 
Abel’s question, her fingers tapping against the purple sugilite 
pendant she was wearing. 
“Yes, Boss!” Abel began his investigation at once. 
Before ending the call, Wynter said, “By the way, tell Mr. Lopez Senior 
to stop worrying about finding a new school for me. I’ll be bringing Grandma to Kingbourne with me sometime this month. 
5 ? 
“That said, I’m going to need you to find me a house. It must 
with a courtyard.” 
come 
“A house? Boss, won’t you be living with the Quinnells?” Abel asked 
“No,” she answered nonchalantly. “You said if I did, it’d be like
throwing chum to the sharks.” 
“I mean, you could go and get some money out of them.” Abel rubbed 
his hands deviously. “Also, you’re no chum. You can survive them, 
and I doubt shark-infested waters could bring you down anyway.” 
Wynter drawled, “Yeah, I’m not interested. The courtyard has to be 
big. Wolf doesn’t like small ones.” 
“Got it!” Abel let out a low whistle. He shouldn’t have underestimated 
how cool and awesome Wynter was. After all, any young lady would dream to live with the Quinnells and enjoy the luxuries they had. 
Then again, Wynter was probably the only person Abel knew who wasn’t tempted by what the Quinnells had to offer. 
ter Foundable and Mysterician Background 
Hotels in the county had nothing on their big-city counterparts. 
However, Fabian made do with what he had and made sure the hotel was decorated with flair. After that, he sat in the center, chuckling as he waited for Wynter to come downstairs. 
Alexis could tell how happy Fabian was. The old man had never bothered himself with the way eggs were cooked, but he spent the entire morning supervising breakfast preparations. 
Occasionally, he would ask, “Wynter will like this, won’t she, Alexis?”
Alexis chuckled. “You’ve prepared a whole feast, Mr. Quinnell. There’s bound to be something Ms. Quinnell likes.” 
“Good!” Fabian gripped his dragon headed cane and laughed. “You should’ve seen my little princess’ appetite as a child. She’d stuff her face with food and still want more. 
“I can tell by the way she finished her pizza last night that she’s not picky about food. That’s more than I can say about her bratty brothers.” It was clear to see that Fabian was enamored with Wynter 
Alexis tried to hide his laughter. Before he could speak, his phone 
rang. 
He couldn’t help his annoyance when he saw the caller ID. “Mr. Quinnell, it’s your son.” 
“Shane?” The smile on Fabian’s face sl*pped. “Here, I’ll take it. I figured he should know his daughter has finally been found.” 
Alexis obediently handed the phone to Fabian. 
Chters Formidable and Mysterious Background 
The first thing Shane said as soon as he was put through was, “Dad, I need to talk to you about something. I understand you had your 
reasons for scolding her. 
“However, the fact that you’re still angry with her over some debacle with an unknown doctor really hurt her feelings.”
###chapter285
Chapter 285 The Quinnells’ Legacy 
Fabian’s fingers clenched tightly around his dragon-headed cane as he listened to what Shane had to say. 
Unaware that he had already offended Fabian, Shane continued, “Dad, I’ve talked to Marie and we both agreed that it’s unfair for Naomi to be 
put in such an awkward position in our family. 
“I was thinking of bringing forward the family meeting so we could. officially adopt Naomi in front of our relatives. What do you say, Dad?” 
“No.” The cane nearly snapped in Fabian’s grip as he narrowed his eyes. “Did you forget about your biological daughter?” 
At the mention of this, Shane stiffened. His voice was hoarse as he 
said, “Dad, it’s been so long since… I mean, can she still be found? 
Could she be…” 
“Shut your m*uth!” Fabian snapped, his chest heaving. “How did I end up with such a useless son like you?” He ended the call brusquely. 
His outburst had left him somewhat short of breath. 
On the other end, Shane stayed sitting on the couch for a long while He didn’t want anyone to replace his daughter, either. But she had been missing for far too long. At some point, one had to move on.
Shane clicked into his phone gallery and found the album dedicated to his daughter. He muttered to himself while gazing at the photos,” You’d understand if you were here, right, little princess? 
“You were always so considerate. You wouldn’t want us to be stuck in grief forever, right?” 
Chappa THE Quimmis Legg 
He couldn’t risk Marie’s condition relapsing. He had too much to lose. 
Marie had nearly gone insane In the two years that followed their daughter’s abduction. Their family would have been ripped apart by grief and madness if Naomi hadn’t shown up. 
That said, Shane understood where Fabian was coming from. If anything, he wished he could get his daughter back too. 
Meanwhile, Fabian was in such a rage that he didn’t even tell Shane that Wynter had been found. 
Alexis thought that was for the best after hearing what was said on 
the call earlier. 
“It’s probably a good thing to keep the news of Ms. Quinnell’s return a secret before she goes to Kingbourne,” he advised Fabian. “Once we bring her home, her position as the true heiress of the Quinnell family 
will be made clear.” 
Fabian knew Alexis was talking about the mole in the company, which was concerning, to say nothing of Shane’s incompetence. “Have someone draft up a legal declaration that Quinnell Corporation will be 
left to Wynter.”
“You’re leaving the company to her?” Alexis knew Fabian loved Wynter and felt sorry for her circumstances, but he never expected the old 
man to make such a drastic decision. It was groundbreaking. 
Fabian, sharp as he was, elaborated, “That son of mine doesn’t have what it takes to run a business. He’s not good with connections, 
either. 
“Wynter didn’t get to grow up having me around. She had to suffer 
through so much hardship. You know very well that in our circle, connections could either make or break a man.” 
He had contemplated the grand scheme of things. “What will a young lady as honest and grounded as Wynter do in Kingbourne without support? Who will take care of her and protect her after I’m gone? 
“I have to do something while I still have some power in Kingbourne. With all those vultures eyeing the prize, I might as well leave Quinnell Corporation to Wynter and appoint her as the CEO. 
“Hah! That’s what bad parents get. They don’t deserve anything more than to be Wynter’s subordinates. Shane can adopt anyone he wants after that!” Fabian delivered the last part of his reasoning with a 
triumphant snort. 
Wynter had seen and heard everything from the landing. She fixed her gaze on Fabian’s gray hair and slightly slouched back. The old man’s unconditional love and thoughtfulness struck a chord in her.
Wynter decided she would not betray his affections. The Quinnells could do anything they wanted for all she cared, but she wouldn’t 
hesitate to hunt down and finish off anyone who hurt Fabian. 
“Grandpa, I can hear you scheming from upstairs,” Wynter said in amusement, not at all hiding the fact that she had overheard him. 
She chuckled as she approached Fabian. “I appreciate your 
generosity in giving me the company, but what will my brothers think?”
###chapter286
Chapter 286 A Grandfather’s Concerns 
Amused by Wynter’s concerns, Fabian burst out laughing and beckoned her over. “Come here, Wynter. Look at what I prepared for you! Your favorite cinnamon rolls from when you were little! 
“As for your brothers, they’re tough and have their own careers. Besides, they were ecstatic when they heard you’ve been found. If they have any pride at all, they won’t go after anything that belongs to 
you.” 
“What Mr. Quinnell said is true. I can vouch for it,” Alexis chimed in suitably. “Now that Mr. Elliot is awake, he insists on seeing Ms. Quinnell in person. He would have pulled the IV needle out of his arm if the doctor hadn’t stopped him.” 
Fabian nodded. “Elliot would have it no other way than for you to have the company, Wynter. He always loved giving you piggyback rides when you were kids. As for Tobias, he’s been taking on more movie roles to make up a hefty dowry for you.” 
“Grandpa,” Wynter began as she handed Fabian a glass of warm water. “We can save this for some other time. Your health is more important than anything else right now. It’s time to take your 
medicine.” 
Fabian was more than happy to take his medicine now that Wynter was the one feeding it to him. She was thoughtful enough to bring 
him candy afterward too. 
She also took the time to make lunch. She had made two portions- one for Fabian, and one for a certain beautiful patient of hers.
Chap 286 A Grandfathers Concerns 
Fabian never thought he would one day loathe to see Dalton, 
considering all the time he had spent lauding the young man with praise. In all fairness, he had thought Dalton was very well- 
accomplished. 
But that was no longer the case. Dalton was an eyesore to him now. 
“If you’re here, then who’s running your company?” Fabian asked 
pointedly, making it clear that Dalton was not welcome here. 
Dalton took out his Bluetooth earpiece and answered politely, “Don’t 
worry, Grandpa, I’ve got a bunch of managers at the company who are 
more than capable of handling things in my absence.” 
He had even dropped all formalities and addressed Fabian as 
Grandpa”! 
Fabian glowered at Dalton and set a black chess piece down forcefully. “I distinctly remember someone telling me that his poor health would hinder a young lady’s bright future. He told me that it’s probably in my little princess’ best interests that he didn’t choose her.”
“Well, Wynter’s been taking good care of me these days.” Dalton’s smile did not falter, and he looked unfazed in his immaculate suit as he picked up a white chess piece. “I’m feeling much better now.” 
Fabian’s eyes widened at the young man’s obvious bragging. 
Wynter stumbled upon this scene just as she returned with her stethoscope. 
She recalled Fabian being friendlier to Dalton during their previous chess games. But now, the former appeared to be harboring some grudge against the latter. 
Chapter 286 A Grandfather’s Concerns 
She shot Dalton a look as if to ask, “Did you piss Grandpa off?” 
Dalton shook his head and chuckled, his gold-framed glasses adding a regal edge to his features. 
To Fabian, Dalton and Wynter’s unspoken exchange came off as 
flirting. He sighed and relented. There was no point in taking jabs at the young man if Wynter liked him so much. 
Nonetheless, Fabian did not beat around the bush. 
He moved another chess piece and said to Dalton, “I’ll be handing 
Quinnell Corporation to Wynter once we return to Kingbourne. I don’t 
want to hear anyone saying Wynter isn’t good enough for you, 
considering you’ve turned down a marriage alliance with our family 
once.”
This was a warning to Dalton and a reminder that the Yarwoods had better prepare to welcome Wynter into their lives. 
Dalton squared his shoulders and said solemnly, “I promise I’ll protect 
Wynter at all costs, Grandpa. Don’t worry, I’ve never been one to go easy on gossipmongers.” 
It was only after hearing this that Fabian was appeased. “Your 
grandfather…” 
Dalton said, “My grandfather has already met her. He likes her a lot, 
and he’s impressed that she’s so well-versed in medicine. He believes 
she will go far in the future. In his words, Wynter is giving me a run for 
my money.” 
Dalton was speaking the truth. Thep had been asking about Wynter, 
and Dalton’s only concern was that the old man might scare Wynter 
Chap 286 A Grandfathers Concerns 
off. 
Fabian laughed wholeheartedly. “Your grandfather has good judgment. I ought to have a drink with him when I go back to Kingbourne.” 
“He would be delighted.” Dalton smiled. Despite his penchant for dark
humor, he tried his best to win Fabian over. 
He hadn’t realized that Wynter had raised her brow in amusement 
when she heard what he said.
###chapter287
Chapter 287 Sabotage 
Elliot drew a deep breath as he lay in the intensive care unit of 
Havenlight Hospital. 
It seemed as if he was the only person in the world who had yet to 
meet Wynter, his long-lost sister. Everyone else had already met her, 
as far as he knew. 
He glanced at Ryan despondently. “Hey, Mr. Lloyd. Shouldn’t Grandpa 
at least bring Wynter here to visit me?” 
“Mr. Quinnell did come by, but you were asleep,” Ryan said as he 
peeled an apple for Elliot. “Alexis told me Wynter’s been taking care of 
Mr. Quinnell after his condition relapsed.” 
Elliot had a deadpan look as his gaze flickered down to his bandaged 
shoulder. “I need someone to take care of me too.” 
“Mr. Elliot,” Ryan chided quietly with a smile. “Your grandfather has 
finally reunited with Ms. Quinnell. I’m sure he’ll remember you after a few days and come to visit you. Just be patient.” 
Elliot chuckled. “I guess Grandpa hasn’t changed at all.”
Ryan grinned and made no reply. 
“Well, that’s probably for the best,” Elliot said with approval. “At least then everybody will know who’s the real heiress of the Quinnell family. 
Hearing this, Ryan handed Elliot the freshly peeled apple and 
explained, “The thing is, your father called Mr. Quinnell this morning 
Chap 287 Sabotage 
and suggested that the Quinnells hold a family meeting. 
“He plans to formally adopt Ms. Naomi, and you can imagine how furious your grandfather is about that.” 
Elliot frowned at this as emotions flickered in his eyes. “Why is Dad 
even considering adopting Naomi? Doesn’t he know Wynter has been 
Ryan quickly motioned for Elliot to keep his voice down. “Mr. Quinnell 
didn’t tell your father that Ms. Quinnell has been found.” 
Most of the Quinnells were sharp and intuitive, not airheads. Elliot 
understood at once the implication behind Ryan’s words. 
“Is there something bothering Grandpa?” Elliot guessed. 
Ryan did not hold back for once. “Everything went smoothly when we started tracking down Ms. Quinnell this time. But halfway through, we kept feeling as if someone was sabotaging us and always
stayed one step ahead of us. 
“We knew Granite Village was a treacherous place, and the strange 
topography of Havenlight County made looking for Ms. Quinnell even 
harder. 
“Nevertheless, Mr. Quinnell and I knew there was another reason why our operations kept getting hindered -someone else was trying to stop us from bringing Ms. Quinnell home!” 
Elliot clenched his right fist when he heard this. A dangerous look flashed in his eyes as he bit out, “Who?” 
“We haven’t found any potential leads, so we’re only guessing at this point.” Ryan glanced at Elliot. “There’s a storm brewing in Kingbourne. 
Chary+107 Sabotage 
Come home if you can, Mr. Elliot.” 
“I will,” Elliot said, his gaze dark. “I can’t believe someone would target Grandpa. What do they take the Quinnells for? Chopped liver?” 
Ryan laughed. “Naturally, Mr. Quinnell is tougher than he looks. His only concern is that Ms. Quinnell wouldn’t get the support she needs 
if she comes home with us to Kingbourne.” 
Intelligent as he was, Elliot stared at Ryan and remarked, “You really 
care for Wynter, don’t you, Mr. Lloyd?”
Ryan blinked. “Oh, I… uh…” 
“Thank you, Mr. Lloyd.” Elliot beamed. “It’s no wonder Wynter likes you 
so much. You’ve been a far better brother to her than any of her 
actual brothers have, myself included.” 
Elliot could only hope that Wynter would continue meeting people 
who were as kind as Ryan down the road. 
He was well aware of what she had gone through. Fanny and 
Dickson, the wretched couple from the mountains, were worse th 
devils. 
Elliot and his brothers would have greatly failed Wynter if they 
couldn’t promise her security and comfort after her return. 
After a moment of thought, Elliot clicked into a group text named 
The Bandits” on his phone. 
A conversation was already well underway, and the person who was 
sending the most messages was none other than his younger 
brother, Tobias Quinnell.
287 Sabotage 
Tobias’ text read, “Hey, guys, don’t just ignore me! Look at all the crap 
they’re saying about me! Don’t you feel sorry for me?”
###chapter288
Chapter 288 The Quinnell Brothers 
Tobias’ message was met with a series of replies from his older 
brothers. 
CEO Albert: “Set up a meeting and solve the problem yourself.” 
Racer Blake: “Hey, Rowan runs in the same circles as you. Ask him for 
help.” 
A-lister Rowan: “I’m busy. Go ask Sebastian.” 
Attorney Seb: “My fees aren’t cheap. 
Toby the Celebrity: “…” 
Attorney Seb: “Ask your agency. I doubt the Yarwoods would let you 
be plagued with controversy.” 
A-lister Rowan: “What can his agency do about his crappy acting?” 
Racer Blake: “I’ve got it! Tobias, why don’t you quit acting and go back 
to run the family business?” 
CEO Albert: “I second that.” 
Toby the Celebrity: “Nice try, guys, but no dice. If anything, Elliot
should be the one to quit his dangerous job and run the family 
business.” 
Attorney Seb: “Elliot hasn’t been checking his messages. He’s 
probably on an assignment again.” 
Racer Blake: “Pitching in a million dollars for Tobias to run Quinnell 
Changi za The Gonnell Brothers 
Corporation.” 
CEO Albert: “Five million dollars.” 
Incognito Elliot: “@Everyone, I have news.” 
Attorney Seb: “Elliot?” 
Toby the Celebrity: “Do my eyes deceive me? Is Elliot joining our chat?” 
Incognito Elliot: “Before I say anything, I need you all to calm down.” 
There was a pause before Elliot added: “Our little sister has been 
found.” 
The group chat fell silent at once. 
Where the six men had been scrolling their phones one second, they
were sending out voice notes the next. Elliot could tell how anxious 
all of them were over the phone. 
“Where is she?” 
“We’ll go over right away!” 
Pleased to know that at least he had seen Wynter before any of them, 
Elliot said, “I can’t tell you where she is right now, and I’ll need your 
guys to keep this a secret.” 
“Why?” Tobias demanded. As a rising celebrity, he was used to being 
blunt. 
Elliot replied impassively, “I don’t want word to get out, especially 
from Albert.” 
“You’re worried I might tell Naomi,” Albert mused, his voice deep and 
CVZNy Quammell Brothers 
smooth. “Do you hate her that much, Elliot?” 
Elliot pointed out bluntly, “As long as she doesn’t bring up the matter of adoption, then all’s well. She’s just one of the many children our family has sponsored, and I have no qualms with that. 
“But if she starts getting any ideas, such as taking our sister’s place
in the family, I’ll never forgive her.” 
Albert chided, “She’s not manipulative like that, Elliot.” 
Elliot’s smile did not reach his eyes. “I’m just taking precautions. Also, 
now that our sister’s back, shouldn’t Naomi leave?” 
“Well, duh. There’s more than one way our family could carry out 
charity work. We don’t necessarily have to adopt Naomi to show her 
we’re grateful,” opined Sebastian Quinnell, the fourth-eldest brother 
and a famous attorney. “I’m with Elliot. I won’t let anyone take our sister’s place.” 
Tears welled up in Elliot’s eyes as he recounted, “I could have died if. 
Wynter, our sister, hadn’t saved us. You have no idea what kind of hell 
she’s been through since she was kidnapped.” 
“Elliot,” Albert said patiently, sighing. “I never said anything about 
anyone taking Wynter’s place. I’m merely pointing out the fact that Mom and Dad are attached to Naomi after all these years.” 
“I don’t care about what Mom and Dad think,” Elliot argued. “I want to hear what you think ” 
As much as Albert wanted peace in their family, he drew a line at letting his sister suffer. 
Frankly, he couldn’t care less about Naomi’s adoption as long as it
wasn’t at Wynter’s expense. With that in mind, he declared, “If Naomi does plan on taking Wynter’s place, then I’ll make her regret it for the 
rest of her life.” 
“So how come you almost died, Elliot?” one of the brothers asked. 
Elliot told them what happened during the last few days. When he was done, all his brothers wanted to storm into Paradise Village and 
burn it down. 
“Grandpa plans to bring Wynter back to Kingbourne. Mr. Lloyd was. 
right when he said Kingbourne is where our real battle lies. 
“Someone’s bound to snub Wynter for what she’s been through,” Elliot 
said after telling his brothers to calm down. 
Rowan agreed. “I’m in Meridon right now, but I’ll go back as soon as shooting wraps. Rumors were going around after the Yarwoods. 
called off the engagement last time. 
“Our circle can be vicious, and I don’t want Wynter to be bullied the. 
moment she comes home. In any case, she should be the one who calls off the engagement, not the Yarwoods.” 
Elliot interjected with a frown, “Hold up. Rowan, did you just say
Dalton called off the engagement?” 
“Yeah,” Rowan answered. “You’re away so much that you must have 
missed the news. It happened some time ago.” 
Elliot narrowed his eyes. “And that man has the nerve to approach Wynter?” He couldn’t believe Dalton had the audacity!
###chapter289
Chapter 289 Wynter’s Keepers 
Sebastian demanded sharply, “Dalton’s with Wynter? What for? 
Everyone in Kingbourne is still talking about him calling off the engagement!” 
Elliot’s l*ps pressed into a thin line “I don’t know. But according to 
him, he’s dating Wynter.” 
“Excuse me?” The whole group burst into an uproar. 
“What is he playing at?” 
“Come on, superstar. Explain your boss’ behavior!” 
“How did our sister and Dalton become an item?” 
All the questions were directed at none other than the youngest of the brothers, Tobias. 
However, Tobias had been quiet since Elliot dropped the news of 
Wynter’s return and was currently searching for flights. Now that Wynter had been found, he would take it upon himself to bring her 
home. 
Meanwhile, his stylist was raving about his flawless skin and saying, ” 
Here we go, Mr. Quinnell. This make-up suits you. Don’t listen to what the haters say online about you being a womanizer.”
The stylist was caught off guard when Tobias asked her, “Say, Jacqueline, what do young women like these days? I want to get my 
precious baby a surprise gift!” 
Chapter Wyntern 
With his goofy grin, he looked nothing like the rising new star he was supposed to be. Jacqueline and Tobias’ manager, Ursula Lowenstein, were rendered speechless. 
Tobias ignored both of them as he typed out a text. “I think the 
engagement is better off canceled, Elliot. Wynter’s too young to get 
married, especially to an arrogant prick like my boss.” 
Ursula pursed her l*ps when she saw this. She wondered what she had done wrong to be handed the task of managing Tobias, who thought so little of Dalton that he would badm*uth the man behind. 
his back. 
She paused as she craned her neck to see who Tobias was texting. 
Tobias sensed Ursula breathing down his neck and quickly turned his 
screen away from her prying gaze. 
Meanwhile, Albert said through a voice note, “I agree with Tobias. If 
Dalton is serious about Wynter, then he’ll have to prove it to us. Why 
backtrack after canceling the engagement?”
“I’ll talk to Grandpa about this,” Elliot said, irked that Dalton had called off his engagement with Wynter before dating her. 
“Also, tell Wynter that she doesn’t have to be afraid of anyone. 
coercing her into marriage. The Yarwoods might be tough to deal 
with, but at least she has us to back her up,” Albert added. 
The Quinnells had always been protective of their own, especially of 
Wynter. 
When Tobias saw that a decision had been made by his brothers, he 
privately messaged Elliot. “Send me a photo of Wynter, Elliot.” 
“Focus on dealing with Dalton, Tobias. I can take care of Wynter here, 
Elliot replied, already knowing what Tobias was up to. 
Unfortunately for Tobias, he could do all the digging he wanted and he still wouldn’t get any information out of Elliot. 
If he wanted to know everything, he was going to have to wait until 
Wynter was back home in Kingbourne. 
The Quinnell brothers were good at keeping a secret. None of them 
told Shane that Wynter had been found. 
Shane and his sons had been divided ever since the former decided to
adopt Naomi, albeit informally. 
Naturally, the brothers couldn’t care less about what happened in Kingbourne since they all had business elsewhere. Now that Wynter 
was coming home, they decided that they could carry on their present 
endeavors in Kingbourne. 
They were going to become Wynter’s support system, especially after 
the Yarwoods had called off the engagement. These brothers were 
determined to show Wynter that there were plenty more fish in the 
sea than Dalton. 
As for Dalton, he was oblivious that his gesture from a while ago had 
grandly pissed off Wynter’s brothers 
He was on a call as he stood in the elevatory bay, looking every bit the 
powerful and elegant businessman that he was. 
Surrounding him was an intimidating entourage of bodyguards, which 
successfully kept passers-by from drawing close to Dalton. 
Chap 289 Wynters Recpers 
Wynter waited until Dalton hung up the call before walking over.
When Dalton saw her, amusement danced in his dark eyes. “Here to 
see me?” 
“Yeah.” Wynter smiled. “I need to talk to you about something.” 
He didn’t think much of this. He took the scarf which his bodyguard 
handed to him and draped it around Wynter’s neck instead of his own. 
“What is it?” he asked her gently. 
Dalton wrapped the scarf around Wynter’s neck with an easy grace. 
At this proximity, she could smell the faint and pleasant scent of 
herbs on him. 
The scarf was soft and covered her chin, drawing attention to 
Wynter’s delicate features. She was disarmingly beautiful. 
“I don’t recall ever having met your family,” she said forthrightly.
###chapter290
Chapter 290 Dalton’s Lies 
Dalton paused, his hand lingering on the scarf he had wrapped 
around Wynter’s neck. 
Wynter leaned forward and assessed him with her dark gaze. When 
she spoke, her voice was clear and steady. “It’s been a while since we 
met, and all the time I was in the hospital, I believed your last name 
was Quinnell. 
“In hindsight, there were several things amiss, like Ryan’s obvious 
respect for you and Mr. Lopez Senior personally escorting you to the 
hospital. 
“They wouldn’t go to such lengths for the Quinnells, but they would 
for the Yarwoods.” 
She looked at the red beaded bracelet on Dalton’s wrist. “You wear 
that bracelet so often, I should have guessed who you were right from 
the start.” 
Dalton gently held Wynter by her arms. A light couch escaped his pale l*ps. “Sorry, I didn’t think you’d find out.”
He had such fine features. He looked innocent without his glasses, though he was still charming. As the breeze stirred his hair, Wynter couldn’t help drinking in all his beauty and aloofness. 
“But I guess some things can’t stay secret forever,” he added ruefully. Smiling, he introduced himself formally, “I’m Dalton Yarwood. It’s a pleasure to meet you, my darling betrothed.” 
Wynter remained level-headed as she stared at Dalton. After a long 
Clopi?: 290 Dalton’s Lies 
pause, she said, “Don’t try to charm your way out of this. Not only did you fail to clarify my misunderstanding at the first instance, but you also deliberately lied about who you were.” 
He could hear the uncompromising edge in her voice, and he knew he 
had no escape. Dalton’s chest tightened. He knew this day would 
come eventually. 
At first, he hadn’t felt the need to explain himself. She was a doctor, 
and he was her patient. Their relationship had grown from that into 
what it was now. 
He coughed again, and another time as he straightened the scarf 
around her neck. He said hoarsely, “Yes, I did lie about my identity, but 
only because I thought you might distance yourself from me if you 
learned who I was.”
Puzzled, Wynter frowned. “Why would I distance myself from you?” 
“Did you forget about your aversion toward the Yarwoods?” Dalton 
gazed down at her. There was a hint of sadness in his lowered voice.” Especially toward me?” 
Wynter was suddenly reminded of what she had told him before. 
He gently tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. “Besides, I know of 
my reputation.” At this, Wynter raised a brow. She never said anything about his reputation. 
A humorless smile curled on Dalton’s l*ps as he elaborated, “I didn’t have many friends growing up due to my illness, so I never learned how to open up to others. 
“Besides, everyone who knows about my poor health tends to avoid 
Chipjé 290 Daytona Lies 
me like the plague, as if whatever I have is contagious.” 
3.4 
The bodyguard next to Dalton had to work to school his features into neutrality. While most of what Dalton said was true, the bodyguard 
remembered it was Dalton who refused to make friends. 
On most days. Dalton opted to keep his study, where he read and 
wrote extensively. No one could get him to leave the house.
The other young ladies and gentlemen of Kingbourne’s high society had wanted to approach Dalton, but Dalton had been aloof since he 
was a child. 
As if sensing the bodyguard’s gaze, Dalton turned and gave him a 
warning look. The bodyguard broke into a cold sweat and quickly lowered his gaze. 
Dalton adjusted Wynter’s purple sugilite pendant so that it rested 
properly under the scarf. “You’re my first friend.” That much was tru 
true. 
Wynter considered the favors he had done for her and decided to let 
this matter go. More importantly, she would not stoop so low as to pick on a sick person. Everyone had secrets, herself included. 
She wondered why Atwater had set Dalton up to be her betrothed. 
Perhaps Atwater had sensed that Dalton had poor luck and would 
need Wynter to restore his good fortune. 
Wynter assessed Dalton but did not sense anything. Could it be that 
she had yet to regain her full memories? 
Dalton had no idea what she was staring at him for. He appeared calm and poised on the outside, but his heart was racing within as
she scanned him. Was she still angry with him, or had she forgiven. 
Chapp 290 Daltons Lies 
him? 
“What else did the old man-uh, Atwater Munoz-tell you?” Wynter finally asked, raising a brow in amusement. 
AM 
Surely there was no harm in baiting an answer out of Dalton after he 
had lied about his identity for so long. 
Dalton’s dark gaze met hers as he answered, “As I’ve told you before, 
he said I must marry you if I want to live past 30.”
###chapter291
Chapter 291 Hidden Urges 
Wynter gaped at him. She had expected something more than what Dalton had already told her. 
An earnest look registered on Dalton’s handsome face. “I used to feel like I was shackled to that fable, that it didn’t matter if I struggled to break free because I’d never get to decide who I want to marry.” 
“But I can cure your-” 
Wynter was cut off by Dalton, who chuckled and said, “But now, I’m grateful for that fable because it has bound me to you.” 
For once, surprise crossed Wynter’s beautiful features when she heard Dalton’s words. 
He pulled her into his embrace. She could hear the steady beating of his heart. “I’ve liked you for a long time, and it has nothing to do with who you are,” he assured her. 
She craned her neck to look up at him, but he seemed unsettled as he pressed her face against his shoulder. 
He nervously vouched for himself. “If it helps with your consideration, I don’t have any bad habits, and I’m a good breadwinner.” 
Wynter hummed in response. The tip of her nose was buried into the warm fabric of his shirt. She could feel him breathing, and it was a little faster than usual. 
She came here to reconfirm his identity in the first place, but her 
confrontation had led to a different conversation, one with which she 
had no experience.
As if he were coaxing her, Dalton muttered quietly, “I do believe that. biting your official boyfriend is more justifiable than biting a fake one.” 
“I don’t like trouble,” Wynter said in a voice barely above a whisper. “I could consider dating you, but I don’t want to have to deal with girls who would come for my head.” 
Dalton laughed. “I promise you there are none. I draw boundaries, and I stick to them, like any honorable husband would.” 
How did he manage to go from pitching himself as boyfriend material to vowing to be an honorable husband? 
Wynter looked up and raised a brow at him, the movement bringing 
attention to the pretty mole at the corner of her eye. 
As she did so, Dalton’s fingers brushed against her l*ps. 
Both of them stiffened. 
This time, Wynter could see the emotions that flickered across his face. She watched him swallow and saw his gaze darken as he surveyed her face. 
For some reason, that red beaded bracelet he wore only made her focus on his wrist, which she thought was one of his best and most seductive features. 
“Haha! I bet Wynter will like this… What are you both doing?” 
Wynter’s thoughts were interrupted by Fabian, who had shown up 
suddenly and was now eyeing Dalton suspiciously.
Dalton straightened up at once and let his arm fall smoothly to his side. His fingers reached for Wynter’s hand, and by the time he turned around to face Fabian, he was the portrait of a gentleman. 
Fabian frowned. He hadn’t been worried before, but after witnessing that tension-charged scene between Dalton and Wynter, he wasn’t so 
sure anymore. 
He was convinced that Dalton was a no-good punk who was leading Wynter down a path of debauchery. 
Naturally, Fabian did not show his granddaughter that he was displeased. He was smiling affably on the surface, but he kept a 
watchful gaze on Dalton. 
Dalton was smiling as well as he played with his beaded bracelet. He chided himself for being too careless. 
Wynter was young, and he shouldn’t put her in a position like this without first making things official. As things were, he would have to tell his family about this so that they could make preparations. 
Even as he was doing something as practical as planning his and Wynter’s next step, he still couldn’t forget how soft her l*ps felt beneath his fingers. 
Something deep down in him was demanding to be let loose. He clenched his beaded bracelet and forced his urges down. 
Wynter’s dark gaze flickered to Dalton. She had to admit he had quite 
the effect on her.
She was never one to dwell on feelings, and falling in love was not on her to-do list. However, a certain beautiful patient of hers was making 
her reconsider this. 
She willed herself to look unfazed. 
Right now, she had bigger things to focus on. 
One, she had to figure out what her dream meant, and why only Fabian and none of her brothers had shown up in it. 
Two, she knew Atwater wouldn’t have set up a betrothal for her for no 
reason. She had to be missing something important. 
Three, she needed to find out who had put a voodoo curse on Fanny. 
Wynter hated it when voodoo was involved in manipulating someone. Such a practice had been banned, and she was perplexed to learn that someone was still doing it. 
Those aside, her most important task of all was to retrieve the 
sugilite charm. 
Right now, all things pointed her to the one place where she would 
find her answers-Kingbourne.
###chapter292
Chapter 292 Return to Kingbourne 
Fabian originally thought it might take longer to persuade Wynter to 
go back to Kingbourne with him, so he was surprised when she 
readily agreed to it. 
This made Fabian even more excited about returning to Kingbourne. 
Wynter packed his medication and told him her plans. “Grandpa, I won’t be going back with you this time. I’ll have to tell Grandma that we’re moving to Kingbourne. I’ll see you then.” 
“You won’t be coming with me?” Fabian refused to be separated from his granddaughter. He said stubbornly, “Then, I’m not leaving.” 
Wynter laughed. “Grandpa, the medical facilities in the county aren’t as advanced as those in Kingbourne. Besides, if I want to come up with a better prescription for you, I’m going to need more medicinal ingredients than what this county has to offer.” 
“Well, in that case, I’ll come with you to see your grandma,” Fabian suggested, uncompromising. “The visit’s been long overdue, to be 
honest. She did our family a great favor.” 
Wynter couldn’t to that. 
Before she left, she visited Elliot. She was in the middle of adjusting 
his IV drip when he woke up.
His eyes turned into crescents when he registered Wynter’s presence. “Hey, Wynter.” 
They were strangers before this, but owing to their sibling connection, 
they only needed to exchange a few words before they warmed to 
each other. 
“As your brothers, we will stand by you in this Quinnell-Yarwood engagement business.” Elliot stroked Wynter’s hair. “You don’t have to marry Dalton. Once you get to Kingbourne, you can date and marry whoever you like.” 
Amused, Wynter let out a small laugh. “I wouldn’t want to be labeled as a serial dater. You just focus on getting better, Elliot. I can take care of things on my end.” 
“All right, but remember, I’m always here if you need me,” Elliot said. He recalled how she had rescued him from the cellar the other day. Judging by her swift maneuver, he figured she must have been bullied to pick up those skills. 
If Wynter knew what he was thinking, she would tell him he had greatly misunderstood her. She had never been bullied. 
She and Elliot talked for a while longer. 
Elliot, in particular, seemed to have an endless supply of 
conversation. He showed Wynter photos of her from when she was 
young. “Food was your favorite thing. See how you used to stuff your face with candy?” 
“Actually, I don’t remember anything from my days with the Quinnell
family,” Wynter admitted. She would never lie to someone who 
treated her with such sincerity. “I still think it’s best if we run a DNA 
test. It’s just to make sure I’m related to you and the Quinnells.” 
Elliot paused and looked up at her. “You don’t have to, tell anyone else that you don’t remember. This could stay between us. Besides, you 
were only a year old then. It’s perfectly normal for you not to remember things from that age.”, 
There were tears in his eyes as he said, “I know you’re our sister. Anyone who doubts it can take their concerns up with me.” 
After Abel had described the Quinnell family as shark-infested waters, Wynter suspected that the family was plagued with internal conflict. 
As such, a DNA test couldn’t be remiss. It was easy enough to accomplish for Wynter. She had already taken samples from Fabian and Elliot so that she could run them against her own. 
The DNA test results should be out later in the day. 
However, she knew the test results would be redundant once she returned to Kingbourne. She reckoned there would be others in the family who would demand that a DNA test be done. 
The DNA test she had gotten done would be for Fabian and Elliot’s 
benefit. 
When a doctor at the hospital first handed Fabian a folder, Fabian
was at a loss. It was only after he saw what it contained that tears. 
sprung to his eyes. 
Alexis caught a glimpse of the DNA test results and the attestation at the bottom of the page. 
“Ms. Quinnell must have gotten this done to put you at ease,” Alexis pointed out, his voice clear. “She’s more thoughtful than we expected.” 
“I wish she’d be a little more selfish, Fabian mused ruefully as he clutched the folder. “Go back to Kingbourne and prepare for Wynter’s arrival. I don’t want anyone to question Wynter’s identity upon her 
return.” 
“Yes, sir,” Alexis answered dutifully.
###chapter293
Chapter 293 An Impressive Entrance 
In Southdale, Margaret had been anxiously waiting at Waterview Alley 
since receiving Wynter’s call earlier that afternoon. 
Margaret and Susan had been on the edge of their seats when they watched Wynter’s live stream of the operation in Paradise Village. 
If Mr. Keller hadn’t been there to explain the details of the operation, Margaret would have traveled to Havenlight County. 
“Mrs. Yates Senior, is that Wynter? What a fancy fleet! It seems the cars are all registered in Kingbourne!” 
Kingbourne? 
Margaret looked up and saw half a dozen luxury cars pulling up by the alley entrance. 
The next second, Wynter got out of the car at the front of the fleet. She then turned and helped a man, who wore a suit and sported a 
head full of gray hair, out of the vehicle. 
“How… How did Wynter come to know that old man? He’s obviously 
well-off!” 
The other residents of Waterview Alley stood outside their homes and 
craned their necks to get a better view.
Margaret beamed. “The old man is Wynter’s biological family.” 
Wynter had called Margaret yesterday and caught her up to speed. Being the thoughtful granddaughter that she was, the last thing 
Wynter wanted was for Margaret to be caught by surprise. 
Before hanging up yesterday, Wynter had said, “Grandma, I found a 
place with a courtyard in Kingbourne for the three of us. You and Wolf will like it. It even comes with a heater, which will be perfect for you.” 
Wynter had made her intentions clear. Despite having family in 
Kingbourne, Wynter was not going to abandon Margaret in Waterview 
Alley. The three of them would move to Kingbourne together. 
Margaret smiled as her heart warmed at the thought. 
Meanwhile, the residents in Waterview Alley were taken aback by 
Margaret’s answer. They gaped at her and demanded, “Her biological 
family? I didn’t know they were from Kingbourne!” 
“I thought they were from some village in the mountains!” 
None of them had expected this plot twist. 
Ewan might just kick himself if he ever found out how wealthy
Wynter’s family was. It was precisely because he and Wanda thought Wynter’s real parents were bumpkins that they threw Wynter out of 
their home and tried to destroy her career. 
But now, it seemed Ewan and Wanda had been greatly mistaken 
about Wynter’s background. 
Wynter noticed the commotion and hurried to her grandmother. She bent down to embrace Margaret, saying, “Hi, Grandma. You have no 
idea how tired I am after the trip to the mountains. Do you think you 
could make some of that delicious meat stew for me?” 
“All you ever think about is food,” Margaret chided affectionately as she patted Wynter’s back. “But I’ll save the lecturing for later.” 
Fabian made his way over with his dragon-headed cane. A few 
bodyguards clad in black followed him closely from behind. 
At the sight of this, Margaret’s neighbors exchanged an impressed 
look and muttered, “What an entrance, eh?” 
Wynter did not hesitate to make introductions. “Grandma, this is my grandfather from the Quinnell family.” 
“It’s a pleasure to finally meet you, Madam,” Fabian greeted Margaret politely, humbling himself. “Wynter is lucky to have someone like you in her life. The whole Quinnell family is in your debt.”
Margaret took a long look at Fabian’s face and froze. “Mr. Fabian 
Quinnell?” 
“Do you know him, Grandma?” Wynter raised a brow in surprise. 
Fabian was puzzled as well. 
Margaret laughed and explained, “I don’t blame you for not remembering us, Mr. Quinnell, but my fellow research associates and I will always remember what you did for our department. 
We were researching traditional medicine, and it was only through your investments that we managed to keep our herb farm. If not, Riftgard would have overtaken it. 
Fabian recalled the incident after hearing this. He guffawed and said casually, “Oh, that. You don’t have to thank me, Madam,” he said, grinning. 
“I only wanted to have some fun by giving Riftgard a,hard time. With the abundance of medicinal herbs in Florand, that garden is the 
legacy of countless doctors who dedicated themselves to practicing traditional medicine. As if I’d let Riftgard take that away from us!” 
Margaret thought this was rather noble of Fabian, but she never expected him to be Wynter’s biological grandfather. 
At first, she thought Wynter’s real family had simply come from 
money. She glanced at Wynter, and though she was happy for the 
latter, she couldn’t help but worry.
Kingbourne was a whole different ball game, and Wynter would have 
to watch her words and her every move once she arrived there. 
Margaret wondered if Wynter would fit in.
###chapter294
Chapter 294 A New Place for Troublemaking 
Margaret had been wondering if she should move to Kingbourne with Wynter, but now, it seemed moving was inevitable. 
She might not be able to help Wynter with much, but at least she 
could keep an eye on the latter. 
Presently, Margaret and Fabian were getting along swimmingly. 
They pored over photos of Wynter from when she was a child. “See her blank little face and her empty gaze? I was worried she was 
falling behind on her studies, but she went ahead and became the top 
scorer of the district!” 
Fabian’s eyes lit up. “Top scorer of the district?” He knew Wynter had 
taken after his intelligence and practicality. He wished he could say 
the same for Rowan and Tobias, who showed more interest in 
performing arts than academic excellence. 
“That’s right,” Margaret confirmed. She added guiltily, “At the end o the day, my family could have done better in raising Wynter. That insolent son of mine and his wife weren’t exactly kind to her.” 
Margaret went on to tell Fabian what Ewan and Wanda had put Wynter through.
Fabian was compassionate. “But none of those have anything to do with you. In any case, you raised Wynter on your own. That’s why 
Wynter is so adamant about providing for you and taking care of you.” 
“Wynter tends to bottle up her feelings.” Margaret slid,a photo to 
Fabian as she said, “She’s stubborn, and she will always stand up for 
what is right regardless of the consequences. 
“I know it’s not my place to say this, but please come to her defense if 
she were to offend anybody in the Quinnell family.” 
Fabian’s heart wrenched at Margaret’s words. He knew her concerns 
were not unreasonable. It wasn’t a secret that the Quinnells had 
sponsored Naomi and ended up pseudo-adopting her. 
However, that decision was rearing its ugly head now that Fabian had 
to shield his biological granddaughter from any potential harm. 
He gripped his cane tightly and said reassuringly, “Madam, I promise I 
will not allow anyone to pick on Wynter as long as I’m alive. 
“She’s the youngest. I’ll let her do whatever she wants, and I won’t have anyone reprimanding her for anything. That’s the least we can 
do for her.”
Margaret understood what he meant. Her voice was hoarse as she said gratefully, “Well, I’m glad to hear that, Mr. Quinnell.” 
The last thing Margaret wanted was for Wynter to suffer any more. 
hardship. 
Fabian grinned. “You can call me Fabian from now on. Shall we proceed with more stories from Wynter’s childhood?” 
“Of course,” Margaret replied graciously. “Now, Wynter has always 
been friendly, and here at Waterview Alley…” 
Just like that, the two of them spent the entire afternoon sharing 
stories over a pot of tea. 
Ryan was more than happy to top up tea and biscuits for the elderly 
duo. As for the bodyguards who had come with Fabian, they were dragged to practice some punching moves with Wolf. 
Wolf was displeased to find a small crowd in his courtyard at first, 
given that they were taking up his space for free. He resorted to 
glowering at the guests until Wynter whispered something in his ear 
that cheered him up. 
He signed out the question, “We get to kick some ass in Kingbourne?”
“Mind your language, Wolf. I said we were going to make money. 
there, not kick some ass,” Wynter corrected lazily. “Now, go and play. 
Remember, this is just training, so don’t hurt anyone.” 
Wolf’s eyes glittered at this. 
A while later, the bodyguards found themselves at Wolf’s mercy, and 
they couldn’t help getting upset. They wondered, “How can a child his age have such tremendous strength?” 
Wolf was just getting warmed up when Dalton showed up at 
Waterview Alley with his entourage. 
Pausing, Wolf looked up at Dalton sullenly, his hostility showing on 
his little face. 
The bodyguards were incredulous and wondered if they had simply imagined Wolf’s strong dislike for Dalton. 
Dalton, on the other hand, met Wolf’s gaze. 
Wolf narrowed his eyes and snarled. He was about to lunge for Dalton when Dalton pulled out a bank card and tapped it against the 
little boy’s head. “Where is she?” 
Chaoke.
Place for Troublertaking 
Naturally, Wolf knew who Dalton was asking after. He grinned and 
took the bank card from Dalton, then pointed in the general direction 
of the farmer’s market. 
The bodyguards nearly gasped as they thought, “How could Dalton hand over a bank card to a child so easily?” 
“Take me there,” Dalton said to Wolf. He stood tall and straight, 
looking elegant and chivalrous as he extended a hand toward Wolf. 
He was silently asking Wolf to hold his hand, but Wolf signed at him 
angrily after some thought, “That’ll cost you extra!”
###chapter295
Chapter 295 Special Skill Set 
Dalton patiently asked, “Where’s your QR code?” 
Wolf pointed at the strap on his shoulder. 
Dalton scanned the code with his phone. He then transferred 1000 
dollars into Wolf’s bank account and said, “I heard you like black 
truffles.” 
Wolf nodded once. 
Chuckling, Dalton ruffled the kid’s hair affectionately. “I’ll bring some for you next time.” 
Wolf stared at Dalton in an assessing manner and signed, “I’ll spare 
you this time, but only because you paid me and promised to bring 
me food the next time.” 
Wolf’s perception of Dalton could not be changed. He couldn’t he feeling that Dalton was dangerous, and he felt the urge to run awa 
whenever Dalton was near. 
Wolf could only hope that Wynter had taken his warning seriously. 
He sighed as if he was carrying the world’s burden on his shoulders. Little did he know that what he said before would come back to bite
him. 
Meanwhile, Wynter still had some unfinished business in Southdale. She figured she could do some investigating while Fabian and Margaret were chatting away at home. 
After arriving at the destination, the landlord informed Wynter, “You mean those gangsters? I don’t know where they went, but I bet they got into huge trouble. Why are you looking for them, young lady?” 
Wynter chuckled and kept her answer vague. “No particular reason. 
One of them-the one with the white hair-reminds me of my brother.” 
“That one?” The landlord’s gaze flickered, and he looked like he was 
debating on telling her something. 
Wynter did not press him as she set down cartons of milk and a 
basket of fruits for his children. 
At the sight of this, the landlord finally caved. “Young lady, I’m not 
trying to spook you or anything, but that brother of yours is a little… 
odd.” 
“How so?” Wynter probed gently. 
The landlord’s voice dropped to a whisper. “My grandson was alm 
bitten by a pack of stray dogs when your brother showed up alo 
and stood there in complete silence. It was like he could make th
dogs obey him or something!” 
“Oh, he was an animal whisperer,” Wynter explained breezily, smiling. But he got held back somewhere along the way.” 
The landlord was amazed. “An animal whisperer? I never knew there was such a thing!” 
“Yeah,” Wynter said. She gave the landlord her number. “Would you mind giving me a call if he ever comes back?” 
Sighing, the landlord looked at her ruefully. “I don’t think he’s ever 
Η 
coming back, young lady. Don’t get your hopes up.” 
Wynter had seen it for herself. It appeared Whitley had packed up and left in a hurry, as if he had encountered something terrible. She 
wondered if that was why he hadn’t been showing up at the Empathy 
Clinic. 
However, if Whitley and Wolf were related, she doubted he would run 
into any trouble he couldn’t handle. 
She still remembered what Atwater used to tell her. It was along the 
lines of everything in this world had its place and time.” 
Once she was done tying up loose ends, she shrugged on the woven
basket and made her way to the farmer’s market. 
The elderly folk there immediately surrounded her as soon as she 
arrived. 
or wast 
old man who came with you your family?” 
“Yeah,” Wynter replied. 
“Well, he’s well-off, isn’t he? You’ll be living like royalty from now on!” 
“About time too! She’s suffered enough.” 
“Darn right, she has!” 
Wynter laughed as the market folks fussed over her. As she perused 
the usual fish and meat selection, she went ahead and took the 
vendors’ pulses. 
“Mr. Webb, your blood pressure is a little high today, Have you been. 
drinking?” Wynter asked in mock disapproval. 
“Heh.” Nolan Webb had the decency to look sheepish. “Maybe just a 
bit more than usual.”
“Aunt Ruth, you’ve got to keep an eye on him,” Wynter chided playfully. 
“What do you want me to do? He’s stubborn as a donkey!” Ruth 
added, “I’ve got some lovely cuts of beef today, Wynter. Let me bag 
some up for you. On the house!” 
Wynter scanned the QR code to pay the Webbs. “I’m practically 
royalty now, Mrs. Webb. I’ve got money to splurge.” 
This made the entire market burst into laughter. 
“I heard you were planning on bringing your grandmother with you to 
Kingbourne,” Ruth said, more of a question than a statement. 
Wynter hummed in response. “She’ll recover better in Kingbourne, 
what with her leg condition and all.” 
“Yes, but we don’t know when we might see her again,” Ruth pointed 
out sadly. 
This made Wynter pause. “It’s a four-hour train ride from Kingbourne. 
to Southdale. Once everything’s settled, I’ll bring Grandma back here 
for a visit whenever she wants.”
She hadn’t realized she had overlooked something important until Ruth pointed it out to her. More often than not, the elderly didn’t like. 
moving into new surroundings. 
Margaret had always been selfless whenever it came to Wynter, but that didn’t mean she would acclimate to a new life in Kingbourne. 
At the thought of this, Wynter pulled out her phone and quickly sent a 
message.
###chapter296
Chapter 296 Picky Eater 
Dalton arrived at the farmer’s market to see Wynter bustling around, giving consultation to the market folk instead of buying groceries. 
He had never seen anyone more well-liked by senior citizens than 
Wynter. 
Before coming to Southdale, Dalton had intended to pull some strings for Wynter’s sake, only to realize that she didn’t need his help at all. He was even more surprised to learn that she knew Jackson 
personally. 
Dalton watched Wynter from a distance as he toyed with his beaded 
bracelet, his expression pensive. 
Wynter, on the other hand, didn’t notice Dalton at all. She went around examining the pulses of the market folk, carrying her grocery basket 
in her free hand. 
Suddenly, someone took the basket away. 
She whirled around to see Dalton staring at her. He was as handsome 
as ever, with a bookish charm to his appearance. She noticed that he looked less intimidating today, but that was probably because he 
wasn’t wearing his glasses.
Wynter could tell he had put in effort to avoid drawing attention to himself. He had foregone his usual business attire in favor of a 
windbreaker. 
Unfortunately, his plan of blending in with the market folk failed, for 
the elderly folk swarmed around him as soon as he showed up. 
“Wynter, is this the young man your grandmother told us you were seeing? My goodness, he’s handsome!” 
“You two make a lovely couple! What a catch!” 
Dalton’s charm worked on women of all ages, though his height and. graceful demeanor helped too. 
Even the young men from Waterview Alley who had secret crushes on Wynter couldn’t help conceding to Dalton’s superiority. 
Arnold Hammond, the fishmonger, flushed in embarrassment when he saw Dalton. It was only moments ago that he tried to chat Wynter 
1. 
Dalton didn’t need to look to know Arnold was embarrassed, but he 
didn’t give Arnold a hard time. He smiled graciously and took the 
carrier bag of fish from Arnold, then said, “Thanks. How much is it?” 
Dalton was so focused on helping Wynter carry her groceries that
he’d forgotten about his allergies. 
He was about to scan the payment code when Wynter quickly 
stopped him. “Sir, all you have to do is stand there and look pretty. I don’t want precious cargo like you to get damaged.” 
“Okay,” Dalton said obediently, grinning. 
Dalton’s bodyguards fell speechless at this. They never thought this 
day would come. After all, Dalton hadn’t hesitated to get blood on his 
hands to punish some deserving crooks, but now the man was acting 
as if he couldn’t get his hands dirty at all. 
On the bright side, the bodyguards no longer needed to drive across 
great distances. 
They exchanged dubious looks, each of them wondering if Dalton was turning over a new leaf. 
Presently, Wynter perused the vegetables on display. Dalton fell in step behind her. 
She nodded at the radish selection. “You eat those, don’t you?” 
Dalton stared at her long, dark hair. “I find it a rather bland vegetable.” 
“What about butternut squash?” Wynter asked. 
“I don’t like how mushy it gets,” he replied.
She narrowed her eyes. “Carrots then.” 
He considered this, then frowned and said, “It smells funky to me.” 
Having concluded that Dalton was an extra picky eater, Wynter 
avoided buying all the vegetables he didn’t like and settled for other 
greens. 
Frankly, she was surprised that he hadn’t minded swallowing any of 
the medicinal food she’d made for him before. 
After a successful market haul, Dalton and Wynter made their way back to the house. Fabian and Margaret were still in the midst of 
conversation. 
Ryan offered to help Wynter with the groceries, but she turned him down. “Wolf, go start a fire. We’re cooking medicinal food today.” 
Wolf immediately bounded over, his QR code still dangling from his. shoulder. 
Wynter glanced at him curiously. “You made him pay you?” 
Wolf nodded and pointed at Dalton. 
“I’m surprised you took his money.” Wynter pointed out with a raised brow. “I thought you said he was dangerous.”
Wolf signed his reply. Wynter pinched his face until his crooked incisors showed. Her gaze darkened as she said, “That’s enough now. Give him back his money, Wolf. Greed isn’t a good look on you.” 
Wolf made a strangled noise. He never said no to Wynter. 
As such, he obediently returned the money to Dalton and set off to 
start the fire, showcasing his super strength. 
Wynter watched him at work, her gaze flickering as the first flames 
came to life and her face inscrutable. 
The move to Kingbourne wasn’t just for her sake, but it was for Wolf’s 
as well. He had been away from Kingbourne for too long, and it was 
time he went back. 
Meanwhile, it was getting late in Kingbourne. Somewhere, someone 
demanded agitatedly, “What did you just say?”
###chapter297
Chapter 297 Warning 
Peter clutched his phone tightly, his eyes wide with disbelief. 
The person on the other line explained in hushed tones, “Dad, our syndicate at Havenlight County has been busted. A special task force was involved this time, and so were the Yarwoods. We have no 
choice but to hit the kill switch before anyone traces it back to us.” 
“The Yarwoods?” Peter narrowed his eyes. “Why would they get 
involved in something like this?” 
“Dad, do you think the Yarwoods are working together with the 
Kellers?” the man on the other line asked. 
Peter considered the possibility. “No,” he concluded. “The Yarwoods 
are mavericks.” 
“Lucas didn’t even stumble once during the operation. That adopted 
wench from the Yates family is a pain in the ass!” the person on the 
other line said through gritted teeth. He seemed to hate Wynter with a 
passion. 
Peter’s gaze darkened. “You mean that wench is involved in this too?” 
The man on the other line replied, “If it hadn’t been for her live-stream,
the shenanigans that go on in Havenlight County would never have been exposed to the whole nation. 
“The repercussions are too dangerous for our syndicate to continue to operate. Even Garfield was arrested!” He added quietly, “Garfield knows too much. I’m worried he might crack under pressure and rat 
us out.” 
Peter set his cigar down and snapped, “Find a way to tell him to keep 
his m*uth shut if he wants his wife, daughter, and 80-year-old mother 
to continue living happily in Kingbourne.” 
“Yes, Dad.” 
A shadow passed over Peter’s face as he asked, “So, what did you 
find out about that wench?” 
“She was kidnapped and brought to Paradise Village ten years ago, 
along with the other runts. I don’t know who her parents are,” lan explained. “After some digging, I reckoned her folks are poor 
bumpkins. 
“Her identity aside, she’s a famous live-streamer, so it’ll be tough to 
take her down.” 
Peter demanded hoarsely, “Tough? Give her a warning, then! You’re in
Southdale now, and I’m sure she’ll think twice about crossing you 
after learning who you are. 
“Some things just cannot be compromised on. She’ll stay out of our 
way if she’s smart.” 
“You’re right. The City Bureau will be awarding her for her bravery 
tomorrow,” lan said, his voice barely above a whisper. “I’ll let her know 
we mean business by then.” 
“She and her grandmother are the same,” Peter hissed venomously. 
“They are a pair of ignorant fools,” lan agreed. “Don’t worry, Dad. It’ll 
be easy to make her disappear this time.” 
Peter pinched the space between his brows and said tiredly, “Hold 
your horses. You don’t always have to be so extreme. Giving these peasants a chance might eventually work out for us. Now, go and make the arrangements like Timothy asked.” 
“The Shepherds have already chosen from their lot and will be sending them over to Kingbourne soon, but those aren’t enough. We’ll have to look for more,” lan explained. 
A rush of anger seized him. “If that wench hadn’t disrupted things in Havenlight County, we’d have enough numbers for the arrangement.”
Peter wasn’t bothered. “The Shepherds will know what to do. They hold stakes in hospitals outside of Southdale, too.” 
“I understand,” lan replied, grinning deviously. 
As if having grown weary of the conversation, Peter said dismissively, 
“Go. Don’t dawdle any longer.” 
“Yes, Dad.” 
Meanwhile, over at Empathy Clinic, the guests had gathered around 
the stove, steeping tea. 
Dalton watched as Wynter dropped a few curls of orange rind into the 
teapot, which added a citrusy fragrance to the tea. 
Fabian had originally planned on returning to Kingbourne after visiting Margaret and Wolf but found himself reluctant to leave despite having already had dinner. 
Next to Fabian, Ryan pointed out gently, “Mr. Quinnell, it’ll be 
dangerous for us to drive after nightfall. Shall we leave now?” 
He still had plenty of things to take care of in Kingbourne. 
Wynter suddenly handed Ryan her phone. “Ryan, you and Grandpa can take the train back to Kingbourne. Bring two of your bodyguards with you. I’ve already bought the tickets, so all you have to do is show your
ID at the station.”
###chapter298
Chapter 298 Under Review 
Fabian looked at the electronic ticket on Wynter’s phone. He had two 
more hours left until the train ride, which meant he could stay for 
another hour of tea. 
He brightened up at this and went back to chatting with Margaret. 
Wynter went into one of the rooms and packed Fabian’s medication for him. Before Fabian and Ryan left for the train, she handed the medication to Ryan and said, “Alexis told me that no one tampered with Grandpa’s last prescription, but Grandpa’s breathing was labored 
when I examined him. 
“Could you keep an eye on his diet, and he follows through with it? He can take everything else in moderation. I’ll examine him again once I 
go over to Kingbourne.” 
Fabian’s condition had improved considerably in the last two days.. 
He had been coughing when he first arrived, but if his flushed ch*eks were any indication, he was much better now. 
Wynter also insisted that he carry his medication on his perso 
Fabian had planned on getting some work done on the train, but the medication Wynter gave him contained a mild relaxant. That, coupled.
with the comfort of the premium coach, put Fabian to sleep before 
the train even left the district. He had never been this relaxed before. 
Moving to Kingbourne required more packing than anyone expected. 
Dalton wanted to stay and help Wynter, but she turned him down. 
After all, she didn’t want him to see Wolf’s secret stash. 
She hadn’t forgotten how their equipment was lost as a result of Dalton tracking them down. 
Dalton was still grinning when Wynter shoved him out. “Shouldn’t I be 
helping?” 
“I’ll call you if I need you,” she said curtly. “Grandma needs help moving because of her bad leg, so you can come over and help by 
then. Bye.” 
After that, she slammed the door in his face, making her dismissal of 
him clear. 
Dalton fell speechless. He had given Wynter the impression that he was overly fragile and couldn’t contribute to the moving effort, 
perhaps save for becoming a driver. 
Even his bodyguards were staring skyward in exasperation. This was the first time they had seen anyone slam a door in Dalton’s face.
At this point, they wondered if Dalton had succeeded in becoming Wynter’s boyfriend at all. 
Now that Dalton was out of Wynter’s sight, he had shed his warm 
demeanor and returned to his usual mposing self. He looked particularly domineering in the moonlight. 
His bodyguards kept quiet until one of their phones suddenly rang. 
“Mr. Yarwood, it’s your grandfather,” the bodyguard said. 
The Maybeck was parked nearby this time. Dalton stood next to it as he took the phone from the bodyguard, and he only slid into the car 
after putting the call through. “Hey, Grandpa.” 
“You brat! Tell me Samson wasn’t joking about what he reported back 
to me,” Theo demanded, though he sounded happy on the phone. “If you’re lying to me, I’ll beat you up no matter how weak you are!” 
Dalton chuckled. “I’m pretty sure Max fed you some intel before this. I thought you’d be less surprised.” 
At the mention of this, Theo cleared his throat to mask his guilt and said, “Don’t change the subject. Are you serious about getting 
engaged?” 
“Yes.” Dalton plucked his beaded bracelet, the shadows playing over 
his handsome profile. “I’m just not sure if I’ll be rejected.” 
Theo sat up straight, alarmed. “What do you mean?”
“There are some things that can’t be rushed, Grandpa,” Dalton chided jokingly. “You told me that when you were giving me calligraphy 
lessons, remember?” He glanced out of the car window, his gaze as 
dark as the night. 
Theo heard the forlorn edge in Dalton’s voice and burst out laughing. 
Well, who would have thought you’d end up in this situation, huh? 
Hasn’t Dr. Genius agreed to go out with you yet? 
“I told you to stop being so high-handed and cocky, or you’ll end up being single for good, but you just wouldn’t listen! Now look at you, 
moping over a girl! Haha/ 
Dalton groaned in exasperation, “Grandpa, would you mind?” 
Theo sipped his tea smugly and said, “Someone’s finally come along to put you in your place, you brat. I heard from Fabian himself that your performance is under review. I bet you’re kicking yourself for 
calling off that engagement!”
###chapter299
Chapter 299 Powerful Connections 
Dalton pointed out dryly, “In my defense, I didn’t know she was the person the Quinnells have been looking for.” 
Theo stopped teasing Dalton after a while. Just knowing that Wynter might one day become his granddaughter-in-law was enough for him. “In that case, do your best. If you don’t know how to go about asking 
for her hand, then read a novel or something!” 
Dalton thought, “A novel?” 
He would have never done anything so st*pid as to read a novel for inspiration, but when he clicked into his inbox and found no 
messages from Wynter, he decided otherwise. 
With a click and a swipe, he stumbled upon a very popular romance 
web novel. All the comments were raving about the male character, 
who was apparently the man of every woman’s dreams. 
Dalton had no issues negotiating a billion-dollar deal, but reading a 
romance novel was a different ballpark altogether. 
He frowned as he read the first chapter. 
Meanwhile, Wynter was unaware that Dalton had resorted to seeking
inspiration from the wrong sources. So, when a hundred cups of 
coffee of various types and brands were delivered to her house along 
with rose petals the next day, she was entirely baffled. 
Her neighbors in Waterview Alley gaped at the coffee and flowers 
piled up outside Empathy Clinic. 
Wynter distributed the coffee to the neighbors and saved the ones with sugar for Wolf, who happily gulped them down. When he was done, he signed, “I never want to drink coffee again!” 
She ruffled his hair. “Good luck, kid. By the way, hand those flowers out for me, will you?” 
Wolf frowned in agitation. All he wanted to do was find out who had sent all these coffee and flowers. 
Wynter picked up a rose and laughed. “Who else? A certain Mr. Yarwood, I presume.” 
Wolf signed, “I like him better when he’s handing out bank cards.” 
Wynter neither agreed nor disagreed with him. She glanced at her phone and put on her baseball cap and mask. “Stay home with Grandma. I’m going out to get my award.” 
Wolf blinked at her, as if asking, “Prize? What prize?” He knew Wynter, would never attend anything like an award ceremony, and he 
wondered what made her change her mind. 
In truth, Wynter had promised she would make an appearance. She wanted to see how the survivors, especially Yarra, were doing.
After all, with Havenlight County taking up half of Southdale’s 
territory, the rescue operation at Paradise Village had caused quite a 
stir. 
Countless children who had been rescued and parents from all over had flocked to Southdale to personally thank Lucas. 
Lucas oversaw the whole operation until the end. He first set up 
medical units for the children who had been rescued, then looked into 
all the departments that had allegedly taken bribes from the traffickers. After that, he visited every village in every county. 
Things were shaking up in Southdale. 
The average person might not be able to tell, but those who did civil work knew that Lucas would one day restructure and rule Southdale 
with an iron fist. 
Before this, there was talk that Lucas might not live up to the 
expectations as the new Secretary-General. The politics in Southdale were not the easiest to figure out, after all, since they were so deeply 
entrenched in connections. 
Lucas never turned down any case that was escalated to the City Bureau. There was no foul play at work regardless of how big the
case was. 
“Mr. Keller does his job well,” someone remarked. 
“Tell me about it. The top brass came by the other day. I bet Mr. Keller can expect a promotion soon.” 
Wynter heard the drivers conversing before she went in. These drivers 
worked for the cadre.. 
Her name might have been on the list for the award ceremony, but she didn’t tell anybody the time she would arrive for it. 
Dom didn’t seem to mind as he stood by the entrance. At the sight of Wynter, he immediately beckoned her over. “Dr. Genius! Over here!” 
“Mr. Fisher,” Wynter greeted with a smile. “Fancy running into your 
here.” 
Chapter 299 memefulConnections 
Dom was dressed formally today. He chuckled and said, “Mr. Munn Senior is here too. He said to invite you for dinner after the ceremony.” 
“That’s fine by me. I haven’t seen Mr. Munn Senior in a while,” Wynter remarked casually. 
The drivers who heard this nearly dropped their cigarettes. They wondered who Wynter was. She had shown up here riding a 
motorbike, and the drivers thought she was one of the rescued.
If that were the case, then how did she have such a powerful 
connection as Jackson? 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Play
###chapter300
Chapter 300 Jumping to Conclusions 
Dom paid no mind to what the others in the community thought. He was happy enough to have accomplished what Jackson had asked of him. “You know, Dr. Genius, the leaders have missed you. They go onto your live-streaming channel all the time and hardly dare to take 
bathroom breaks.” 
“I figured I’d go visit them before I leave,” Wynter said as she walked alongside Dom. 
Dom gaped at her. “Leave? You’re leaving, Dr. Genius?” 
What was he going to do if she left? He couldn’t handle the cadre on his own, and he knew better than to give it a shot. 
“I found my family, and they’re in Kingbourne,” Wynter explained with a smile. “Don’t worry, Mr. Fisher. I’ll tell the others.” 
Dom was still dazed as he muttered, “Mr. Munn Senior will be leaving for Kingbourne in the next few days, and now you’re leaving for Kingbourne.” He sighed. 
Wynter was surprised that Jackson was leaving for Kingbourne. She didn’t think he would be transferred anywhere at his age. Perhaps she 
had underestimated him. 
She didn’t press for details, given that it was Jackson’s private affairs. She followed Dom to the seating area right in front of the stage.
The ceremony was about to start. Reporters from various media channels, along with the Lopezes and the Shepherds, had shown up. 
Abel was too far away to spot Wynter. As for the Shepherds, they sat at the very front of the audience, looking as regal and arrogant as 
ever. 
Wynter couldn’t help lifting a brow at the seating plan. She asked 
Dom, “Mr. Fisher, why are the Shepherds seated up front? Are they receiving awards too?” 
“No, I don’t think so.” Dom had no opinions on the Shepherds. “But I heard they were the ones who supplied the DNA database that allowed parents to find their children.” 
Wynter toyed with her purple sugilite pendant. “They supplied the 
database?” 
“Yes,” Dom replied without thinking much of it. 
Wynter went quiet as she processed this information. 
The audience clapped and cheered as the victims of the kidnapping 
took their seats. 
The Shepherds appeared to be the center of attention as the victims and their families thanked them profusely for their contribution. 
Charlie, who had always loved being put on a pedestal, smiled graciously as he said, “No thanks necessary. We were only doing our job as doctors.”
The parents of the victims were beyond grateful as they took turns shaking Charlie’s hand. 
Charlie gave a speech on behalf of the Shepherds, who were already the center of attention before taking the stage. 
However, he stopped short when he got to the front, and his gaze fell on Wynter. He asked in a cl*pped tone, “What are you doing here?” 
Why did she have to show up wherever he was? He had called off their engagement ages ago, and he couldn’t understand why she wouldn’t leave him alone. 
Charlie thought Wynter had meant it when she behaved indifferently 
toward him at the manor. 
However, the fact that she was here could only mean she was playing 
hard to get. 
“Wynter, you and I are over,” Charlie said as he gazed down at her imperiously. “You shouldn’t be here at this ceremony. Leave before you force me to make a scene.” 
Hearing this, Dom clenched his fists and made to stand up. 
With one hand on Dom’s shoulder, Wynter kept the man in his seat. She shot Charlie an icy look. “I’m starting to think if that brain of yours has atrophied, Charlie. Why do you always jump to the most 
ridiculous conclusions?” 
“Excuse me?” Charlie was furious, but he had to keep his voice down on account of the surrounding media crew. “If you want to do this the
hard way, Wynter, then so be it!” 
With that, he turned around and demanded, “Get security to kick her 
out of here! She’ll do nothing but cause trouble at an event like this.” 
“Kick who out?” 
Just then, a group of cadres showed up, all of them in suits. The 
person who had spoken was none other than Lucas, the man who 
was going to restructure Southdale with an iron fist.
###chapter301

Chapter 301 Charlie's Ignorance
Charlie had heard of Lucas' appointment as Secretary-General and recognized him immediately. Beaming, he greeted the latter, "Good day, Mr. Keller!"
Lucas suppressed his rage as he looked at Charlie impassively, "And you are?"
"Charlie Shepherd of the Shepherd family in Southdale. We're rather big in the medical industry," Charlie introduced himself with a gleam in his eyes. "My father and I have met you before."
Standing next to Lucas, Roland Lewis interjected, "Mr. Keller, the Shepherds have provided the resources we needed to rescue those abducted children—"
Lucas cut him off brusquely, "You know him?"
Roland blinked before answering, "Yes. The Shepherds run a renowned social enterprise in Southdale. You might not know this, sir, but they have the most advanced medical equipment and treatment methods. They might be one of the best in the country."
"Oh?" Lucas' expression was inscrutable. "If my memory serves me well, the Shepherds and the Gibsons were close friends, yes?"
Everyone stiffened when they heard this, and the team that had been trailing Lucas grew uneasy.
"Mr. Keller, our family-" Charlie began to explain nervously.
Lucas cut him off with a low chuckle. Although he sounded affable, his words were pointed as he spoke. "The Shepherd family must be quite a force if their son could have our hero thrown out of the premises with a simple order."
Hero? Charlie wondered who it was. Disbelief filled his eyes when he realized that Lucas was talking about Wynter. How could a bumpkin like her be the hero in question?
However, his jaw dropped as Lucas brushed past him and approached Wynter. The
Shepherds were too full of themselves to see what Wynter had been getting up to since they bade her good riddance at the manor.
That said, Charlie had caught wind of her popular livestreaming, but he doubted she could go far as a streamer, famous or not. He likened her to a peddler whose beauty was her only advantage and did not bother to stay on top of her recent activities.
As such, he gaped helplessly at the older, influential men around him, hoping they could enlighten him about the situation at hand.
Some of these men had close ties to the Shepherd family, and even they had broken out in cold sweat.
One of them sensed that something was amiss and quickly feigned anger. "What's wrong with the Shepherds? Charlie has no right to kick anyone out of this event!"
Lucas paid no attention to these men and their swaying loyalties. He merely came to a stop before Wynter and offered her a handshake.
He said in a strong and clear voice, "Dr. Genius, allow me to thank you on behalf of the women and children who were rescued."
"You're too kind, Mr. Keller." Wynter gave him a courteous smile, her posture straight and elegant. "The operation wouldn't have been a success without your leadership and excellent decision-making."
At this point, everyone at the event had craned their necks to behold this scene. Charlie, in particular, was so stumped that his expression was comically slack.
Lucas, the Secretary-General himself, had gone up to shake the hand of a young lady in front of all the cameras. As if this weren't shocking enough, his words of gratitude to the young lady had everyone in an uproar.
The audience began exchanging looks and forgot all about the Shepherds.
"Dr. Genius? She's the one who went to Paradise Village and risked her life getting evidence for the police!" someone cried.
"I watched the entire thing on livestream! Everyone, that's the person we should be thanking for saving our children!" another exclaimed.
"The case would never have been cracked without her!"
At once, the parents of the abduction victims all rose to their feet. They weren't so foolish as to not recognize the true hero of the day.
Lucas shot an icy look in Charlie's direction. "Seems like someone is eager to steal the thunder. I suppose I should look into the medical industry to see if there's anything amiss."
"Mr. Keller, there's been a misunderstanding!" Nelson, who had hurried over to the scene, explained anxiously.
A Secretary-General worth his weight in gold would know that something was wrong here. Lucas snorted. "A misunderstanding? The young Mr. Shepherd here wanted to have our hero thrown out by security, and you want to pass that off as a misunderstanding?
He looked around and said authoritatively, "Is there anyone here who hasn't seen or doesn't know the hero of this operation? If so, leave at once!"
###chapter302
Chapter 302 Eventual Disgrace 
Roland was so anxious that he broke into a cold sweat. He quickly 
ushered the Shepherd family out of their seats and snapped, “All of 
you, to the back!” 
“The back?” Charlie was incredulous as he protested, “But I’m supposed to go up on stage for the award!” 
Lucas gave Roland an icy look. “Mr. Lewis, I expected better 
arrangements from you.” 
Blood drained from Roland’s face. He didn’t bother with civility. anymore as he grabbed Charlie by the arm and hauled him away.” Who do you think you are to go up on stage? That award is meant for 
Dr. Genius!” 
Charlie gaped at Roland in surprise. Nelson, on the other hand, knew better than to argue with Roland. As such, he turned away from 
Charlie and flashed Lucas a polite smile. 
Just like that, the Shepherd family was put up in a remote corner. 
Charlie was disgracefully escorted out of the hall as everyone watched in bewilderment. He stared at Roland with wide eyes and 
demanded, “Roland, we agreed that I was supposed to go up on stage!
With nobody watching them outside, Roland let go of Charlie like the latter was a filthy animal and snapped, “That’s Mr. Lewis to you!” 
Charlie wanted to step forward to confront Roland, but the security 
team formed a human blockade and stopped him from going any 
Chapter 109 I ventual (haqtadel 
further. 
Roland sneered in contempt and wondered how the Shepherds had managed to raise such an ignorant son. Charlie hadn’t even 
pretended to understand what Lucas was implying! It was only a 
matter of time before Lucas cracked down on the Shepherd family’s 
crimes. 
In the past, Roland wouldn’t have balked in front of Lucas. 
After all, it would take a lot of work before Lucas could even get a hint of dirt on the Shepherds, and the investigation would have dragged on for months or years on end. At some point, Lucas would probably have called off the investigation or even deemed it a failure. 
But things were different now, and Lucas’ forces were formidable Nothing good would come to Roland from getting on Lucas’ bad side. 
Meanwhile, Charles couldn’t believe that he had worked on his speech for a full day and overnight for nothing. It didn’t help that his fellow university classmates were pelting him with questions in their group
text. 
“Charlie, how’s the award ceremony? We’re all waiting for your 
interview!” 
“Why are you more anxious about this than Yvette?” 
“That’s because Yvette is busy and I’m asking on her behalf.” 
Yvette participated in the conversation diplomatically. “I’m at the school entrance. Coffee’s on me, everyone.” 
“Long live Yvette!” 
“An angel through and through-Yvette should be voted model citizen. 
Charlie was feeling worse about himself as he read the group’s lively messages. He loosened his tie and could not shake off the bad feeling that was creeping up on him. 
He was stunned that Roland and Lucas were speaking up for an imposter like Wynter. Narrowing his eyes, Charlie was determined to keep this a secret from his classmates. 
“Something’s come up, guys,” Charlie texted. “An important 
consultation came in and I have to miss the ceremony. Someone else will receive the award on my behalf. Sorry for the wait. Dinner’s on me when I get back to Kingbourne.” 
The excitement in the group text died down at once. Some of his classmates felt bad that he was going to miss the ceremony, while others thought it was right of him to prioritize his patients. 
No longer in the mood to read the messages in the group, Charlie
clicked on Yvette’s name and texted her privately. 
“Do you know if Margaret has any important connections in 
Southdale?” 
Yvette read his message and frowned, replying, “Why do you ask, 
Charlie?” 
“No reason. I heard Margaret got to know a lot of important people during her prime, that’s all,” he lied. 
He added for good measure, “I think you should keep in touch with Margaret every once in a while, Yvette. You can’t have that imposter 
(Chanté 302) 
winning your grandmother’s favor. You’re the one who’s related to Margaret by blood, after all.” 
After that, he told Yvette about Lucas coming to Wynter’s defense, though he spared her the details. He sounded sure of himself as he declared, “I bet Margaret knows someone in the Keller family.” 
Yvette grew uneasy as she typed, “How would Margaret know the 
Kellers?” 
In her previous life, the Kellers played a key role, and she only knew this because of Ewan. Lucas had been a decisive leader who didn’t 
hesitate to weed out all the corrupted figures in Southdale, the 
Shepherds included.
However, Lucas’ days of glory did not last long, for someone 
eventually got ahold of his weakness, Within a year, he was demoted, 
and any hope of him getting back on his feet was dashed. 
Chapter 303 Yvette the Oracle 
Without the Scotts’ support, there was no way Lucas would make any headway in his career, at least not in Southdale. Ruling it would be a 
distant dream for the man. 
Yvette couldn’t help the smugness that rushed through her as she contemplated Lucas’ fortune. Be it good or bad, he was going to end up in shame despite his connections. 
“Don’t worry, Charlie,” she texted back. “There’s no need for a family as reputable as yours to be on friendly terms with Mr. Keller, not when he has such poor judgment.” 
Charlie was surprised by the boldness of her message. He gripped his phone tighter as he replied, “That’s quite a statement, Yvette.” 
“What harm could come from making it? You should know that I’m faring well in Kingbourne now, Charlie. Lucas might be at the top of his game now, but that won’t always be the case,” came Yvette’s 
response. 
She laughed as she followed up with another text. “Besides, it’s only a matter of time before the Scotts and the Shepherds are allied through marriage. You needn’t worry about Lucas anymore after that.” 
Charlie considered her point and felt better about himself. “You make
a lot of sense, Yvette.” 
He meant it. He found her stone-cold analysis to be quite impressive, and for a moment, he felt like he had won the lottery with her. “I 
should talk to my mom about us getting married.” 
“No rush.” Yvette lowered her gaze as she typed, “Your mom still 
hasn’t gotten around to liking me yet, but that’s understandable after my family’s downfall. 
“With the loss of our company and my mother serving time in jail, I 
can see wh 
your mom’s hesitant about me.” 
Charlie sounded stubborn in his reply. “What happened to your mom had nothing to do with you! Besides, your father’s wellness company is doing well in Kingbourne. With a medical prodigy like you, it won’t take long for your family to make a strong comeback.” 
“How did I get so lucky with you, Charlie?” Yvette mused. 
At this point, Charlie was besotted with Yvette, and her praise only 
served to stroke his ego. 
He wasn’t bothered with Wynter’s accomplishments now. As far as 
he was concerned, she would never make it to the ranks of high. 
society.
Although Charlie was unaffected by what had happened 
the 
hall, his family, who were still in the audience, were humili 
press would have a field day. 
The Shepherds were always the focus of award ceremonies like 
one, and they were used to having people fawn all over them. 
They never expected Charlie to be so publicly thrown out of the event 
hall, or for Roland to force them into a remote corner of the audience. 
“Whose tail did Charlie step on?” one of them asked Nelson. 
With the weight of keeping up the family’s reputation on his 
shoulders, Nelson ground out, “I don’t know, but it seems that wench is behind this humiliation.” 
The Shepherds had intended to use this rescue operation to showcase their altruism and prove themselves as saints. They never thought Wynter would be involved and steal their spotlight. 
“We’ll talk about this later,” Nelson hissed as he texted Roland. 
However, Roland did not so much as read his texts, let alone reply to 
them. 
Nelson understood Lucas’ implication earlier. This time, the
Shepherds were going to have the Secretary-General breathing down their necks, especially after he discovered that they had been getting 
up to no good. 
Loud applause filled the event hall, especially when the leader of the Special Affairs Unit and his men appeared on stage. 
The operation this time was led by the Special Unit, but no one expected the Top Unit to beat them to rescue the victims. By the ti they got to Havenlight County, they were surprised to find that the perpetrators had already been arrested. 
As an award recipient, Wynter seemed out of place with her mask on as she walked up on stage. 
However, Lucas had explicitly given her permission to do so, and she was confident there would be no ion from anybody. 
The person who was giving the speech of gratitude was none other than Yarra, who was overwhelmed at the sight of Wynter. 
Having wrapped up her speech, she paid no mind to the cameras
###chapter303
Chap 103 Yvette the Oracle 
directed at her as she threw her arms around Wynter. 
“My parents and I have been wanting to thank you and your boyfriend for what you did for us,” Yarra said. “We’ve managed to get our food truck license, and we’ll be operating at the Southdale train station as a relay point. We’re hoping to help more people find their abducted 
children. 
“Also, I’ve enrolled in night school, so I’ll get to stay with my parents for a while. You were right when you said that feminism would lead 
the world out of darkness.” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Play
###chapter304
Chapter 304 lan’s Warning 
There was a microphone pinned to Yarra’s collar, so whatever she said to Wynter was broadcast to the entire hall. 
Everyone in the audience who heard this couldn’t help but tear up at Yarra’s words, especially the victims parents. 
Wynter was not accustomed to such an open show of kindness and gratitude, so she patted Yarra’s shoulder and encouraged softly, “I wish you all the best. You can always reach out to me if you need any 
help in the future.” 
Only those who had yet to be reunited with their abducted children, understood the significance of this successful operation. 
Despite their young age and their masked faces, Wynter and Yarra were a symbol of hope as they stood in the center of the hall. They made the people believe that their lost children would one day return. 
home. 
It went without saying that the human traffickers received brutal punishments. No one dared to come to their defense now that the discourse surrounding their crimes was spreading like wildfire. 
The public was satisfied to learn that the traffickers had gotten what they deserved. 
The ceremony wrapped up with the presentation of awards. This time,
the three people who went up on stage were counselors. Among 
them was lan. 
Wynter didn’t think much of this at first, given that the segment would 
be recorded. 
However, as the spotlight fell on her, the man presenting her the 
award whispered to her, “You’ve got guts, young lady, but you’ll be smart to stay in your lane from now on. You’re better off not poking your nose in dangerous business.” 
The man who whispered this warning in her ear straightened up after that. He was bespectacled and wearing a suit, looking every bit the 
affable counselor. 
He flashed her a polite smile as he said, “Careful now, this trophy’s a 
little heavy.” 
He was friendly enough on camera, but Wynter still raised her brow at him. She would be a fool to not recognize the threat in his 
sugarcoated statement. 
It seemed the Havenlight County incident had not exposed every connected person. This man was probably one of those who had gotten away in time. 
Wynter took the trophy and smiled slowly like she had found her new
prey. “How shall I address you?” 
lan hadn’t anticipated this. He was surprised that she even dared to ask at all, especially when most leaders in Southdale tread around him carefully. It seemed that the claims that the young lady Margaret 
raised had nerves of steel had some merit after all. 
Roland was the first to admonish Wynter, hoping that her question could be passed off as a show of youthful ignorance. “Don’t you know it’s rude to ask questions like that, young lady?” 
Lucas had made a point of showing his favor for Wynter. It was also no secret that the Kellers and the Scotts did not get along well. 
Roland had yet to decide whose side he was on. Until then, his priority was to keep the two families from butting heads. 
Wynter drawled nonchalantly, “I should at least know the name of the person presenting me the award.” 
“You can call me Mr. Scott,” lan said, emphasizing his last name. “Mr. Lewis, go easy on our hero. She’s allowed to ask me that question, if only so she could put a name to a face.” 
lan’s smile did not reach his eyes. 
Wynter would not sit by and do nothing now that he had threatened her. She clutched her trophy and pointed out coolly, “I wonder if you know, Mr. Scott, that any advice would be lost on young people like us 
because we like to march to the beat of our own drums.”
lan clenched his fists upon hearing her words. If it weren’t for the cameras, he would have taught Wynter a lesson for condescending 
him this way. 
Given that this was a public event, he restrained himself for the sake 
of his image and guffawed good-naturedly instead. “Well said, young 
lady! I hope you can keep up that unbreakable spirit of yours.” 
“Young people these days are something else, huh?” Roland tried to 
smooth things over. “I’m sure she will learn invaluable life lessons 
along the way.” 
Wynter didn’t bother with these two men as she left the stage. lan, on the other hand, had gotten down from the stage as well. He was 
fuming at the disrespect Wynter had shown him, and he vowed to 
teach her a lesson.
###chapter305
Chapter 305 Sycophantic Behavior 
Wynter stared at lan’s back as he walked away, a smile curling on her 
l*ps. 
She had been wondering about the mastermind behind Havenlight County’s human trafficking syndicate. After all, someone had to be pulling strings with the authorities if things like DNA tests and birth certificates for the abducted children could be forged. 
The forgery had been so well done that even the government database reflected those records. It made it hard for parents to track down their missing children. The more they investigated, the more they felt like they were running a fool’s errand. 
The Scott family from Kingbourne fit the profile perfectly. Wynter narrowed her eyes as she contemplated the possibility. 
lan thought of his encounter with Wynter as an unhappy exchange 
with an ignorant peasant. 
The Scotts had been on the top of the social food chain for a long 
time. They could easily manipulate the lives of those far beneath 
them with a snap of their fingers. With such power, the Scotts never thought of Wynter as a threat. 
lan had no idea that Lucas had managed to uncover the dirty secrets 
of Paradise Village because of a seemingly ordinary young lady like
Wynter. 
All the Scotts knew about Lucas’ relationship with Wynter was that they had met by coincidence. But little did the Scotts know, that was 
exactly what Wynter wanted them and the public to think. 
The only reason why the Quinnells had such a hard time tracking Wynter down was because her identity was kept top secret. Even Lucas had no clearance to access information on Wynter, let alone 
the Scotts. 
When the award ceremony ended, Lucas walked up to Wynter unabashedly and said, “Come on, Wynter. Thanks to you, I’ll get to 
dine with our mentor.” 
If lan hadn’t left early for Kingbourne, he wouldn’t have missed such. 
vital information! 
Most of the leading figures of Southdale were still loitering around the hall, including the Shepherds, who were angling to get into Lucas’ good graces. 
Nelson blanched when he heard what Lucas said to Wynter. Everyone 
else in the room went silent. 
Roland’s eyes nearly bugged out of his head. “Mentor? Are you sayin 
that this young lady is Mr. Munn’s…”
“Mentee,” Lucas finished Roland’s sentence with a smile. “And so am 
I, though Mr. Munn certainly makes me look like an accessory next to Wynter.” 
At this point, everyone learned two things about Lucas. One, he hailed from the formidable Keller family, and two, Jackson Munn was his 
mentor. 
As if those weren’t groundbreaking enough, he went on to reveal that Wynter, the imposter that the Yates had gotten rid of, had also 
received instruction from Jackson. 
Jackson was a force to be reckoned with and was practically a legendary figure. Despite all the years they had been in Southdale, even the Shepherds weren’t good enough to meet him in person. 
Nelson was horrified, and regret instantly filled him. His family were exchanging looks behind him, their thoughts mirroring his. 
Known for being thick-skinned, Nelson immediately hurried to catch up to Lucas and Wynter. “Oh, Wynter! Over here!” Hearing this, Lucas and the others stopped in their tracks. 
There was none of Nelson’s usual arrogance and criticism as he beamed at Wynter. He looked sycophantic, which was the opposite of how he had looked that night when he cast Wynter away from his 
manor. 
“I have yet to congratulate you on your accomplishments, Wynter! Margaret must be proud to have a granddaughter like you,” he gushed, hoping to bury the hatchet with Wynter. “I hope your grandmother
is doing well. It’s been some time since I saw her.” 
Wynter’s icy gaze fixed on Nelson’s grinning face. 
Just as everyone around them pondered on their dynamics, they heard her say dryly, “My grandmother’s been doing great now that our courtyard is clear of any riff-raff who demand to call off 
engagements. 
“She’s been getting stronger too, which I bet is going to piss off a certain powerful medical family who look down their noses on traditional medicine. To think these are the same people who called her obsolete and made it sound like they were better than us.” 
y
###chapter306
Chapter 306 Thick-skinned 
Nelson’s expression darkened gradually with Wynter’s every word. 
She might as well have mentioned the Shepherds by name if she was going to be that obvious with her retort. 
Anyone who heard her immediately understood what Wynter was 
implying. The contemptuous looks they cast Nelson cut him open like 
daggers. 
Nelson didn’t expect Wynter to be so sharp-tongued. She had put down the Shepherds in public without even breaking a sweat. 
At first, he thought she would be easily manipulated given her history with Charlie. According to Charlie, Wynter was still pining over him, 
and her indifference back at the manor had been a mere act. 
With all this in mind, Nelson had approached Wynter to let everyone 
see that the Shepherds and Jackson’s favorite mentee were on friendly terms. He never expected to be humiliated by her. 
To add salt to injury, Wynter pointed out dryly, “May I remind you, Mr. Shepherd, that it was Charlie who wanted to kick me out of this ceremony? You tried to pass that off as a misunderstanding, but it does make me wonder about Shepherds’ arrogance. 
“Did you assume I was playing hard-to-get when I said I had not
interest in Charlie whatsoever? Did you also assume that I turned up 
today just so I could beg Charlie to take me back? 
“Well, pardon me, but I can’t even stand looking at Charlie’s face. And 
I have nothing else to say about his bad grades, terrible personality, 
and untrustworthiness.” 
She stopped in mock apology. “Ah, perhaps I’ve gone too far. After all, what would a commoner like me know about the prestigious 
Shepherd family who are way out of my league? 
“Everyone, please don’t think differently of the Shepherds because of what I said. I was merely stating my opinions. I had to be crude, you see, or the Shepherds wouldn’t be able to understand the full extent of 
my annoyance.” 
At once, the crowd that had gathered to listen began to whisper 
among themselves. 
This confrontation was different from the last. It was public, for starters, and Wynter’s newfound status as a hero gave her an edge. 
The more the bystanders whispered, the more Nelson felt like he was being publicly ostracized. 
Wynter even smiled as she added, “I wonder where you got the nerve to come up to me in the first place. Mr. Shepherd.”
Nelson wished a hole would open up and swallow him whole. He was 
furious with her blatant insult. As for the rest of the Shepherds, they 
doubted they could ever show their faces on the streets again after 
this humiliation. 
No one would again think of them as a reputable medical family, but rather as a family who had been publicly put in their place by a young 
lady. 
Then again, Charlie and Nelson reaped what they sowed. Anyone in their right mind would see that the Shepherds were delusional to think 
themselves better than Wynter. Such st*pid arrogance was rare 
indeed. 
At the sight of the bystanders’ mocking grins, Nelson blanched and anxiously sought out Roland to speak with him. However, Roland avoided him like the plague. 
Standing some ways apart from the crowd, Quinton asked his brother 
in puzzlement, “I thought Wynter was head over heels for Charlie. Why is she doing this now?” 
“Do you have a brain in that head of yours or is it just a bunch of loose screws? Stop bothering me with st*pid questions,” Abel 
snapped.
“Charlie is just a pompous brat who doesn’t deserve Wynter. You must be an idiot if you think otherwise.” 
Quinton muttered, “I was only quoting what Yvette said. She also told me she felt bad for dating Charlie because of Wynter.” 
“Don’t you ever get sick of hearing that pretentious wannabe ta Abel asked sharply, his expression grave. “Haven’t I told you befo You know where our family stands when it comes to the Shepherd 
“They aren’t our friends, and if you think otherwise, then maybe Grandpa’s sheltered you too much. Snap out of your idiocy before it 
costs us.” 
Abel hardly ever got angry, but Quinton could tell that he was furious 
this time. 
Quinton shuddered at Abel’s cold fury. Yvette was still texting him for updates, but he thought he would be wise to ignore her from now on 
and quickly turned his phone off 
Meanwhile the Vandervond and family that had long been 
oppressed by the Shaphande en go from the sowed heard that a 
pertain antenne na Varger granddaughter into 
calling riff the antingen
Wow that same person is walang dok 
skinner it makes me sick? 
wie kamelot Her thick 
and quickly turned his phone off. 
Meanwhile, the Vanderwoods, another family that had long been 
oppressed by the Shepherds, piped up from the crowd, “I heard that a certain someone coerced Margaret and her granddaughter into 
calling off the engagement. 
“Now, that same person is walking back on his decision. He’s so thick- skinned, it makes me sick!” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Pla
###chapter307
Chapter 307 The Shepherds’ Disgrace 
The Shepherds grimaced at the Vanderwoods’ taunting, but they dared not retort. In the end, they fled the hall in shame. 
Much like the rumors suggested, the Shepherds had resorted to underhanded ways to call off Charlie’s engagement to Wynter. 
They had chosen Yvette as the ideal wife for Charlie, believing that only an heiress who was both learned and cultured could be good enough to marry into the Shepherd family. As such, the betrothal was made very early on with the Shepherd’s future glory in mind. 
However, the Shepherds never expected Charlie to be betrothed to an imposter, or for that imposter to have come from such a powerful 
background. 
To make matters worse, the Shepherds hadn’t discovered the latter part until after the engagement had been called off. 
Safe to say, none of them were happy about this. They were fumin by the time they came out of the hall. 
Their foul moods worsened when Charlie began to pelt his uncles with inane questions. “Uncle Jonah, Uncle Vance, why do you both 
look so grim?” 
“What do you think? This is all your fault!” Jonah Shepherd growled as he patted his chest. “You embarrassed our entire family today! How am I supposed to show my face in public after this?
“Nelson, keep an eye on your son if you want to stay the head of the family. I can always have you replaced!” 
Charlie had been coddled his entire life. His family praised him, and he was popular in school and at work. 
Being the most talented child in the family, he had never once been admonished by his uncle, much less so harshly. Even his second uncle, Denzel Shepherd, didn’t bother to spare him a second glance. 
Upset, Charlie turned to his father helplessly. “Dad, what happened?” 
“Shut it,” Nelson snarled in a low voice. He wanted nothing more than 
to get out of there. 
Charlie trudged after his father to the car, feeling the passers-by’s contemptuous gaze on him. 
When he got into the car, Nelson slapped him on the face and roared, I told you to be smart in choosing women, and this is what you did?” 
“Dad!” Charlie gaped at his father in shock. “What’s wrong with the woman I chose? Yvette’s doing well in Kingbourne, and that’s a territory that we can only dream of setting foot in!” 
“There’s nothing wrong with Kingbourne. But at the end of the day, roots are in Southdale,” Nelson snapped, clenching his fists. “Thing would be easier if we had power in Kingbourne, but you’ve made a mess of our lives here in Southdale just because you couldn’t handle 
a woman!” 
Charlie cupped his throbbing ch*ek as rage filled his eyes. “Dad, did that bumpkin stir up trouble again?”
“Don’t you ever call Wynter a bumpkin again, at least not out loud. She’s Jackson Munn’s disciple!” Nelson closed his eyes as if to collect his thoughts. “Not that it matters anymore at this point. I’ll ask 
you this, Charlie-are you sure that brat still has feelings for you?” 
Charlie smirked. “She can’t leave me alone. I mean, you saw the Tetters she wrote to me.” 
“She certainly didn’t behave that way today,” Nelson countered darkly. He considered his options and added, “Why don’t you go test the waters and see if she still likes you? If she does, then you have to make her believe you have feelings for her too.” 
Charlie’s jaw dropped. “Are you suggesting that I cheat on Yvette, 
Dad?” 
“No, you’re just making another friend behind her back,” Nelson said 
deviously. 
Wynter’s connection to Jackson was far too valuable for him to pass up. “Besides, you’re still the golden boy of Southdale. Surely you can charm your way back into Wynter’s life.” 
Charlie was a little reluctant at first. But after hearing his father’s spin on the situation, he supposed he could see the logic. 
After all, with Yvette thriving in Kingbourne, Charlie could pursue Wynter in Southdale without the former ever finding out. 
He would be lying if he said Wynter’s pretty face wasn’t a persuasive factor in its own right. It had been half a year since he last saw her, and her sparkling eyes were still as beautiful and captivating as ever.
Licking his l*ps, Charlie began to consider the plan in earnest. It was a shame he hadn’t been able to take things to the next level with Wynter while they were still engaged. 
Meanwhile, over in a private dining room of a restaurant in Southdale, 
the table boasted a spread of the town’s local delicacies. 
Jackson was a simple man who couldn’t be bothered with the high life. He couldn’t care less about where he was having his meals as long as the establishment was clean and respectable. 
However, simple as he was, he still had the grace and mannerisms of 
an apex predator. Even as he sat at the table, he looked so intimidating that none of his bodyguards dared to step any closer. 
The air in the dining room only warmed slightly when Wynter showed 
1. 
Jackson beamed at her and appraised her for a moment, before frowning. “You’ve lost weight.”
###chapter308
Chapter 308 Favorite Disciple 
Jackson then glanced at Lucas and said offhandedly, “Lucas, have the waiter add a helping of pork ribs to our order, will you?’ Jackson was probably the only person who could order Lucas around this way. 
The rumors about Jackson being an intimidating and formidable force were true. Everyone was scared of him. Even Lucas dared not step out of line in the old man’s presence. 
Being the youngest at the table, Wynter chided Jackson good- naturedly, “You shouldn’t be having pork ribs when you have hypertension. Let’s order something else.” 
“Lucas, go order something else then,” Jackson ordered. He had Wynter sit next to him, and his eyes were full of concern as he stared at her. “Your recent trip to Paradise Village caused quite a stir.” 
Wynter poured him a cup of tea. “I didn’t mean to. I only went in search of the truth of my identity, so I guess we can chalk this up 
coincidence.” 
“Coincidence? Lucas told me you left him a note before you left f Paradise Village,” Jackson said. 
He then pointed at Lucas. “You’re lucky that Wynter is so full of wit and surprises. You wouldn’t have been able to get to the bottom of Southdale’s corruption without her help!” 
Turning back to Wynter, he added, “You handed him the kind of political accomplishment he needed, and uncovered the ugly truth of Havenlight County just as he expressed interest in doing the same. 
“Lucas, you ought to thank Wynter for helping you out the way she did. No one else could offer you the same amount of dedication as
she did.” 
At once, Lucas rose to his feet and raised his wine glass to Wynter, who responded by raising her cup of tea. 
“Wynter, I thank you on behalf of the good citizens of Southdale. I appreciate what you have done for me, and feel free to come to me for help in the future.” With that, he knocked back his wine. 
Having dedicated most of his life to Florand’s betterment, Jackson never had children of his own. It was after he had spent his good years toiling for the sake of the country that he met an upstarting young man such as Lucas. 
He could tell Lucas had a good heart and a love for his country. 
Jackson was patriotic as well, and all he wanted was for his fellow citizens to thrive. However, his poor health forced him to recupera 
in Southdale. 
However, the public seemed to think of his retirement in Southdale as a form of exile, which was funny because Jackson could never stop worrying over the greater good of his country. 
Now that he was feeling better, he needed to return to Kingbourne to 
straighten out some things. He wouldn’t rest until he had gotten rid of the division between the rich and the poor. 
The transfer back to Kingbourne came about suddenly, but Jackson 
had expected it. The only concerns he had now were for Wynter. “You don’t have to shoulder everything alone, Wynter.
“If you’re worried about my reputation, you can always ask Domie for help in dealing with the Shepherds and the Yates. Stop keeping 
everything to yourself or you’ll burst. 
“It’s no big deal,” Wynter said casually. She knew Jackson had bigger things to worry about than her problems, such as the well-being of 
the nation. 
“Besides, Mr. Fisher is a busy man as well. He’s waist-deep in work 
tending to the needs of the community.” 
Jackson’s heart went out to her. “You remind me of my younger self.” 
“Mr. Munn Senior, I don’t think that’s the compliment you’d hoped it would be, seeing as Wynter’s a young lady,” Lucas pointed out jokingly as the atmosphere relaxed. 
A moment later, he said, “The Shepherds are incredibly thick-skinned. 
I’ve never met anyone like them in Kingbourne.” 
Wynter picked at the roast lamb Jackson had put on her plate. If she didn’t start eating, the food on her plate would spill onto the table. 
“They’re irrelevant,” she remarked as she set her utensils down. “But I 
believe there is a family you ought to pay close attention to the 
Scotts from Kingbourne.”
Lucas’ expression was solemn. “What about them?” 
“Well, one of the counselors who showed up at the award ceremony 
happened to be from the Scott family. He presented the award to me 
along with a thinly veiled threat,” Wynter elaborated, her gaze as clear as her thoughts. 
She continued coolly, “As things are, I have no proof that they played a part in the Havenlight County incident, but I figured they’re worth looking into now that one of them has exposed himself. That said, I think you should tread carefully when investigating them.” 
Lucas raised a brow. “What makes you say that?” 
“I mean, we should all watch our backs around dangerous people like them,” Wynter pointed out. “But my concern is that they might hurt 
you.” 
Jackson took in all this and interjected, “Lucas can take care of himself, Wynter. You’re the one who should be more careful.” 
“Me?” Wynter blinked. A wicked gleam shone in her eyes as she said, I’ll be going to Kingbourne soon. Once I’m there, I’d like to see them 
try to get me.”
###chapter309
Chapter 309 The Greater Good 
Jackson’s delight was evident. “You’re going to Kingbourne too?” 
“Yes. I’m sorry I waited so long to tell you, but I’ve found my biological family, and they live in Kingbourne,” Wynter explained as she poured 
Jackson another cup of tea. 
She added, “I’ll introduce them to you after I’ve settled down in Kingbourne. We’re also planning to set up a branch for the Empathy 
Clinic there.” 
“Sounds like a solid plan to me,” Jackson said with a grin. “You’ll be able to reach more patients if you set up a branch in Kingbourne.” 
Wynter clarified modestly, “It’s Grandma’s wish.” 
Lucas grew even more impressed with Wynter. “Does that mean we’ll be meeting in Kingbourne?” 
Wynter understood the implication within his words. “You mean you’re heading back to Kingbourne too, Lucas?” 
“That’s the plan, but it won’t happen anytime soon,” Lucas answered chuckling. He had no qualms divulging such information to Wynter. 
“Originally, Mr. Munn Sneior and my family had plans for me to leave Southdale in three years. They want me to go further south and see 
what I can do to fix the economy in Halsbury.
“Now that you’ve helped me crack the case of Havenlight County, I 
can go back to Kingbourne in another six months, which is way 
sooner than expected.” 
This alone was proof of how much help Wynter had been to Lucas. The incident at Havenlight County revealed the dark underbelly of Southdale and suggested that many influential parties were carrying out dirty work in secret. 
Since Lucas’ inauguration, he had successfully restructured 
Southdale’s economy and its people’s welfare, not to mention uncovered the inhumane crimes in Paradise Village. 
Those who had tried to pull his leg or manipulate the current social dynamics against him had failed to do so. 
To this end, Jackson was relieved, and he could think of no greater form of repayment on Lucas’ part than his return to Kingbourne. 
“The Keller family will likely extend their gratitude to you once you 
arrive in Kingbourne,” Jackson remarked confidently. 
Wynter took this information lightly as she chewed on her food. “As Lucas’ junior, it won’t do me any good if he fares poorly in his position. This way, at least I’ll prosper alongside him.” 
Jackson guffawed. “You certainly know how to make a joke, Wynter!” 
Lucas grinned wholeheartedly. “Here’s to you and your prosperous future, Wynter.”
The trio continued to dine happily after that. 
Lucas was starting to see why Jackson had taken such a strong 
liking to Wynter. She was young, but her wit and insight were 
unmatched. 
It made Lucas want to be better. When he received a message from 
the Scotts, he did not ignore it as usual. Instead, he made small talk with them while concealing his intentions of investigating them. 
After the meal, Jackson left in a Peugeot, an understated vehicle for a man who did not like flashy things. The entourage that followed him consisted of only a bodyguard and his driver. 
Jackson glanced out the window at the place he had stayed at for two years. He remembered what a mess this town had been when he first arrived, which was why he had Lucas transferred here. 
Now, he no longer had to worry about the citizens’ welfare. At least they no longer had to pay an arm and a leg for basic healthcare. 
Still, the greatest accomplishment he had witnessed during his stay here was the downfall of Paradise Village. 
Jackson had come across the heartbreaking news Dalton mentioned the other day, about how the most beautiful teacher in a small village had actually been a kidnapping victim who was sold into the village during her university years. 
Jackson believed that the public had some awareness about
tragedies like these. Once the story of Paradise Village began to spread far and wide, the public would learn to reconsider their 
backward values. 
“Mr. Munn Senior has always loved a good game of chess,” Wynter 
mused to Lucas as she watched Jackson’s black Peugeot fade into 
the distance. 
Her eyes twinkled as she added, “I think he’s been waiting for this day ever since he had Mr. Fisher bring you to the Empathy Clinic.” 
As her words sunk in, Lucas froze and turned to look at her in surprise. He quickly broke into a smile as he asked, “Are you not angry that Mr. Munn Senior used you as a pawn?” 
“I chose to go to Paradise Village,” Wynter said with a smirk. “I can’t see the whole chess board like Mr Munn Senior can, but I’m more than willing to become his pawn if it’s for the greater good of this 
nation.” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
###chapter310
Chapter 310 Despicable Duo 
Lucas finally understood why Wynter had won over the hearts of those in Harmony Community. 
She was young and insightful, not to mention driven and cool-headed. He looked forward to hearing about her legendary feats in Kingbourne. 
However, some things prevented them from getting a clear picture, 
and it would take time to uncover them all. 
Meanwhile, over at the Quinnells’ residence in Kingbourne, Naomi once again found herself barred from entering the house. 
She was holding a thermos flask containing hot soup, and she looked visibly upset as she demanded, “Alexis, I’ve brought tonic for Grandpa, and it’s supposed to be good for him. The doctors watched me make it, and they would have stopped me if they thought it would be bad for 
Grandpa.” 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Naomi,” Alexis said indifferently. “But Mr. Quinnell Senior’s condition is unpredictable and can quickly go from good to 
bad. We have been advised by the specialist to monitor his diet 
closely and do away with any risky tonics.” 
Naomi tightened her grip on the thermos flask. Tears welled up in her eyes as she ed, “Alexis, listen to yourself! What do you even mean by ‘risky tonics”?” 
“There, there, Ms. Naomi,” Fiona comforted soothingly.
She glared at Alexis and added angrily, “What does a secretary know about tonics anyway? I see no reason why Mr. Quinnell Senior’s 
granddaughter has to be subject to such scrutiny when she’s delivering food to him! 
“Ms. Naomi scalded herself while preparing that tonic, and you’re just 
going to let her efforts go to waste?” 
Naomi chewed on her l*p, looking wounded. 
Fiona bristled and snapped at Alexis, “I’ve been working for the Quinnells for 20 years, and never have I heard anything so ridiculous! 
Move!” 
However, Alexis did not budge from the door. 
Grimacing, Fiona threatened, “Do you want Mr. Quinnell to hear of this and demote you when he gets back?” 
“I’m Mr. Quinnell Senior’s personal secretary, so my position is not under Mr. Quinnell’s purview,” Alexis answered pleasantly with a smile 
as he adjusted his glasses. 
The more unfazed he was, the angrier Fiona got. If Naomi wasn’t allowed entry into the house, it would mean the Quinnells didn’t recognize her as one of their own. In other words, Fabian’s refusal to see her was a form of humiliation. 
Unable to comprehend the old man’s thoughts, Fiona grabbed Naomi
by the elbow and attempted to storm past Alexis. 
However, Naomi still had her wits about her. She knew that if she 
were to barge into the house, she had as good as acknowledged that 
the Quinnells wanted nothing to do with her. 
If she simply turned around and walked away without causing a 
scene, then she could at least play this off as a failed visit on account 
of Fabian’s poor health. 
As such, she bit her l*p and clutched Fiona’s hand, saying, “Aunt Fiona, we should leave. Grandpa must be worn out. We can come back 
another day.” 
“Another day? Ms. Naomi, you didn’t travel all this way to-” Fiona 
protested 
Naomi cut her off brusquely, “Aunt Fiona, we’re leaving now!” 
Fiona saw the vicious gleam in Naomi’s eyes and shuddered. She quickly escorted Naomi off the front doorstep. She glowered at Alexis 
before leaving. 
“You can be sure that I’ll call Mr. Quinnell and tell him about this!” 
“Be my guest,” Alexis drawled sarcastically.
He was starting to understand why Wynter couldn’t stand Fiona and Naomi. They were the reason why Wynter had a bad impression of 
the Quinnells. They were rude and high-handed despite their positions 
in the household. 
Alexis only prayed that Wynter would come to Kingbourne sooner 
Even a true heiress such as herself did not treat him condescendingly. 
This only made Naomi appear more crass by comparison. She was 
merely the Quinnells’ charity case. But she behaved as if she were the 
master of the household. No one with any amount of self-respect 
could tolerate her. 
Alexis might only have been a secretary, but that didn’t mean Naomi 
could talk down to him. 
It was nightfall when Naomi and Fiona returned to the manor. 
Naomi asked Fiona worriedly, “Something’s off about Grandpa. Do you think he’s trying to dissuade my parents from legally adopting 
me?” 
“There’s nothing to worry about, Ms. Naomi. Your parents adore you, and Mr. Quinnell Senior has certainly never given you a hard time at home. I bet that wench from the village is just playing games!”
Fiona seethed, the hatred she had for Wynter shining in her eyes. 
Naomi’s gaze darkened at this. “She’s definitely a problem that we need to get rid of. I need to talk to Grandpa before things get worse 
between us.” 
She had only just said this when she heard laughter coming from 
outside the door.
###chapter311
Chapter 311 Shane and Marie Return to Kingbourne 
“Have things gotten so bad that my daughter has to extend an olive 
branch?” 
The person who spoke from the doorway was Shane. He was dressed in an impeccable suit, and behind him was a team of doctors and secretaries, all of whom were lugging their bags. They must have 
gotten off a flight not too long ago. 
Naomi grinned and exclaimed in delight, “Dad, you’re home! Where’s 
Mom?” 
“You know your mom doesn’t cope well with long flights. She’s too tired to make the trip back to the manor, and she can only fall asleep 
when she’s in a hotel,” Shane explained. 
He set his bag down on the couch. “Is your grandfather giving you a 
hard time?” 
“No,” Naomi lied, shaking her head. 
Fiona couldn’t stand the sight of Naomi looking so dejected. “Mr. Quinnell, you won’t believe how unreasonable Alexis was! Ms. Naomi worked hard to make a healing tonic for Mr. Quinnell Senior, but 
Alexis refused to let her into the house and said her tonic was ‘risky”!”
Naomi feigned alarm. “Aunt Fiona!” 
Fiona grumbled, “Ms. Naomi, I have to say something or you’ll just bottle up your feelings like you always do, and I won’t stand for it.” 
Shane was equally surprised that Fabian would go to such lengths- 
Chapter 311 Shane and Manu Return to Kingbourne 
2 
including having Alexis keep an eye out on Naomi-just to defend a doctor. 
“Ms. Young, I’m sure Alexis has his reasons for stopping Naomi from giving the tonic to my father,” Shane pointed out, glancing at Fiona. But there are better ways for you to stand up for Naomi than to throw a fit like this.” 
Naomi gave Fiona’s hand an appreciative squeeze. Fiona quickly said, “Oh, there I go, running my m*uth again. I’ll bring you some tea, Mr. Quinnell.” 
Shane fixed his gaze on Naomi and asked, “Is that what you think as well, Naomi? Did you feel that Alexis was giving you a hard time?” 
“No,” she answered seriously. “I’m sure Alexis only has Grandpa’s best interests in mind, especially since Grandpa’s health is so delicate. But the family doctor did tell me that Grandpa needed plenty of nourishment.” 
Sighing, Shane said ruefully, “Your grandfather is a proud and 
stubborn man. That being said, you won’t have to prepare tonics or medicinal food for him after this. We have a private chef for a reason.”
“Okay.” Naomi clenched her fists tighter at his words, her manicured 
nails digging into her palms. 
Shane did not notice this and continued with a smile, “We brought our trip forward this time so we could officially adopt you on the night of 
your birthday banquet.” 
“Really?” Naomi’s eyes lit up with childlike excitement. “But will 
Grandpa agree to it?” 
Chap 311 Shane and Mare Return to Kingbourne 
Shane glanced at his watch. “I’ll go talk to him. You can come with 
me, but you must be on your best behavior. I’m sure he’ll soften up after you apologize to him.” 
“Okay!” Naomi said sweetly. 
Alexis wasn’t expecting Naomi to turn up at the Quinnell residence. again, and this time with Shane, who had apparently returned from 
abroad. 
Shane flashed Alexis a charming smile. “My father should still be awake. He usually plays chess at this hour.” 
Alexis didn’t reveal that Fabian was actually watching Wynter’s old
livestreams. He simply returned Shane’s smile as he quipped, “You 
know him well, Mr. Quinnell.” 
“I ought to go inside and see how he’s doing.” Shane raised a brow, 
hoping Alexis would get the message. 
Alexis stepped aside and replied matter-of-factly, “This is your family 
home, Mr. Quinnell. You can come and go as you like.” 
He had made his stance on Naomi clear with this simple statement. The only reason why he had stopped her from entering the house earlier was because he did not think of her as a member of the 
Quinnell family. 
The implication behind his words made Naomi bristle. She shot 
Alexis a dark look. 
However, Alexis didn’t so much as glance at her. He figured he had every right to snap back at her after he had been threatened with a 
demotion. 
Chapter 311 Shane and Manu Return to Kingbourne 
Shane, who understood what Alexis was implying, was also 
perturbed. “Alexis, you might want to watch your words from now on. Naomi will be an official member of our family soon.”
“Of course,” Alexis conceded with a pleasant smile. “I’ll make sure to give Ms. Naomi the respect she deserves if she ever becomes a member of the Quinnell family.” 
Shane narrowed his eyes at the secretary, but chose not to entertain any of his snide remarks. He had to pick his battles, and right now, it 
was to convince Fabian to agree to Naomi’s legal adoption.
###chapter312
Chapter 312 Family Feud 
It was nighttime, and Fabian was happily making yet more online. purchases. With Wynter’s arrival fast approaching, he wanted to welcome her with festivity, and that included redecorating her old 
bedroom. 
The old man was beaming over his shopping conquests when Shane showed up. He used to be furious with Shane and his incompetence, 
but now, he simply let the latter ramble on. 
Fabian sat there and listened to Shane talk until the cows came home. 
When Shane had nothing more to say, Fabian tightened his grip on his cane and looked up at his son before saying, “I won’t agree to this.” 
Shane’s brows furrowed. “I don’t understand why you won’t accept 
Naomi as a part of our family!” 
Naomi, who was standing next to Shane, interjected calmly, “Dad, please, no fighting with Grandpa. The matter of my adoption isn’t a important as Grandpa’s health. Let’s talk things out slowly, all right? 
Talking things out was the last thing Shane wanted. He had to 
suppress his rage as he demanded, “Give me a reason why you won’t agree to the adoption, Dad.” 
Fabian asked curtly, “Have all these years made you forget that you still have a daughter out there somewhere, Shane?”
Naomi faltered at this. She had never seen Fabian so distant and 
grave before. In the past, a fight would have already broken out between him and Shane. But now, the old man looked like he had 
Chapter 312 Family Feud 
already won. 
While Naomi pondered Fabian’s strange demeanor, Shane inhaled sharply and countered, “Dad, no one was more heartbroken than Marie and I when we lost our little princess. But there’s no point in 
grieving like this any longer. 
“The upstairs nursery has looked the same since we lost her. We have to move on.” Tears pricked his eyes as he said this. 
Fabian kept his cool gaze on Shane and spat, “We will move on after we find our little princess, dead or alive. In case you’re wondering, she’s healthy and thriving, and certainly no longer lost as you claim. She’s more brilliant than anyone I’ve ever met!” 
Hearing this, Shane gaped at Fabian in disbelief. “Dad, are you saying 
that… our little princess is…” 
“Found,” Fabian finished Shane’s sentence for him, his gaze darkening. “And she’ll be returning soon. Adopting someone els this juncture seems rather inappropriate, don’t you think?” 
Shane paled, and so did Naomi. She couldn’t believe what Fabian jus said. If the Quinnells’ long-lost daughter had been found, then what would become of Naomi? Naomi felt her legs go weak at the thought.
“You found our little princess?” Shane stepped forward as if to confront his father. “When? Why didn’t you tell me sooner?” 
“I’m telling you now, aren’t I?” Fabian drawled. He no longer felt any rage toward Shane, only disappointment. He said a little too calmly,” Go and get ready to bring her home. 
Shane couldn’t wrap his head around this unexpected development. 
Change:312 Fandy Feud 
She’s been found. She’s actually been found, and she’ll be coming home.” 
Slowly, delight gleamed in his eyes as he asked Fabian earnestly,” Dad, do you have a picture of her? Who does she take after, me or Marie?” 
The question and the excitement in Shane’s tone appeased Fabian, who answered impatiently, “I don’t have a picture of her. Just wait until she comes home and you can see for yourself.” 
Shane looked like he was raring to go. “Where is she now? I’ll go and pick her up!” 
“She’s on her way back to Kingbourne.” Fabian kept his answer vague. 
Meanwhile, Naomi was silent as she bit her l*p. Her lowered gaze filled with anger and spite. 
She didn’t understand why Fabian decided to spring such news o them instead of informing them in advance. It was as if he had nev considered Naomi’s feelings. 
But Shane was oblivious to Naomi’s resentment. He was basking in
joy as the news of his little princess’ return sank in. 
Naomi, on the other hand, began to fret over her position in the 
Quinnell family. Now that the long-lost heiress had been found, what 
would they do with an outsider like Naomi?
###chapter313
Chapter 313 Farewell 
Fiona had never seen Naomi so angry. When Naomi returned to the Quinnell villa that night, she flung her favorite vase of roses onto the 
floor and shattered it. Fiona wanted to stop her but held back out of 
fear. 
She wondered what had happened at the Quinnell residence to incur 
Naomi’s wrath. But who could she ask? 
Fiona also found it odd that Shane had not returned with Naomi even 
though he was the one who had brought her to the Quinnell residence 
to discuss her adoption with Fabian. 
Curiosity got the better of Fiona, and she took it upon herself to seek 
the answers to her questions. 
She had established a network of intelligence after serving in the Quinnell family for so long, and her sources included Shane’s drive 
who happened to be her cousin. She was the one who had gotten hin 
the job in the first place. 
Fiona demanded of him anxiously, “What happened at the main
residence?” 
Her cousin spoke in hushed, secretive tones on the other line. “Fiona, I just dropped Mr. Quinnell off at the hotel. From what I heard during his phone call, his long-lost daughter has apparently been found.” 
“What?” Fiona shrieked in disbelief. She pressed a hand to her chest as she felt palpitations. “What do you mean she’s been found? That’s impossible!” 
Chopper 313 Farewell 
“I’m serious, Fiona,” came her cousin’s nervous reply. “Mr. Quinnell 
Senior didn’t even tell Mr. Quinnell until the last minute. The long-lost 
Ms. Quinnell will be coming home in two days. 
“Promise me you’ll take this to the grave. And you didn’t hear about 
this from me. I’ll talk to you some other time, Fiona. You’d better 
make preparations.” 
Fiona knew what preparations her cousin was talking about. All these 
years, the Quinnell family had exhausted their resources and 
connections looking for their long-lost heiress. 
Now that she had been found, Naomi’s adoption would become an impossibility.
Fiona had taken care of Naomi for years, and she was so happy to learn that Naomi was going to become an official member of the Quinnell family. 
There was no worse time for the long-lost heiress to be found tha 
now. The whole thing was too coincidental for comfort. 
Fiona’s l*ps paled when she glanced at Naomi’s tightly-shut bedroom 
door. 
Inside the bedroom, Naomi was sitting at her vanity and staring at herself in the mirror. There was a malicious gleam in her dark eyes. 
Right now, she looked nothing like the cool-headed and proper young lady she had always portrayed herself as. 
She grabbed her l*pstick and began to scribble nonsense onto the mirror. The more she scribbled, the more menacing she looked. She couldn’t stand the idea of falling from her pedestal. 
Naomi could already imagine what the upper-crust society would say 
about her once word of this got out. She would be cast out 
immediately. 
She lowered her gaze, her resolve turning into molten steel. She wouldn’t sit by and do nothing, even if it meant resorting to cruelty. 
As she contemplated her next steps, she threw her l*pstick into the bin and heard the thud that followed,
The scribbling she had made on the mirror seemed to reflect her clamored mind, but there was something inexplicably sinister about it. 
The next morning, Waterview Alley was lively as a crowd had gathered outside Margaret’s house. Firecrackers had been lit as the neighbors bade farewell to Margaret. Everyone had come to wish her well. 
They’d known her since she was young and sprightly, just as they had 
seen her at her most disgraced. They had seen how her son and daughter-in-law were determined to bleed her dry. 
The neighbors had been furious with Ewan and Wanda, but eventually 
the despicable couple stopped coming altogether. 
Without access to welfare funds, Margaret was forced to make ends meet by setting up a massage parlor 
She was kind and often scrimped to get by, but she never stooped so 
low as to take advantage of others. At some point along the way, she adopted Wynter and had her help as an apothecary-in-training. 
Now that things were finally looking up for Margaret, Wynter, and Wolf, the entire Waterview Alley couldn’t help but rejoice on their behalf. The loveable trio was going to set up shop in Kingbourne, 
which was an amazing feat in its own right. 
Susan and Ruth were reluctant to let Margaret go. They flanked her and fussed over her.
“Margaret, promise us you’ll come back to visit us often. We can make raspberry tarts again once the fruit is in season.” 
“I will,” Margaret reassured as she patted both the ladies’ hands. 
Wynter was surrounded by a crowd as well, including the leaders of Harmony Community. 
Among them, Zach was the most reluctant to let Wynter leave, but he knew it was in her best interests in the long run. 
“Traditional medicine has been a misunderstood field for a long time. Make sure you set the record straight and prove those conservative fools wrong when you get to Kingbourne. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Play
###chapter314
Chapter 314 Pulling Strings 
Wynter wrapped her arms around Zach in a gentle embrace. “Don’t 
worry about me. Keep an eye on that waist and don’t go spraining it.” 
Zach, who normally wielded a fiery temper, now returned Wynter’s embrace like a child bidding goodbye to a playground friend. 
“You can always go to the Kellers if you run into trouble. I’m sure they 
won’t mind helping out Jackson’s favorite disciple, to say nothing of 
the favor you did for them,” he said. “Without you, Lucas wouldn’t 
have made any headway in Southdale. 
“Remember, you’ll always have a place here in Harmony Community. I 
don’t care who your parents are, but if they ever make you upset, just 
know we won’t stand for it.” 
“Mr. Zurich is right. We’ll march into Kingbourne if we have to,” an 
elderly gentleman piped up. He added a little hesitantly, “Nothing can 
scare us.” 
Zach glared at him. “Oh, quiet you. You were the reason Wynter was 
wrongfully brought into custody.”
“I… I…” the gentleman stammered. 
Wynter laughed. “It’s not Mr. Gustavo’s fault. Some people are just 
good at hiding their true colors.” 
“Not his fault? Bah! He just wanted to relive his glory days and have a 
say in everything. If this were the past, he’d have been tried for abuse 
of power!” Zach snapped. 
Chapter 314 Pulling Strings 
He glowered at Pierre Gustavo, the elderly gentleman from earlier, and demanded, “Do you admit that you were in the wrong?” 
Pierre said immediately, “Yes, sir!” 
He then turned to Wynter and explained, “Mr. Zurich is right. If you hadn’t uncovered the crimes in Paradise Village, that rascal would 
have continued wreaking havoc in Southdale and claim to be associated with me! I shouldn’t have said anything to him.” 
They were talking about the time Wynter had been ambushed during 
her livestream and wrongfully arrested. 
The rascal in question was none other than Jerome. If he had been 
allowed to continue in his corrupted ways, Pierre’s name would be dragged through the mud as well.
It would be unfortunate if someone as patriotic as Pierre had to lose his reputation because of this. 
Just thinking about what might have happened made Pierre’s chest tighten. There were a few elderly folks in the community who no longer wanted to play chess with him despite their years of friendship. 
Not that he could blame them. Jerome was his mentee, and the very 
same mentee allowed Wynter to be wrongfully arrested and interrogated to protect a bunch of criminals. 
Pierre was eager to make amends. “Wynter, if you don’t feel like 
asking the Kellers for help, you can always reach out to my 
connections there. I’ve given them a heads-up, and they’re prepared to help you at a moment’s notice.” 
“Thank you, Mr. Gustavo,” Wynter said gratefully, smiling. She knew 
Chapter 314 Pulling String- 
Pierre must have had quite a formidable history if he had connections 
and any sort of power in Kingbourne 
Pierre grinned at her affably. 
Zach turned to Wynter and reminded sternly, “Don’t fall behind on your 
studies, Wynter. My former students in Kingbourne will lend you a 
helping hand whenever you need it. Since you’re much younger than
them, I doubt they’d turn you down if you ask for help.” 
“All right, Mr. Zurich.” 
Wynter could tell just how much the elderly folk around her cared for her. They wanted to make sure she had someone to turn to for help. while in Kingbourne. Hence, they pulled strings here and there for her 
sake. 
There was warmth in Wynter’s eyes as she reached her arms around 
Zach once more. 
He couldn’t help the tears that pricked his eyes. “Go. Be brave and hold your head up high. You’ve got family here rooting for you.” 
Most of the folks in Harmony Community did not have children of their own, and they had long ago seen Wynter as their child. 
Dom had been bright enough to recognize Wynter’s potential from the 
moment he got to know her. 
The leaders of Harmony Community all had impressive track records, and if they favored Wynter so much, then Dom shuddered to think of the path to glory they had paved for her. 
If he were being honest, he was extremely envious. 
Chapter 314 Pulling Stongs
Wynter hadn’t even arrived in Kingbourne yet, and already the influential parties there had been alerted to take good care of her, courtesy of Harmony Community’s string-pulling.
###chapter315
Chapter 315 Princess and the Philistine 
Setting a bowl of oatmeal down on Naomi’s nightstand, Fional prompted gently, “Ms. Naomi, you have to eat something. My sources told me that the Quinnells’ long-lost daughter grew up in a mountain village.” 
There was contempt in Fiona’s voice as she continued, “She was one of the kidnapping victims rescued from Havenlight County. No proper young lady has ever come from an impoverished place like that. So don’t worry, Ms. Naomi, you’ve already won by upbringing alone.” 
Upon hearing this, Naomi finally poked her head out from underneath 
her covers. She muttered, “Aunt Fiona, once you leave this bedroom, make sure to never repeat what you just told me. You don’t want anyone hearing you insult the Quinnells’ biological daughter.” 
“I’m just stating facts, Ms. Naomi. You and that wench are from t different worlds. She’s a young lady in name only, but a philistine 
upbringing,” Fiona pointed out. ↑ 
Relieved that Naomi had finally spoken, she went on to say, “Just wai and see. Even if she were reunited with the Quinnells, it would take a 
lot more than a fancy last name for her to fit into high society. You know how vicious the elite crowd can be. They certainly won’t go easy 
on a bumpkin.” 
Naomi stirred the oatmeal as she took in Fiona’s words of comfort,
contemplating. “Aunt Fiona, your prejudice toward the young lady will 
put my parents in a hard place.” 
Fiona sighed. “You’re too kind for your own good, Ms. Naomi. You 
Chapter 315 Princess and the Philistine 
may wish to be friends with this bumpkin, but what about her? She’d probably want you to disappear.” Her voice grew louder at the thought of this. “Why, I bet she’s already told Mr. Quinnell to send you packing! 
“Aunt Fiona!” Naomi stopped Fiona’s ranting and warned softly,” That’s enough badm*uthing. Now, why don’t you help me prepare at welcoming gift for her? We can think of it as a present from a 
younger sister.” 
Fiona was obliging as ever to Naomi. When she saw the dark look in the latter’s eyes, she immediately said, “Right away.” 
Meanwhile, things were getting lively at the Quinnell residence. Shane, in particular, looked like he had looted an entire mall. 
He went up to Fabian and asked, “Dad, when’s our little princess. 
getting here? Look at all the stuff I bought her.” 
After that, he gestured for the men to bring the haul into the house. 
can’t wait for her to see all this.”
“Instead of going on mindless shopping sprees, I suggest you think about how you’re going to tell our little princess that you’ve adopted another daughter,” Fabian countered sarcastically. He never liked 
Shane’s indecisiveness. 
Shane paused before saying quietly, “I’m sure our little princess will 
understand.” 
“What are you saying?” Fabian nearly sputtered in disbelief. “That you’re not going to send Naomi packing even though your long-lost daughter is finally coming home?” 
Chapter 315 Princess and the Philistine 
“Why should Naomi have to go?” Shane argued, his emotions riding. high. “Dad, we took in Naomi as a child. I would think we have a moral obligation to at least let her stay with the family.” 
Fabian narrowed his eyes. “I had no qualms sponsoring her when your first suggested it years ago, and I’m more than willing to help pave her way to a bright future. But do you seriously expect your daughter to understand your decision to let Naomi stay with us? 
“This isn’t a swapped-at-birth story, Shane. Your daughter was kidnapped and suffered all these years. How would she feel if she came home and found out her parents adopted a daughter to take her 
place?” 
He was so mad that his hands trembled. He thought Shane would at least have some good sense when it came to matters like these. 
But to his chagrin, Shane still argued, “Dad, that’s not what I’m saying I just think that it’s going to hurt Naomi’s feelings if we send her
packing now. 
“She’s been recognized as our adopted daughter all her life. What wil she do if you cast her out of the family?” 
Fabian pointed out grimly, “So what you’re saying is, it’s not good enough for me to sponsor Naomi’s studies and help her build a better 
life for herself? 
“She can go anywhere in the world and choose to do whatever work she wants. But because I won’t let her stay in our family, I’ve as good as thrown her out on the streets? She was never part of our family in the first place!” 
Flying into a rage, Fabian kicked Shane’s leg and roared, “Take your 
things and get out of this house! My granddaughter will not have an incompetent moron like you for a father!” 
hopper The TowéL
###chapter316
Chapter 316 Toxins 
Shane bristled and made to argue further. Fabian, however, was in 
such a rage that his chest tightened. His breath came up short, and 
when Shane drew near him, he broke into a violent coughing fit. 
Shane hadn’t come to rouse Fabian’s temper. He was just about to 
rub Fabian’s back to soothe the coughing when the latter suddenly 
coughed up blood. 
A spray of crimson landed on Shane’s shirt. “Dad!” he cried in alarm. ” 
Dad, what’s wrong?” 
“Get out,” Fabian rasped. 
Just then, Alexis walked into the living room, saying, “Mr. Quinnell 
Senior, I have Ms. Quinnell on the phone. She’s on the highway now 
and will be arriving in Kingbourne this afternoon. Do you want to… Mr 
Quinnell Senior!” 
Alexis’ smile was replaced by a look of horror when he saw Fabian’s 
ghastly state, and his voice filled with panic.
It was only then that Fabian seemingly caught his breath. “S- She’s on 
the phone? Quick, hand it to me!” 
“But, Mr. Quinnell Senior, your cough…” Alexis hesitated. 
Wynter had heard everything on the other line. Frowning, she asked, ” 
Grandpa, are you all right?” 
“I’m fine, little princess. Alexis is just being dramatic,” Fabian lied to 
keep her from worrying. 
Chap 316 Towns 
He tried to keep his breath steady as he continued, “Is there anything you and your grandmother would like for lunch? I’ll have the chef make whatever you want. Why don’t you stay here for the night?” 
Wynter had always been perceptive. So when she heard Fabian 
rasping on the other line, she asked gravely, “Grandpa, turn on the 
camera.” 
“I’m fine,” Fabian insisted. “Trust me little princess.” 
As he said this, he waved his hand, motioning for Alexis to get Shane 
out of the house. 
Shane heard the female voice speaking on the other line that supposedly belonged to his long-lost daughter.
He leaned forward, but just as he was about to say something, Alexis clamped a hand over his m*uth and dragged him out of the room. 
Fabian didn’t want Wynter to find out about the nonsense her 
incompetent father had spewed. 
Alas, Wynter sensed there was something off on Fabian’s end.” 
Grandpa, is somebody there with you?” 
“Just a manager from the company, Fabian lied, suppressing a 
cough. 
She assessed his condition through his labored breathing. “Grandpa, 
I’m a doctor. You don’t have to lie to me about your condition. Did 
someone make you angry today?” 
“I’m just frustrated with work, that’s all,” Fabian said dismissively. “All 
those loose ends got the better of me.” 
Chapter 316 Torna 
Wynter did not press him for details. “Grandpa, if you want me to stay at your place tonight, you’ll have to let me assess your condition. Your infection spreads from your bronchus to your lungs. Did you perhaps cough up blood?”
Realizing he could hide it no longer, Fabian sat down on his rosewood 
armchair and turned on the camera. He stared at the screen 
obediently and let Wynter examine him through the phone. 
She did so and took in his pallor. She then glanced at his bluish l*ps. A. dark look flashed in her eyes. “Grandpa, did anyone mess with your 
food today?” 
“No,” he answered, still coughing violently. “Alexis always personally 
delivers my food, including today.” 
In that case, Wynter could rule out food as a cause for his sudden coughing fit. She considered the other possibility, which was that h had breathed in something to trigger his infection. Could it be an 
airborne substance? 
She advised calmly, “Grandpa, have someone open all the windows in the house, and remember not to get worked up today. I’ll see you later. 
Fabian beamed. “Looking forward to it, little princess! I think you’ll 
Jove your bedroom. I decorated it myself!” 
She laughed. “Promise me you won’t get worked up, Grandpa. No 
takebacks.”
“I have no reason to get worked up, not when my little princess is arriving soon,” he quipped, cheering up considerably. 
Chap 316 Toxins: 
After a while of cajoling him, Wynter said, “Grandpa, could you pass the phone to Alexis? I need to ask him a couple of things.” 
Alexis had only just gotten rid of Shane, who had left begrudgingly after Fabian wouldn’t let him speak to his long-lost daughter on the phone. 
Alexis took the phone and said, “Ms. Quinnell, about Mr. Quinnell 
Senior’s condition-” 
“I know,” Wynter cut him off, her voice crisp. “It’s caused by toxins. Alexis, get rid of anything scented in the house and leave the rest to 
1. Also, I’d like to know who Grandpa saw today.” 
If there was nothing in the house that was releasing toxins into the 
air, then there was only one possibility left-someone brought the 
toxins in. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Playb
###chapter317
Chapter 317 Precious Cargo 
Alexis did not hold back. He named the people who had dropped by the house and described whatever they had carried on their persons. 
“Ms. Naomi, whom the Quinnells sponsored, came by yesterday with 
tonic for Mr. Quinnell Senior,” he said. 
Wynter raised a brow. “Tonic?” 
“Yes. She would drop by the company at first, but lately, she’s been 
delivering tonics to the house,” Alexis elaborated. 
“Assuming Grandpa didn’t drink it, I don’t think the tonic is the issue 
here,” Wynter remarked plainly. 
“Mr. Quinnell Senior didn’t take one sip of it,” Alexis confirmed. “I 
didn’t let anyone into the house either. The only ones who came in 
were the chef and Mr. Quinnell. 
Wynter’s gaze darkened. “Mr. Quinnell?” 
“Your father,” Alexis clarified, though he sounded reluctant to dive 
into this conversation. “He got into a fight with Mr, Quinnell Senior 
earlier.”
On the other line, Wynter appeared to be in deep thought. After a long pause, she said, “Alexis, could you prepare a few medicinal 
ingredients for me? In the meantime, keep an eye on Grandpa and don’t let him see anyone until I get there, even Mr. Quinnell.” 
The formality with which she addressed Shane told Alexis enough- she wouldn’t acknowledge Shane as her father anytime soon. 
Chptr 317 Precious Cargo 
“Don’t worry, Ms, Quinnell, I’ll take good care of Mr. Quinnell Senior,” 
Alexis promised solemnly. 
“Thanks, Alexis,” Wynter said. Her tone grew serious as she added, ” 
Remember, do not let anyone see Grandpa until I get there.” 
She had been feeling that something was off ever since she had that 
nightmare weeks ago. 
Under normal circumstances, Fabian would have more than a year to 
live despite his condition, unless somebody was deliberately poisoning him. 
If that were the case, the person poisoning Fabian must have been 
family or someone trusted, or Fabian wouldn’t have let his guard.
down. 
She tapped her phone as she contemplated. The toxins that had 
triggered Fabian’s infection could be slow or fast-acting. 
For Fabian’s condition to worsen so suddenly today meant someone had probably predicted his outburst. 
Meanwhile, Margaret had fallen asleep and did not know of Wynter’s phone conversation. Wolf, on the other hand, was staring at her while 
signing something. 
Wynter glanced at the driver assigned to bring them to Kingbourne 
and shook her head at Wolf. 
As comfortable and spacious as the Alpard was, Wolf was agitated 
by it. He signed furiously, “Was this driver assigned to bring us to 
Kingbourne or to keep an eye on us? I don’t like this one bit!” 
Chapter 317 Precious Cargo 
Wynter simply tossed him a tablet and sent a message to it. “I want 
all the information you can find on the Quinnells before we reach our 
destination.” 
Wolf looked at the message on the tablet and grinned. He then began
typing in codes. 
Wynter turned to the driver and requested that he speed up. The driver 
worked for Dalton. Though he looked unassuming, he was well- 
versed in combat. 
More importantly, the Alpard was the Yarwoods’ family car. Dalton. 
had made his intentions clear-Wynter might have been the long-lost 
daughter of the Quinnells, but to Dalton, she was the future mistress 
of the Yarwood household. 
As such, the driver dared not disobey her. He sped up accordingly, 
and the fleet of cars behind them followed suit. 
Presently, Shane was still standing qutside Fabian’s study at the 
Quinnell residence and trying to force his way in. Alexis was still 
pleasant as ever, even as he refused to let Shane through. 
In the end, Shane relented. He sighed and said, “Fine, I won’t go in, but 
could you at least ask Mr. Quinnell Senior if he was serious about 
casting Naomi out of the family?”
Alexis adjusted his glasses. “Sorry, Mr. Quinnell, but Mr. Quinnell 
Senior needs to rest now.” 
Shane wasn’t so single-minded that he had become heartless. “I’ve 
brought Dr. Shepherd with me. Why don’t we let him examine my 
dad’s condition?” 
Stil smiling Alesis answered, Munnel Seniors doctor is on the 
way right now Let’s wait for her before we proceed 
Shane grew grim at Alexis uncompromising behavior and snapped 
You’re trying to prevent me from seeing my father? Are you going to 
deprive him of medical attention even when his condition is 
deteriorating? Who will bear the responsibility if anything happens to 
him 
The last part was directed at Alexis pressure him into letting Shane 
through 
Chapper 317 Precious Cargo 
Still smiling, Alexis answered, “Mr. Quinnell Senior’s doctor is on the way right now. Let’s wait for her before we proceed.”
Shane grew grim at Alexis’ uncompromising behavior and snapped, ” You’re trying to prevent me from seeing my father! Are you going to deprive him of medical attention even when his condition is 
deteriorating? Who will bear the responsibility if anything happens to 
him?” 
The last part was directed at Alexis to pressure him into letting Shane 
through.
###chapter318
Chapter 318 The Scions of Kingbourne 
Inside the study, Fabian was listening to the voice note from Wynter reminding him not to get worked up 
He refused to open the door for Shane and raised his voice as he 
said, “I’ll be fine if you stop pissing me off. You’d better leave before I think about revoking your position in the company.” 
Shane grew anxious and stepped closer to the door. “Dad, I’m just worried about your health.” 
“Worry about your intelligence.” Fabian gripped his dragon-headed 
cane and snarled. “Leave.” 
Shane’s fists clenched at his sides. He couldn’t understand why 
Fabian had such an aversion toward him. It was like he meant 
nothing to Fabian. 
“Fine, I’ll leave,” Shane relented. “But my doctor will be stationed 
outside your study just in case.” 
When he heard no reply from Fabian, he left. Until now, he had yet t 
tell Marie that their long-lost daughter had been found. 
He wasn’t sure how he was going to break the news to her. He
worried that if he did, her condition would deteriorate. 
More importantly, he didn’t understand why Fabian was adamant 
about sending Naomi away. It was tantamount to emotional 
blackmail at this point. 
The Quinnell family would still be grieving if it weren’t for Naomi. 
Chap 318 The Scions of Kingbourne 
Shane was planning to meet his long-lost daughter so that he could 
explain his side of the story. However, Fabian seemed intent on never letting them meet. 
It was ridiculous how Shane was made to feel less when he was the 
biological father. There was nothing more important than having peace and solidarity in the Quinnell family. 
Shane couldn’t bring himself to send Naomi away and leave her 
homeless. He figured he could wait until he saw his long-lost 
daughter and talk things out then. 
Meanwhile, after arriving in Kingbourne, Wynter grabbed her purse and got out of the car before anyone else. 
Her black motorbike was stored in the back of the mover van. She put
on her helmet and had the driver set her motorbike down on the 
ground. 
The house with the courtyard that she had chosen from Abel’s 
properties was across town from the Quinnell residence. 
She was grateful that Dalton had assigned enough men to escort and her family to Kingbourne, for they helped Margaret settle do 
into the new house. 
Glancing at the map, Wynter saw that the traffic was building up on 
the main roads. The fastest way she could get to the Quinnell residence was on a motorbike, and she wasted no time in doing so 
She perched on her motorbike and leaned forward, revving up the engine. The sleek black motorbike gleamed under the streetlights. 
From a distance, the motorbike effortlessly weaved through the 
Chap 318 The Stons of Kingboure 
traffic piling up on the road like a shadow. 
Upon noticing that the biker was a woman, some men seated inside a flashy sports car whistled at her. Wynter ignored them. She had to get to Fabian’s place as quickly as possible. 
However, the men in the sports car were none other than the scions
of the Scott and Winston families. 
Chad Winston, the eldest of the Scott scions, did not bother looking out the window as he drawled, “Can we make a move already?” 
“Are you that worried about Naomi?” Logan Winston asked. 
Sean elbowed Logan, who quirked his l*ps in displeasure before grumbling, “She only looks for you when she needs something from you, Logan. Besides, everyone in our circle knows who she has feelings for.” 
Chad’s expression turned grim. “If you have nothing better to say 
out.” 
“All right, calm down guys. Logan, you should know better than to badm*uth Naomi in front of Chad,” Sean Scott interjected. “She’s n as bad as you think, and she only went to the Yarwoods’ place because of the engagement.” 
Logan shrugged. “Yeah, which is a thing of the past. Anyway, do we know why she’s in such a bad mood, Chad?” 
Chad’s jaw went rigid. “Because the Quinnells have found their long 
lost daughter.” 
“What?” Logan’s eyes widened. “They found her? I thought she was kidnapped, and nobody knew if she was dead or alive! How did the 
Chack 318 The Sauna of Kingbourne 
find her?”
Sean was concerned about something else. “If the Quinnells found their daughter, what will happen to Naomi?” 
“Mr. Quinnell Senior wants her to pack up and leave,” Chad answered, 
his fists clenching. “She’ll be heartbroken if they make her go through 
with it. You guys know the Quinnells are like family to her after all these years.”
###chapter319
Chapter 319 The Real Ms. Quinnell 
Sean nodded. “I don’t think anyone could take such sudden news with 
an open mind.” 
“Chad,” Logan began, “Naomi is just an orphan sponsored by the 
Quinnells. Are they obligated to adopt all the orphans they’ve sponsored then? She should leave now that the Quinnells have found their long-lost daughter.” 
“Shut up,” Chad hissed angrily. 
Sean quickly tried to placate both of his friends. “I am curious as to 
why the Quinnells didn’t say a word about this. You don’t think the news of their daughter being found is fake, do you?” 
“As if they’d let anyone know that their daughter was found in the mountains. I heard she’s illiterate,” Chad said contemptuously, 
though he remained straight-faced. 
“We don’t know what she looks like, but I bet the Quinnells must want 
her to go through etiquette lessons before they announce her return 
to make her debut easier.” 
Sean rubbed his jaw thoughtfully. “She’s the polar opposite of Naomi.” 
Chad sneered, “There’s no competition. Naomi’s in an entirely
different league.” 
“Chad, I don’t think the Quinnells care whether the young lady is well- cultured or not as long as she’s their biological daughter,” Logan interjected exasperatedly. “Tobias even said that he never thought of Naomi as a sister anyway.” 
Chapter 319 The Real Ma Quinnell 
Sean gasped. “He said that? Outright?” 
Logan kept his hands on the steering wheel as he shook his head.” 
Yeah, it was during a dinner party or something. He got all angry. 
when someone told him his sister had arrived. 
“He said Naomi wasn’t his sister and that his real sister was still 
missing. Nobody had the guts to argue with him. You guys know what Tobias is like when he’s angry.” 
Chad was silent after hearing this. A moment later, he said, “Tobias 
doesn’t speak for the Quinnells. Mr. Quinnell does.” 
Logan didn’t bother arguing with Chad and simply dismissed the 
latter’s statement as one made by a lovesick fool. After all, one would 
have to be foolish indeed to meddle with the Quinnells’ private affairs. 
He would have stayed out of this if he were Chad, lest Tobias decide
to beat him up for interfering. 
The Quinnell brothers were formidable characters, and one had to 
tread carefully around them. At any rate, none of them had ever seen 
Naomi as a sister. 
Logan couldn’t help wondering when the public had simply treated 
Naomi as the Quinnells’ adopted daughter. It was odd how that 
became a commonly accepted fact, and Chad’s infatuation with 
Naomi was odder still. 
Wynter, on the other hand, had no idea that she was already being 
talked about in the upper-crust society despite having yet to make her 
debut. 
Meanwhile, Alexis was waiting anxiously outside the Quinnell 
Chupp 319 The Real Ms. Quirinell 
residence. The last thing he expected was for Wynter, the Quinnell’s 
heiress, to show up on a motorbike. 
However, it made her incognito. No one even noticed her arrival 
except for Alexis, whose eyes lit up as he immediately went up to
greet her. 
Wynter wasted no time on niceties as she pulled off her helmet and demanded, “Where’s Grandpa?” 
“In the study. He hasn’t moved or eaten anything since the phone call 
with you, and he insists on waiting for you for dinner,” Alexis 
answered. 
He glanced at the men standing behind him. “Go and park Ms. 
Quinnell’s motorbike.” 
The men couldn’t hide their shock as they stammered, “R- Right away!” 
They couldn’t believe that the young lady speaking to Alexis was the Quinnells’ long-lost heiress. She was nothing like what they imagined. 
Wynter looked as if she could command the attention of a room. Her face was a work of art, and with her long hair and mile-long legs, she 
was a vision. 
Even her motorbike was an impressive BMW Tomahawk. It took guts 
and a lot of confidence for a young woman to ride a bike like that. She was not the bumpkin the rumors made her out to be. 
The bodyguards and housekeeping staff at the Quinnell residence were all stunned by her beauty and presence. The older staff tried to get a better look at her under the lights.
“She looks a lot like a certain someone,” one of them mused. 
Chap 319 The Real Ms. Quinnell 
“Who?” another asked. 
“Who else? She bears a strong resemblance to a young Mrs. Quinnell 
Senior.” 
The Quinnells owed their current prestige to Fabian’s wife, Harriet 
Danes, who hailed from a powerful family and had a knack for keeping the Quinnells’ family affairs in order. 
Her formidability rivaled that of the Yarwoods’ patriarch, and they 
were in a league of their own. No one in Kingbourne’s upper-crust 
society had been able to match their status. 
The Quinnells’ household staff never thought they would meet 
someone who resembled Harriet so strongly. 
They used to think Naomi looked a lot like the family’s long-lost 
heiress. But now, they were even more surprised to find that the long- 
lost heiress had grown up to look like Harriet. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward
Play
###chapter320
Chapter 320 Slow Poisoning 
Wynter looked as sharp as she was stunning, a trait that a true 
Quinnell heiress would have. None of the household staff dared 
challenge her identity. They couldn’t even help staring at her. 
They watched as she made her way from the threshold to the study in 
long, confident strides. There was no denying her beauty as the staff 
took in her chiseled profile. 
Wynter never thought she could win over a crowd with her looks 
alone, not that she particularly cared about winning anyone over. She was more concerned about the toxins that were working their way 
through Fabian’s system. 
As the door to the study swung open, Fabian leaped to his feet and grinned at Wynter. “Come here and let me have a look at you, Wynter. Are you cold? 
“I would have sent my fleet of cars to bring you to Kingbourne, but that Yarwood brat told me his entourage offered more security. 
Anyway, where’s your grandmother?” 
“She said she’ll come over another day,” Wynter answered and immediately reached out to take Fabian’s pulse. “How are you feeling,
Grandpa?” 
Fabian felt perfectly fine. “My temper got the better of me, I think.” 
Without another word, Wynter pulled out her black pouch and took a 
silver needle from it. She then swiftly stabbed the needle into Fabian’s 
acupuncture detox point. When she pulled out the needle, the tip was 
Chapter 320 Slow Poroning 
nearly completely black. 
Wynter looked grim at the sight. 
Fabian froze. “Wynter, is that… poison?” 
“Yes. The toxins were built up slowly in your system,” Wynter 
concluded as she stored her needles. 
She took out a long, rectangular box, from which she produced a stalk 
of herb. “Alexis, have someone remove the roots and cook only the 
stem and leaves. Be careful, though, because the roots are poisonous. 
甘 
Alexis had no idea what the herb was, but the doctor who followed
him into the study had been privileged enough to come across the 
herb before. “A Zenith herb! A real-life Zenith herb!” 
Zenith herb was extremely hard to come by, and for Wynter to 
produce an actual, freshly plucked one was surprising. 
“You want this cooked?” 
“Yes,” Wynter replied, sounding almost nonchalant about it. 
Fabian had deduced from the doctor’s reaction that the herb was 
extremely rare, hence his question. 
The doctor smiled and said, “You’re lucky to have such a resourceful 
granddaughter, Mr. Quinnell. The herb is only sold by the Heavenly Medical Guild once every five years, and the bidding price starts at 
five million for a stalk. 
“It cures all kinds of diseases. We call it a miracle herb. I never 
thought you would have such a precious herb on your person, 
Ms 
Change 20 Slow-Pecanny 
Quinnell.”
Hearing this, Fabian looked at Wynter in alarm. “Wynter, you shouldn’t waste such an herb on curing me. Save it for yourself.” 
Wynter reasoned with him gently, “Grandpa, the herb can cure your sooner than conventional detoxing methods. Besides, the herb isn’t as rare as they say, and Heavenly Medical Guild probably rigged its market price. It doesn’t cost that much.” 
She could always farm more of the herb. It was difficult to cultivate 
Zenith herb, but it certainly wasn’t extinct. 
Fabian chuckled. “You’re the only one I know who’d say such things. about Heavenly Medical Guild. But you should be careful of what you say. Even an outsider like me knows how incredible the guild is in the 
medical world.” 
“It’s so-so,” Wynter countered vaguely before changing the subject. Grandpa, shall we eat?” 
Delighted, he said, “Of course. Alexis, could you bring the gifts I bought for Wynter?” 
“You bought me gifts again, Grandpa?” Wynter gleaned at her phone and did not see any invoice that indicated orders from Fabian. 
He patted her hand. “I didn’t want you to worry about commuting, so I 
got you a few cars.” 
“A few?” she repeated as dread filled her. 
Fabian cleared his throat. “Just a few. Shall we adjourn to the dining
room?” 
Π 
Chapter 370 Slow Poisoning 
He had never been one to feel like splurging, but that changed when Wynter came into his life. He bought the cars after watching a livestream. While the viewers had praised the cars’ appearances, they 
found the million-dollar price tags too steep. 
However, Fabian had only taken one look at the fronts of the cars and 
called up the dealers to order them. 
Wynter cast him a thoughtful look. She knew he only meant well, and 
she smiled as she took the keys. 
g about 
“Thank you for the gift, Grandpa. It’s perfect. I was just thinking getting one so I could bring Grandma around, what with her bad legs. 
and all.” 
“I knew you’d like it!” Fabian beamed. With half the toxins out of his 
body, he could breathe properly again. 
Everything seemed fine until Wynter reached the living room and 
spied the man-made waterfall that flowed into a lily pond on the west
side of the house. 
Her eyes narrowed slightly as she assessed the set-up and found 
something amiss.
###chapter321
Chapter 321 Wynter’s Many Talents 
Wynter sauntered up to the lily pond. As she surveyed the mini 
landscape, the greenery, and the water feature meticulously arranged 
to complement the waterfall, she asked, “Grandpa, who designed this? 
Fabian thought she found the set-up appealing. Beaming, he said, ” 
Your brother, Albert, had a foreign designer work on this. If you like it, 
I could have Albert make introductions.” 
“All right.” A smile curled on Wynter’s l*ps. “I’m just looking at the 
elements here and how they’ve been set up around the waterfall, such 
as these evergreen turquoise pebbles. They’re meant to bring good 
luck, no?” 
Fabian lit up. “You know this too, Wynter?” 
“I read about it once,” she said with a small laugh. “As beautiful as 
this set-up is, I don’t think the aesthetics work in the aggregate. For 
one, turquoise and water don’t get along. 
“The turquoise is water-absorbent, and over time, the stones will get darker. You certainly wouldn’t want such vessels of good fortune to
be ruined.” 
She pointed at the skylight in the corner. “Also, there’s too much. sunlight coming through. That’ll damage the turquoise over time, so it’s best if you move the stones around.” 
Fabian stiffened. When he glanced at Wynter, his expression was one of speculation. Smart as he was, he had dismissed the butler and the 
|_ Chappé: 321 Wynters Many Talents 
rest of the household staff. Alexis was the only one in his and Wynter’s company. 
Once the living room had quieted down, Fabian asked, “Wynter, I need 
you to be honest with me. Do you have much knowledge about gemstones and the such?” 
“Yes,” Wynter admitted. “A fortune teller taught me these concepts, including how gemstones could affect the energy of the household. If the turquoise stones are for good luck, then damaging them could do 
more harm than good.” 
As she said this, she pointed at the eastern part of the house.” Perhaps you could think of moving the turquoise stones there and 
leaving some other more durable stones in this pond. 
“The Quinnells could prosper enough even without the turquoise 
stones, but that’s because the family business is thriving. If you believe in harnessing the power of gemstones, then rearranging this
set-up might be a safer option.” 
Fabian did not doubt Wynter. If it were anyone else who told him such things, he would’ve dismissed it as superstition. 
However, his skepticism was nowhere to be found as he considered Wynter’s advice solemnly. “Moving the stones will be better for our family’s fortune then?” 
“Of course.” Wynter helped ease him onto his seat. “But don’t worry about it. A quick fix is all you need. If you’re worried about the pond. losing its luster due to the lack of turquoise, we can have Alexis add a few fish into the water. 
“I’ll bring amethyst or quartz to replace the turquoise. That way, you 
Chapter 321 Wynters Many Talents 
won’t have to compromise on good fortune or aesthetics.” 
Fabian was shocked. “That’s it? I don’t have to hire someone for this 
kind of work?” 
Wynter laughed. “Who would you hire, Grandpa ? I didn’t think you’d take decorating a water feature so seriously.” 
“Oh, a few business acquaintances of mine are quite into these sorts of things,” he groused, pinching the bridge of his nose. “I’d never hear the end of it if they knew I was just as invested as them.” 
Pouring him some tea, Wynter pointed out, “You could downplay it, and say it’s just a matter of science. 
“How is this a matter of science?” Alexis couldn’t help asking.
“Anything can be explained through science. Turquoise is made up of copper, which turns the water toxic after being submerged for a long time” Wynter explained. 
Alexis understood this immediately. “That makes sense!” 
“You could always use scientific logic to argue your way through most things. If there are too many plants in an enclosed room, ther oxygen toxicity could happen on account of dangerous levels of oxygen.” Wynter suddenly met Alexis’ gaze. “Alexis, I’d like to see Grandpa’s room if that’s all right?” 
Fabian rose to his feet and clutched his cane. “You don’t have to ask Alexis for permission! Come with me.”
###chapter322
Chapter 322 Beck and Call 
Fabian was concerned that the turquoise stones and their placement 
were so problematic, but he was delighted to learn how talented 
Wynter was. 
In terms of knowledge, she was far superior to his friends’ 
granddaughters, whose only accomplishments were academic. They certainly had never dabbled in gemstones and learned their 
compositions. 
Wynter then looked around Fabian’s bedroom and asked that the 
plants be moved elsewhere, save for the lavender that helped 
promote sleep and relaxation. 
Her main reason for coming into the bedroom was to find out the source of Fabian’s poisoning, but she ended up finding multiple problems with the bedroom layout instead. 
She wouldn’t have thought much of the problems if there weren’t so many of them. Clearly, little regard had been given to such issues to begin with. 
What seemed odd to Wynter was how the placement of certain s was overall impractical despite looking ordinary and harmless.
Her gaze darkened as she stood in the center of the room. She doubted that the way these things were placed had been accidental. 
Prestigious families like the Quinnells often had a penchant for flair, but Fabian’s room should not have been so unnecessarily ornate a 
Chapter 322 Becs and Call 
the expense of practicality. 
The 
e furniture in the room and the decoration gave the illusion of 
clutter. How was one supposed to collect one’s thoughts in here? One might not even get a good night’s rest amongst all the stuffy 
decorations. 
If all the rooms in the Quinnells’ residence were like this, Wynter wouldn’t be surprised to learn that the family had a proclivity for 
frustration. 
“Grandpa, have things been strained in the family business? Any rivalry or disagreements?” Wynter asked bluntly. 
Fabian gave this some thought. “Apart from the usual rivalry, no. Every family has their way of doing business, and with the Quinnells’ current status, we can afford to lose some opportunities.” 
“That’s a good mindset, Grandpa,” Wynter praised. “Can I have a pen?
Fabian gave Alexis a look, and Alexis immediately fetched a pen and 
some paper. 
Wynter scribbled something on the paper that looked a lot like 
gibberish and handed it to Alexis. “Here, place this under the potted tree outside Grandpa’s room.” 
“What is this?” Alexis felt like he had just been handed some mystical 
artifact. 
Wynter laughed. “Just a charm for good fortune.” 
Alexis knew it wasn’t that simple, but he also knew better than to inquire any further. 
Chapp. 327Block and Calf 
Fabian eyed Wynter curiously. “Did that fortune teller mentor of yours 
teach you how to use charms too?” 
“Yes. He has a fortune-telling booth under a bridge, though usually, he’s just humoring his customers with his predictions,” she explained. “He took mentoring me seriously, though.” 
She sounded rather nonchalant about this. 
There was no telling whether what happened next was an illusion. The moment Alexis shoved the piece of paper Wynter had given him under the potted tree, a cool draft came through. It was like a window had been opened somewhere.
The scattered leaves on the ground began to move and a refreshing breeze filled the room. It was invigorating. 
“Mr. Quinnell!” Alexis exclaimed brightly. “Don’t you feel like the house isn’t as stuffy anymore?” 
It was true. As soon as the window was opened, a breeze came through, bringing with it an indescribable calmness. 
Fabian might have come off as humoring Wynter before, but now, he seemed truly shocked. “Wynter, I think my room feels different!” 
All she did was have the plants removed and scribbled a charm, but the effect was palpable. 
“Fresh air does wonders for the mind and body,” Wynter pointed out. Alexis, would you mind coming over to my place tomorrow?” 
Alexis replied, “Of course, Ms. Quinnell. I’m at your beck and call.” He suddenly remembered he was still in Fabian’s presence and felt 
Chapy: 227 Beck and Call 
apologetic for speaking so thoughtlessly. “I’m sorry, Mr. Quinnell. 
What I meant to say was…” 
“Do as Wynter says,” Fabian interrupted, happy to see Alexis and 
Wynter getting along. “You’re capable and have a good head on your 
shoulders. I’m glad Wynter can lend you a hand.” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
Play
###chapter323
Chapter 323 Room for Fabian 
Alexis had been working for the Quinnells for a long time despite still 
being in his 30s. 
His father had been Fabian’s secretary before him, and Alexis 
reckoned Fabian was the only one in the family whom he would willingly serve. If it weren’t for Fabian, he would have left for other 
jobs. 
He had been approached by headhunters countless times, but he 
always told them he would only consider their offers should his 
services no longer be required by Fabian. 
Now that Wynter was back, Alexis’ decision became clear. 
“Ms. Quinnell reminds me a lot of you and Mrs. Quinnell Senior,” he 
pointed out to Fabian. “She doesn’t discriminate and treats staffers 
like us with decency.” 
Fabian sighed when he heard this. “If only my health weren’t such ar 
inconvenience to you all.” 
“That’s not your fault, Mr. Quinnell!” Alexis quickly said. “I’m sure Ms.
Quinnell is a kind and fair employer.” 
Wynter had no idea how she became the topic of conversation yet 
again. 
Fabian, on the other hand, was extremely proud as he said, “I like to think that I was as kind as her when I was in my prime.” 
“The resemblance is uncanny,” Alexis agreed whole-heartedly. “Th 
Chappi 323 Hour for Fabian 
house will liven up after she moves in.” 
Fabian beamed. “You’re right! Wynter, when are you and your 
grandmother moving in with us? I’ve decorated your room, and I can’t wait for you to see it!” 
Wynter didn’t want to disappoint Fabian, but she had to tell him the 
truth. “Grandpa, the Empathy Clinic will be setting up a branch here in 
Kingbourne. 
“Since operating a branch out of your house won’t be practical, I’ve found a house with a courtyard for that purpose.” 
“Oh, will you look at the state of me,” Fabian said ruefully. 
Not wanting to put Wynter on the spot, he added, “I’ve forgotten about
your plans for the Empathy Clinic. You’ll need a place to conduct your livestreaming too, and Margaret might not be used to our place. 
“A house with a courtyard sounds like the perfect place to set up branch, and I assume it’ll be accessible to more people as well.” 
As reasonable as Fabian sounded, Wynter could tell he was upset Fortunately, she had prepared for this eventuality. 
She didn’t tell him that her reasons for not moving into the Quinnell residence had to do with the conflict within the family, especially after she had read the information Wolf found on the Quinnells. 
She had nothing against her so-called biological father, though she didn’t feel any affection for him. That being said, she didn’t like seeing Fabian upset either. 
“Grandpa,” she began seriously, “the house I found has enough room for you. If you don’t mind, you could move in with us.” 
Chapter 323 Room for Fabian 
Fabian had been dejected until he heard this. Belatedly registering Wynter’s offer, he brightened up and repeated, “There’s room for me?” 
Wynter nodded as if designating a room for him at her place was the most natural thing in the world. “Of course. It’s my dream to be able 
to take care of you and Grandma. 
“Your room is on the east side of the house, and I even got you a 
rosewood table tea. It’s not as big or ornate as the
or your 
one you have here, though.” 
“I prefer small ones anyway!” Fabian exclaimed, worried that she might change her mind. “I’ll move in with you. I hardly go anywhere else other than the company, but Alexis can drive me to work.” 
Wynter grinned. “In that case, you can move in once I’ve decorated your room. Oh, and our meals are probably simpler than what you’re 
used to. You don’t mind, do you?” 
“Of course not! What do you take me for?” Fabian tugged on her a I loved crashing with my friends whenever I went on business tr and I loved having meals with them at home. The cabbage stew Ih 
at one of their houses was a life-changer!” 
Just like that, Wynter and Fabian continued their conversation in 
earnest. 
The entire Quinnell residence knew how happy Fabian was. He was in 
such good spirits that he ate more than usual, especially with Wynte dining with him. 
In the past, Fabian was always arguing with Shane. It didn’t help tha Naomi often dropped by with medicinal food and bribed the 
housekeeping staff into serving it to Fabian. 
Money aside, it was impossible to get the food past Alexis, who guarded Fabian like a hound.
The staffers hadn’t seen Fabian so happy for a long while, and no one was as relieved as Alexis to see Fabian laugh. Wynter’s return to the Quinnell residence had indeed livened things up. 
Meanwhile, in a manor somewhere in Kingbourne, a man glanced into the dimness as he toyed with his beaded bracelet and asked, “Has the matter of the Quinnells been settled?”
###chapter324
Chapter 324 Dead Fish 
The person who spoke was wearing a hood that obscured his profile. ” 
Yes, sir. The set-up was done according to your orders. It’s so subtle 
that no one will likely notice anything is amiss. 
“Besides, Fabian is too full of himself to believe in fortune predictions 
that are based on placements. The Quinnell family will be eliminated in two years, tops.” 
The old man in the armchair drawled, “I told you, our goal isn’t to 
eliminate the entire Quinnell family.” He rose to his feet. “The 
Quinnells are tenacious, so we’ll have to break them one by one. 
“Granted, those who are hardly ever home would be tough to deal 
with, but the entertainment industry is vicious. We can start by 
targeting the youngest son.” 
“You’re right, I forgot about the youngest son,” the person in the 
hooded shirt said, chuckling. “I suppose he makes for an easier target 
than his brothers.” 
The old man rubbed the beads of his bracelet. “Try to be subtle about
1. Now go.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
It took more than a decade for them to slowly rearrange the set-up in the Quinnell residence. They weren’t worried that Fabian would grow suspicious and consult a fortune teller. 
After all, even the best fortune teller in this day and age wouldn’t be 
able to crack the problems that lay within the set-up, unless Atwate 
Chap 324 Dead Frh 
was still alive. If everything went as planned, the Quinnells would 
meet their downfall soon. 
But neither the old man nor his lackey had anticipated the Quinnells’ long-lost heiress, who had supposedly grown up in a village, to be Atwater’s disciple. In fact, Wynter was probably the only person who knew this. 
That night, Wynter did not stay at the Quinnell residence. However, she had taken pictures of every corner of the house following her decision to go to Panzarath the next day. 
Meanwhile, the house with the courtyard had been cleaned out, but it still lacked the furnishings to make it a proper residence. 
As such, the Yarwoods arranged for Margaret and Wolf to stay in a hotel for the time being. 
Presently, Wolf was rolling from one end of the large bed to the othe when he suddenly glanced up at the aquarium in the room. To his alarm, half the fish inside the tank were dead.
He frowned and quickly signed to Margaret to tell her he had nothing to do with the fish’s sudden death. 
Margaret was still going through her shopping list for tomorrow when her attention fell on the aquarium. She gasped. “Oh, what do we do? I don’t even know what kind of fish they were. How am I supposed to -replace them?” 
Wolf thought about it, but just as he was about to snap a picture of the aquarium to send to Wynter, a low chuckle came from across the 
room. 
224 Dead Fishi 
“Madam Margaret, what are you trying to replace? I’ll get someone to help you with it.” 
It was Dalton. Dressed in a suit and looking as dapper as ever, he gave Margaret an apologetic look. “I’m sorry I couldn’t personally escort you and Wynter to Kingbourne. I was tied up with work the last 
two days. 
“I was thinking about having dinner with you, but it’s getting late. How 
about we stroll around town tomorrow?” 
Margaret quickly grabbed his arm when she saw him and said, Ernest, what do we do about the fish? They must have died from lack of oxygen, the poor things. Could you talk to the hotel management for me and see if they’d let us compensate them?” 
“My family owns this hotel,” Dalton replied. 
ya
He had no intention of keeping his identity a secret from Marg anymore. That said, he did find the fish’s death somewhat intrigu 
if not odd. 
“I must say, though, this breed of fish is known for being tough. I 
take a lot to kill them.” 
He walked up to the aquarium and tapped his knuckles against the glass tank, but half the koi fish inside had indeed died. Dalton raised 
a brow. 
Wolf happened to be standing next to him in his little pajamas, and Dalton saw Wolf gazing skyward with a guilty look on his face. 
Crouching down, Dalton cleared his throat and asked Wolf with a knowing smile, “I wonder if you gave the fish a fright before this, Wo 
Wolf was only a child, and his eyes couldn’t help but widen as he 
stared at Dalton warily. 
Dalton had only been guessing, but when he saw Wolf’s reaction, he couldn’t help but darken his gaze and clench his fists. 
Wynter returned to the hotel room at that moment and saw Dalton. and Wolf glowering at each other in a silent stand-off.
###chapter325
Chapter 325 Private Conversation 
Wynter set her black purse down and raised a brow at Wolf. “What’s 
going on here?” 
Dalton glanced at the fish tank and hid his smile. “I don’t think we can 
go to the aquarium tomorrow if Wolf continues to flaunt his… special 
ability.” 
Wynter followed Dalton’s gaze and saw the dead fish in the tank. The 
fish were foaming at their m*uths, and she knew she couldn’t cover for Wolf anymore. 
She chewed on her fruit-flavored candy and chuckled as she asked 
Dalton, “Shall we take this conversation downstairs?” 
Margaret was peeling an apple for Wynter when she heard this. “Why 
can’t you talk here?” 
“It’s about the Quinnells, a topic he is quite the expert on. Also, it’s a highly confidential matter,” Wynter explained. Margaret didn’t stop Wynter from leaving after hearing her explanation. 
Dalton, on the other hand, straightened up and said casually, “Very well then. We can also discuss how we should introduce you to my parents.” 
Wolf looked up at Dalton in alarm, wondering what he was going on about. Wynter suddenly stopped biting her candy. Margaret was the only one who chuckled..
“Well, that’s very sweet of you, Ernest, but why rush these things? You and Wynter have only gone out for a couple of weeks.” 
Chap 125 Private Lonversation 
“I see no harm speeding things up a bit, Madam Margaret,” Dalton countered good-naturedly. “With my busy schedule, I’m afraid Wynter might get sick of not seeing me often enough and change her mind about me. I’d better make things official before then.” 
“I hope you’ll both work things out during your talk then,” Margaret said teasingly, though she directed this at Wynter more than Dalton. 
She was pleased to hear Dalton bring up the matter of family introductions, and she took it as a sign that he was serious about Wynter. Far be it from her to stop such wonderful progress! 
Wynter was led away by Dalton after that. In the privacy of the elevator, she narrowed her eyes at him. “Care to explain why you decided to bring up the matter of introducing me to your parents without consulting me first?” 
Dalton cast Wynter’s delicate profile a sidelong glance. Amused, asked, “Are you angry?” 
“I feel like I was tricked,” Wynter said as she glared at him. She the looked away. She didn’t like staring at his pretty face for too long, she would be inclined to forgive him. 
He reached out to tuck her hair behind her ear and coaxed, “My grandfather has been pestering me to bring you home after he 
learned of your arrival in Kingbourne. I told him I’d have to ask you 
first.”
That much was true. It wasn’t as if Dalton could use the family fleet to escort Wynter to Kingbourne without Theo knowing. 
“We can wait if you want.” Dalton’s usual aloofness was replaced b 
Chap 25 Private Convers 
kind understanding as he added, “You don’t have to meet my family. 
until you’re ready.” 
Wynter eyed him contemplatively when she heard this. At that moment, the elevator doors opened, and an entourage of black-clad 
bodyguards stood at attention when they saw Dalton. 
“Mr. Yarwood!” they greeted in unison. 
Dalton had tried to keep a low profile in Southdale, but now that he 
was back in Kingbourne, he no longer had to hide his identity. Right 
now, he looked like a scion who ruled the upper-crust society. 
The restaurant had been booked out and tastefully redecorated. The 
lighting was warm and cast an enchanting glow over the place. A 
bartender was making drinks behind the bar counter, and the 
saxophonist was still playing. 
The two chefs in charge of the international cuisine in the restaura
stood by the kitchen awaiting their orders. Wynter and Dalton we 
the only customers tonight. 
With over 90 years of history, a section of the building that house the restaurant had been turned into a museum by the foreign. 
concession and was now known as a tourist spot. 
As such, foreign dignitaries were often received in the restaurant, and 
the building also hosted multiple jewelry and antique auctions. 
Wynter took in the splendor around her and tapped her fingertips 
against the table, her mind racing. 
Her gaze darkened, but her face revealed nothing as she asked 
casually, “Have the Yarwoods taken over this place as well?” 
Chapter 325 Private Conversation 
“Just the operational part,” Dalton replied frankly as he elegantly took a sip of water. “So what was it that you wanted to talk to me about in 
private?” 
Wynter picked at the foie gras on her plate with mild disinterest. She propped her chin up with one hand and sounded bored as she asked, ” How much do you know about that young lady who was
sponsored 
by the Quinnells?” 
Spinto Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Play
###chapter326
Chapter 326 The Next Level 
Dalton slid the plate of steak he had sliced up over to Wynter. “She 
wanted to marry into the Yarwood family, but I turned her down.” 
Wynter stared at him speechlessly. 
“I figured I should tell you myself before you get the wrong idea,” he 
explained, though exasperation filled his sparkling eyes. “You’re 
unnervingly fl*ppant for someone I’m rumored to be dating.” 
Wynter gave the steak a cursory look before saying, “I have yet to hear 
about your valiant effort of turning down a young woman’s 
affections, but I still care about you enough to tell you to stay away 
from her.” 
“Got it,” Dalton replied in amusement, wondering if Wynter was 
jealous of Naomi. 
But jealousy was not the reason behind Wynter’s warning. “She has a strange scent on her that could be bad for your health.” 
“That’s it?” he asked incredulously under his breath. 
“Sorry, what was that?” Wynter couldn’t hear him over the saxophone.
“Nothing,” Dalton dismissed with a pleasant smile. “Do you think. she’s plotting against the Yarwoods? What did you find out after you 
visited the Quinnell residence?” 
Sometimes, Wynter thought Dalton was too smart for his own good. He could read between the lines even though the information she had 
given him was vague. 
Chaty 126 The Next to yel 
“Grandpa’s condition is a result of toxins. In other words, he’s been 
poisoned.” Wynter left out the strange set-up she had seen in the 
Quinnell residence. 
“It’s almost impossible for outsiders to bring in the poison, which 
means it’s an inside job.” 
Dalton suddenly thought of something and asked, “You once told me 
that medical incense was bad for me if I breathed it in over a long 
period. Do you think she had something to do with that too?” 
“You need to ask yourself that.” Wynter’s clear gaze fixed on him. ” The medical incense has relaxing properties but can overwhelm your
system. Who gave it to you?” 
He didn’t bother lying to her. “My sister got it from a church.” 
“Someone’s targeting the Yarwoods,” Wynter concluded. She set her utensils down and dabbed her m*uth with a napkin. “It’d make sense 
for them to come after you first, and they’re using such a roundabout way to keep you from getting suspicious.” 
Dalton stared at Wynter thoughtfully. “You’ve saved me again.” 
Again. Wynter considered this while sipping her water. “I’m not that 
heroic.” 
“You are,” he answered, laughing. “If these were medieval times, I’d have to marry you to repay your kind debt.” 
She almost choked on her water. Putting the glass down, she met his gaze and confessed, “I have intermittent explosive disorder.” 
“I know.” He tapped his slender index finger against his neck. “You 
Chapter 326 The Next Level 
left your mark here.” 
Wynter gave him a withering look. Why did he have to bring up such embarrassing memories?
“My disorder could be hereditary,” she continued solemnly like she was giving out medical advice. “Could you accept that?” 
Dalton chuckled. “With a lifespan as short as mine, I doubt I have any right to discriminate against your condition.” 
She opened her m*uth to say something, but Dalton fed her a spoonful of crème br?lée before she could speak. “I’m physically unwell, and you’ve got a mental disorder. We’re a perfect match. 
Wynter chewed on the silky-soft crème br?lée and nodded at him to feed her another spoonful. “But I don’t like having others breathing down my neck all the time. I bet your family has a plethora of rules 
and traditions.” 
“I don’t know where you heard that from,” Dalton countered with mo disapproval, though he laughed. “Why is it that the things you about my family are never good?” 
“You might want to hear the things you said in the past,” she shot back, her chin resting in her palm. 
“I didn’t know you paid such close attention to me,” Dalton pulled out a couple of tissues and began wiping Wynter’s face. “That was a facade I put on for the public. You, on the other hand, are special.” 
She thought it was unfair for someone as handsome as Dalton to be this charming. 
“After I’ve sorted out the problems plaguing the Quinnells, I’ll visit your 
Chap 324 
grandfather with you,” Wynter offered. 
She had never been one to lack initiative, especially since she and Dalton had already made this much progress in their relationship.
She also hated stringing someone along, though Dalton’s handsome face was a more convincing reason for her to want to take things. between them to the next level. 
With that in mind, Wynter poked Dalton’s ch*ek and said, “I like your 
face.”
###chapter327
Chapter 327 Presidential Suite 
Dalton’s smile deepened upon hearing Wynter’s compliment. “What 
an honor,” he quipped. 
For some reason, the golden-frame glasses he wore made him look 
even more devilish. 
This was the first time Dalton’s bodyguards had seen him being teased like this, and they couldn’t help their amusement. 
They were even more impressed with Wynter for being able to get 
away with teasing Dalton. In the past, he was so aloof that even 
socialites dared not approach him at dinner parties, let alone tease 
him. 
But Wynter did not seem to fear him and behaved as if she was 
perfectly at ease in his company. In any case, she had Dalton. 
wrapped around her pinky, though the bodyguards were loathe to 
point this out to him. 
She complimented Dalton so openly and playfully that one might 
have thought that she had done this multiple times.
Wynter declared, “You’re mine, is that understood?” She did not like 
sharing what she had claimed as hers. 
Dalton twirled a strand of her long hair around his finger. “Yes, I’m 
yours.” 
“I want intel on that young lady the Quinnells sponsored,” Wynter said 
as a yawn escaped her. She was clearly tired. “I still haven’t figured out what’s wrong with her scent. I should let Wolf see her in person 
Chapter 327 Presidential Sude 
Chop 
so he can determine it.” 
Dalton stroked her hair. “Sleepy?” 
“A little.” Wynter yawned again. 
He draped a coat over her shoulders and asked, “Would you like to 
return to the room?” 
“Okay,” was all she mumbled as exhaustion washed over her. 
She felt like she had been in this building before. Fragments of 
unfamiliar memories flashed through her mind as her eyelids grew
heavy. 
Dalton sensed that she was exhausted and did not bring her back to 
the main building. He had someone check them into a presidential 
suite instead. 
Wynter lifted a brow. “Why this floor?” 
“You’ll be sleeping in my room tonight,” Dalton replied, gently shoving 
her through the door. His voice was pleasant as he added, “I’ll be 
working in the study.” 
She looked up at him inquisitively. 
“What, do you not trust me or something?” he asked with a chuckle. 
“No.” Wynter stretched and took off her shoes, then padded barefoot 
across the carpeted floor. “I’m going to bed. Have fun working, 
though. 
“Also, could you call my grandmother and tell her where I’m spending the night?” 
Chappi 227 Prudential Suite 
She was tired after a long day, but she refused to get into bed without showering first. As such, she headed into the bathroom while Dalton called Margaret as instructed.
“Yes, she’s washing up now, don’t worry. Get some rest, Madam Margaret. I’ll take you and Wolf sightseeing tomorrow.” 
On the other end, Margaret hung up and looked at Wolf. 
Wolf signed, “That man’s dangerous!” 
Margaret ruffled his head and laughed. “I never thought I’d hear your call another man dangerous.” 
Wolf’s expression was grave. “I don’t like that man,” he signed. “But he pays well, so I don’t know what to make of him.” 
Margaret couldn’t help but laugh at this as she sprawled on the couch. Wolf simply gaped at her, unable to comprehend why she 
wouldn’t take him seriously. The same went for Wynter, who 
repeatedly ignored his warnings. 
Wolf was certain that Dalton could brainwash others. He couldn’t 
understand why Wynter hadn’t seen the black tendrils that curled 
around Dalton as they were only becoming more present. 
It was as if there was something inside Dalton that couldn’t be suppressed any longer. 
Wolf had no idea what it was, but it felt familiar. He also couldn’t help. feeling like he and Dalton had met before. Either way, he didn’t like 
Dalton.
He shook his head and rattled his brains for an answer, but he 
Chapter 327 Presidential Suite 
couldn’t remember anything. He let out a sigh in frustration. 
That night, Wolf kept tossing and turning in bed. Safe to say, he did 
not sleep well at all. 
Meanwhile, over in the presidential suite, Wynter wanted to bury 
herself under the covers right after her hot shower. She would have done so if Dalton hadn’t hauled her up and proceeded to blow-dry her 
damp hair. 
She was so tired that she had to lean her head against him. “Are you 
done?” 
“Almost,” Dalton said, nearly laughing at the sight of her. 
Just then, his phone screen lit up. It was time he joined the 
international conference call that had been scheduled in advance.
###chapter328
Chapter 328 Down Bad 
Dalton frowned, but he picked up the call. The person on the other 
line sounded apologetic, as though worried that he had angered 
Dalton somehow by calling him. 
He explained, “Boss, we’re still working on getting a higher profit margin on our end. It’s around 10% now, and I know you aren’t happy 
about that, but Max…” 
The volume and the clarity with which the person on the other line. 
said this made Wynter look over in surprise. 
Dalton gently turned her head. “Don’t move. I don’t want the hot air getting on your face.” 
“I can blow-dry my hair while you take the call,” she said. She doubted it was appropriate for him to take the call while he was playing 
hairdresser. 
Chuckling, he said to the person on the other line, “I’m blow-drying my 
fiancée’s hair right now. Get back to me in a minute.” 
On the other end of the phone call, Eduard Gilmore fell speechless. 
After the initial shock passed, he quickly said, “Oh, go ahead, Boss!
Sorry for bothering you!” 
He should have known better than to call Dalton five minutes before 
the conference call was scheduled to start. Eduard cursed himself for 
having such bad timing. 
Wynter refused to let Dalton continue. If word of this got out, he 
would be ridiculed. 
Chapt. 328 Down Bad 
However, having anticipated what she was about to do, Dalton 
grabbed her wrist and stopped her. He pointed out in his velvety voice, “The conference hasn’t officially started, so we still have time to dry 
your hair.” 
She decided to humor him. “Suit yourself then.” 
He smiled as she faced forward once more. He then said to Eduard,” 
Could you send over the meeting agenda?” 
“Oh, of course! Right away!” Eduard replied dutifully. 
In the past, Eduard was more inclined to believe that pigs could fly before Dalton would go on a date. Now, not only was he proven wrong, but he could also tell how happy Dalton sounded. 
Eduard wondered if that meant he and his co-workers would be
spared from the usual scolding today. 
When the conference call began, Eduard noticed Dalton was more- 
relaxed than usual. 
“Boss, Fernando Deluca recently acquired some antique jewelry. He was wondering if you’d be interested in taking them off his hands?” 
Eduard asked. 
Dalton glanced at the description. “No.” 
“He said some of the jewelry belonged to the Yarwoods.” 
When Dalton heard this, he froze and stared at the screen.before him. 
His l*ps curled in a cryptic smile. “What does that mean?” 
Eduard felt a chill down his back, as he always did whenever Dalton 
smiled like that. “Uh, he said something about it being able to cure you? I’m not too sure about the details either.” 
Rubbing his red-beaded bracelet, Dalton said after a moment of 
thought, “In that case, have him make an appointment to show me what this magical is.” 
“Yes, Boss,” Eduard answered. 
He was the only one left in the conference call. Everyone else had logged off as soon as they were done getting Dalton up to speed on their progress. They were stunned when they saw how casually
dressed Dalton was. 
When the conference call was over, Eduard was bombarded with 
questions. He had to set up another group text to gossip with his co- 
workers. 
“You didn’t hear it from me, guys, but Boss is probably living with his 
fiancée!” 
“What, as in cohabiting?” 
“His fiancée?” 
Eduard tagged all of them and warned through text, “Keep your m*uth 
shut about this until there’s official news.” 
The executives were wise. They certainly wouldn’t blab to anyone 
about Dalton’s possible love life, much less gossip about it with their 
subordinates. 
They found it extremely hard to believe that Dalton was seeing 
someone, much less be so indulgent and loving toward her! 
Chapter 328 Down And
Meanwhile, Dalton had no idea that his subordinates had scrutinized and magnified his every move. 
He took off his glasses and switched off the lights in the study before heading into the bedroom. 
Wynter was already asleep in bed, her long, black hair fanned out across the dove-white pillow. She looked ethereal in her sleep, almost 
too delicate to touch. 
Dalton leaned forward and caressed her ch*ek with his thumb, his gaze darkening. He had meant to leave after taking a glimpse of her, but he was no saint. He couldn’t just walk away and behave rationally when the woman he loved was right in front of him. 
Unexpectedly, Wynter fl*pped to her side and pinned Dalton’s arm under her. With her ch*ek nestled against his palm, she looked so breathtaking that Dalton’s heart skipped a beat. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Play 
Chapter 329 Wynter Dreamt Again 
Dalton’s posture became rigid. He gazed intensely at her with dark and unfathomable eyes. He leaned forward slightly and nearly 
touched her face with his nose. The touch from his hand made his 
Adam’s apple shift subtly. 
The wind was strong in Kingbourne. It was especially noticeable as fall began, and it howled outside. However, the room was incredibly
quiet. 
Wynter furrowed her brow slightly, possibly disliking the coolness of the beads on his wrist. As Dalton watched her, she felt he was noble and handsome, yet mysteriously unpredictable, unlike his usual 
demeanor. 
He lowered his stance further and gently caressed her face. In a deep and calm voice, he said, “You really aren’t worried at all.” 
What he might do next was uncertain, even to him. However, she 
seemed undisturbed. 
Dalton studied her eyes and l*ps closely. He moved his l*ps closer and tightened his hand, resting beside her as if trying to restrain himself. His gaze grew darker, tinged with a hint of red. 
He let out a cough, causing the dust on his beads to clear and reveal 
a faint glow. His gaze deepened even more. 
Finally, he lifted her entirely. He ran his hand through her hair. His grip grew stronger and stronger. Wynter could sense his breath close to her, and she was about to open her eyes.
###chapter329
Chap 329 Wynter Dreamt Again 
He let her go and spoke softly. “Although this version of you is pleasant, obedient, and likable, I prefer you when you’re awake.” 
Wynter’s eyelids felt heavy. She had never experienced such feelings before. She wondered if it was something about this man or perhaps 
something about the hotel. 
She wanted to wake up, but the gentle pressure he applied to her back was too comforting. The warmth from his body felt just right. She 
decided to let her hand rest as she fell deeper into sleep. 
Dalton watched her with lowered eyes, indulging in how she crumpled 
his pajamas. In the darkness, the beads on his wrist grew increasingly vivid. Their sheen seemed to illuminate his eyes. 
“Sometimes I really think about creating a cage just for you,” he 
mused as he brushed his fingers through her long hair. His gaze 
became deeper. 
Everyone said the head of the Yarwood family was as cold as ice, 
indifferent to everything. That was because no one understood him 
except for himself.
Regarding affection, he only wanted her to look at him. Dalton knew 
well that she was naturally carefree and difficult to tame. He needed 
more patience, much more. 
Ultimately, he felt that she would be disappointed. He was not a good 
man. 
In the presidential suite, the two of them matched perfectly on a pure white classic bed. She slept in his arms while he gently patted her 
back tenderly. Little did she know, something was stirring, ready to 
Chap 329 Wynter Dreamt Again 
tear through the facade… 
That night, Wynter dreamt again. But the dream wasn’t about her. It was about Dalton. 
In her dream, her beautiful patient didn’t live past 30. He was not fond of talking, only playing chess with himself. 
His personality was somewhat gloomy. An indescribable sense of discomfort arose, perhaps due to his overly pale complexion, which gave him a cold demeanor when he looked at others. 
At that time, he had interactions with her. She had listened to Shane’s advice and had not married into the Yarwood family.
No, it was not right to say she listened to her father. It was because too many voices around her said that a girl from the countryside like her did not match the bright and pure Yarwood family heir. 
He was wearing a black coat and standing under a pine tree, coughing incessantly. His grandfather wanted to talk to him about marriage. He did not say he would not marry her, nor did he say he 
would. 
He only mentioned that he would not live long and did not want to delay her, so he asked his grandfather to consult her instead.
###chapter330
Chapter 330 He Kissed Her 
Wynter didn’t care about the marriage. The man in her dreams didn’t seem eager either. They just let his grandfather drop the matter. 
Later, when people compared her to the adopted daughter, he only said, “The Yarwood family values blood relations. Ms. Quinnell is the one I’m betrothed to. It’s not that I don’t want her. She didn’t choose 
1. Enough with the boring talk.” 
By then, his cough had become very severe. Yet, in a circle where everyone disliked her, he spoke up for her. But that was later after his grandfather passed away. 
Her life was in turmoil. She wanted to see him to ask about his health. Nobody knew he would be involved in a car accident. She wondered how such a person could meet with a car accident. 
Wynter suddenly opened her eyes and shielded them from the light that streamed in. For a moment, she couldn’t tell if she was still dreaming. It was not until she turned her face slightly and touched his pajamas with her fingers that she breathed a sigh of relief. 
But immediately after, her figure stiffened. It was because of the 
excessive closeness between them. 
She could even feel the heat emanating from his body and the scent of his unique medicine on his breath. Wynter wanted to get up, but 
she moved even closer to him.
His face seemed even more likely to lead one astray in the morning. His skin was translucently pale. He draped his arm over her waist. 
Cluny 330 He Krised He! 
They were so close that not even a sliver of space was left. She hadn’t managed to rise before he pinned her wrist down. 
Wynter looked at him. His eyes were dark. Half propped up on her, he forcefully restrained her as he bent his long leg at her knee. 
Compared to the man she knew, he was much more dangerous. He slid his hands under her pajamas with his fingers. 
Wynter had never experienced anything like this. He k*ssed her neck as his warm breath brought her a certain softness. 
By the time she knew it, he had crumpled her pajamas. Wynter never knew he had such strength. She felt as if she were floating in mid-air. The only sensation was the kneading he imparted on her body. It was a numbingly addictive caress. 
Wynter’s calm, pale eyes would probably have continued to sink under his movements if it hadn’t been for the doorbell interrupting them. 
“Someone’s at the door.” 
That was Wynter for him. She was wise no matter how 
uncomfortable it was. Her judgment remained unaffected, even now when her white pajamas exposed much of her delicate collarbone.
“It must be Wolf.” Wynter pushed him away. 
Dalton buried his head in her long hair and said in a low voice,” You 
can’t answer the door like this. I’ll go, you tidy up.” 
“Okay.” Wynter lazily yawned. 
Dalton’s dark eyes deepened. He buttoned up her pajamas and slowly 
Chap 330 He Kessed Her 
smiled. “Aren’t you afraid of me?” 
“What is there to be afraid of?” Wynter pinched his face, examining it from side to side. “With a face like this, I’m hardly at a loss.” 
She had given up too easily in her dream. Reflecting on it now, she felt a sense of loss for not being indulged by the man. 
Dalton didn’t know what she was thinking. He only watched her and raised a brow. “Who did you learn that from?” 
“I used to…” Wynter began but stopped. 
She had relaxed too much for a moment. She forgot that he was the kind of person who could guess everything from just one sentence. 
Dalton laughed. His gaze was light and suggestive, encouraging her to continue. “You used to what?”
###chapter331
Chapter 331 Everything was Subject to Change 
Wynter casually mentioned, “I used to really enjoy watching idol dramas. That’s where I learned it.” 
She continued calmly, “Go open the door for Wolf. If you don’t, soon he’ll bombard me with questions.” 
Dalton ran his fingers through her hair and stood up. Despite hearing her explanation, he didn’t believe a word she said… 
Upon opening the door, Wolf’s cautious face went pale. He was wary that his boss might cause trouble because he was smitten by 
someone’s appearance. 
He realized the darkness in Dalton’s eyes becoming more intense. He wondered if the beads were losing their powers. Wolf looked down at 
Dalton’s wrist. 
Dalton raised an eyebrow. “Are you the only one here?” 
Wolf gestured and pointed downstairs. Dalton caught on quickly.” 
Grandma is having breakfast downstairs, and she sent you to call us? 
Wolf nodded in confirmation. 
Dalton smiled slightly, “You came at a bad time today, so no money for you.” Wolf was baffled by his logic.
Dalton set some ground rules as he let him inside. “Don’t come in the mornings or evenings anymore if you want to get paid.” 
Wolf was skeptical and gestured for him to produce a thousand dollars first. 
yttung wap Subject to Chang 
Changing his shirt, Dalton responded, “My phone is on the desk. Bring 
it here.” 
Wolf hesitated even though he was used to being ordered around by him. Dalton softly chuckled. “I’m transferring the money.” 
Seeing this as reasonable, Wolf brought him the phone. Dalton transferred 100 thousand dollars to him. “Get out there with her this afternoon and buy her whatever she wants.” 
Wolf looked at the money while nodding absently. When Wynter came out after changing, she saw the exchange. She raised Wolf’s hand, asking lightly, “100 thousand dollars?” 
With his straightforward demeanor, Wolf pointed at Dalton and indicated that it was his insistence. 
Wynter looked at Dalton, “Don’t give him so much next time. Wolf isn’t 
suited for these things.” 
“Alright,” Dalton replied calmly. He drew her closer and said, “Tell me more about your past later.” 
Wynter was perplexed. She thought he would forget about this matter after her wash-up. Yet, she couldn’t believe that Dalton still 
remembered.
He smiled as he noticed her eyes twitch. Wynter felt a pang of regret for choosing such an intelligent boyfriend. Managing someone like him was challenging, but he was faultless. 
Knowing Margaret had mobility issues, Dalton had purchased an 
electric wheelchair in advance. He chose not to have the driver help 
but drove them himself for a half-day tour around Kingbourne. 
Chapter 337 B. 
They enjoyed some roast duck and candy figures. They even got a candy figure molded at the Empire State Building. 
In the afternoon, Dalton needed to return to the office and asked if Wynter wanted to join. She asked, “You’re planning to take me to the office with you?” 
“We agreed you’d see my living and working environment,” Dalton said as if it was the most natural thing. 
Wynter proposed, “Let’s go in a few days. I need to visit the Quinnells 
today.” 
“When exactly?” Dalton wondered, unaccustomed to being unable to 
schedule an appointment. 
Wynter considered. “Give it a week or so. I know your condition well 
enough.”
Her recurring dreams still worried Wynter as she reminded him, “Be careful on the highway. Even if you’re tired, don’t sleep in the car.” 
The specifics of the highway weren’t precise, but the timing 
suggested it wasn’t imminent. The idea that the head of the Yarwood family could so easily have an accident seemed utterly bizarre. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
###chapter332
Chapter 332 Wynter in Panzarath 
Wynter was pensive. She needed to sort through her thoughts carefully. She wanted to clarify things before telling him. 
Unfortunately, Dalton was very sensitive and good at focusing on key 
points. 
“Yes,” Wynter replied while meeting his gaze. 
Dalton looked into her eyes and chuckled softly. “I’ll listen to whatever 
you say.” 
This statement made Wynter’s eyes flicker slightly. She remarked, Then be careful about the people around you.” 
“Understood.” Dalton tucked her long hair behind her ear. “If you need anything from the Quinnell family, just say it. I’ve lived in Kingbourne longer than you and know more about these matters.” 
Wynter didn’t beat around the bush. I indeed need you to set up a meeting with a designer.” 
“Who?” Dalton asked. 
Wynter handed over a business card. “A foreign designer, Carloz 
Lopez.” 
Dalton’s eyes deepened. “Another Lopez?”
“Do you know him? That’ll make things easier.” Wynter spoke calmly. He designed the old Quinnell family house. I think he did well, and I 
want to know what inspired him.” 
Chapter 332 Wynter i Fanzale 
Dalton took the card and held it between his fingers, “I remember you once mentioned modernizing fortune predictions.” 
“Yes, I mentioned that.” Wynter didn’t want to spar with him. “I know a bit about it. There are problems with the design he did for the Quinnell family. If you know him, don’t let him cheat you.” 
Dalton’s l*ps curved slightly. “So what else is there that I don’t know 
about?” 
“That’s all.” Wynter leaned in closer when she suddenly realized something. “Were you a bit upset just now?” 
Dalton put away the card and denied it. “No.” 
“Because I mentioned the past?” Wynter guessed. 
Dalton replied lightly, “You’re overthinking it.” 
After he finished speaking, Dalton added, “Although your taste in the past wasn’t great, at least it’s much better now.” With that, he walked 
away.
Wynter was somewhat perplexed. Everyone said that Dalton was dignified and stable, and was always composed. 
She wondered why it was always so hard to figure him out when it 
came to her. He had commented several times that her taste was 
poor. 
Wynter pondered about her past. There wasn’t much to it. She just 
liked pretty things… 
Wynter was good at convincing herself. But little did she know, Dalton 
cared about other things. For example, why did she once call 
someone from the Shepherd family “brother”? Just thinking about it gave Dalton a heartache. 
From his perspective, she was only being passive to him. If it weren’t for his careful planning, one would wonder if she would’ve agreed to 
be with him. 
When he was young, a medium once told him that he was not suited to have obsessions. Once he developed an obsession, the outcome would be undesirable for everyone. 
But sometimes, when affection took root, the more one cared, the stronger the obsession. He wanted her to belong entirely to him. He wanted her to willingly love him as much as he loved her-to see him 
as irreplaceable.
Wynter had no idea what he was thinking now. She was still planning to pick up some things at Panzarath 
Unexpectedly, Fabian had arranged for someone to meet her. Just as she and Wolf got out of the car, they were greeted by a man in a suit holding a string of beads. 
The man was cheerful and conspicuous in the crowd because of his 
outfit. He looked more like a conman than a genuine fortune teller. 
“You must be Ms. Quinnell. Please, come in!”
###chapter333
Chapter 333 Wynter Knows Everything 
“Ms. Quinnell, it’s your first time here, right?” The newcomer was very talkative. He had a strong Kingbourne accent. “You can call me 
Ronan.” 
As soon as he finished speaking, someone shouted from nearby, “Sir Rathbone, you’re here! I have some good stuff today!” 
“I’ll check them out in a bit.” Ronan nodded and greeted him, exuding 
an air of authority. 
“Alright! Then I’ll save them for you!” 
Wynter smiled faintly. “Sir Rathbone?” 
Ronan replied while fanning himself, “People on the street respect me. That’s why they call me that.” 
After saying this, he continued, “Mr. Quinnell said you were looking for some Evercrest Gems. Are there any specific requirements for the 
items?” 
“None,” Wynter said while glancing at Wolf. 
Wolf seemed quite familiar with Panzarath. He curled his l*ps slightly 
as he swept his gaze across the area. Wynter brought him. 
specifically to serve as an “eye”. Wolf’s eyes could help her find things efficiently.
“Truth be told, Ms. Quinnell, you’ve come a bit early,” Ronan said as they walked. “It’s not your fault. You probably don’t know the history. of Panzarath.” 
Wynter chuckled lightly and said in a playful tone, “Indeed, I don’t 
much about it.” 
know C 
Ronan lowered his voice, asking, “Then do you know the origin of 
Ghoulton?” 
Wynter shook her head casually while surveying the street ahead. 
Ghouton originated from the 19th to the 20th century in Kingbourne’s history when the nation was declining. Many officials and nobles fell on hard times and sold their family antiques secretly. 
To avoid being seen, they chose to trade at dawn with lanterns. Their faces obscured by the red light resembled ghosts, which was how the place got its name. 
Those in the antiques business know that Ghoulton had good items. Wynter walked up to a stall that was selling wholesale trinkets. 
Ronan added mysteriously, “It’s normal for someone your age not to know. Many locals don’t either. Panzarath has its taboos. Some things that come from underground should never be touched.” 
Ronan advised, “You’re from the Quinnell family, so I won’t deceive 
you. According to tradition, the real treasures only appear at dawn 
when the market opens. That’s the insider way to spot treasures.
Treasure hunting starts early. So weld better come back around 11:00 
p.m.,” Ronan suggested. 
Wolf had already started gesturing to inform Wynter that all the items sold were recently made, and none were old. 
Wynter strolled leisurely, not interrupting Ronan’s introduction. She quietly asked, “Are there still items from underground? That shouldn’t 
be the case.” 
“Very rarely,” Ronan replied while playing with his beads. “But don’t worry, I’m taking you now to meet Mr. Novak who can give you some 
advice.” 
Wolf clearly didn’t want to go. He was more interested in candied hawthorns. Wynter shot him a glance, and Wolf immediately behaved. He came over and let Wynter lead him by the hand. 
Ronan found it odd that Wynter brought a mute child from the 
countryside. 
“Your father visits Mr. Novak often. We might even run into him.” 
Ronan was trying to establish a connection. 
Wynter smirked, “I’m not very familiar with him.” 
Ronan hesitated as he looked for excuses. “Well, you just came back,
so it’s natural not to be very familiar.” 
Suddenly, his curiosity was piqued. He wondered if Wynter had no intention of acknowledging anyone. 
He felt that would make sense, particularly because the Quinnell 
family’s adopted daughter was remarkable. 
She was knowledgeable about calligraphy and jewelry and had a keen 
understanding of antiques. Wynter on the other hand…
###chapter334
Chapter 334 Suggesting Ms. Quinnell Not Stay in Kingbourne 
Ronan initially wanted to say Wynter came from “a small place” with limited vision. Yet, seeing her composed demeanor made him doubt himself. No matter what anyone said, whoever Fabian acknowledged 
was the one! 
Ronan reassured himself with this thought. Wynter still smiled lightly with a distinguished demeanor. She didn’t bother chatting with Fabian. 
“We’re here.” Ronan glanced around and noted, “We really do have to 
queue.” 
Indeed, there was a huge crowd. People who had appointments were lined up from inside to outside. The store’s antique facade displayed 
a dazzling array of antiques. 
A person holding a sl*p of paper exited jubilantly, beaming. “The 
fortune teller said if I drink this prescription, I’ll surely have a son!” 
“The fortune teller knew you wanted a son?!” someone nearby 
exclaimed in surprise. 
“That’s right! The divination was so accurate. I’m thoroughly 
convinced!”
Hearing this, those in line grew even more anxious. Just then, two 
individuals dressed like scholars came out and announced loudly.. 
“Today’s fortune-telling slots are full. We are sorry for any 
inconvenience caused. Please come back another day if you’re distressed.” 
Chapter 334 Suggesting Ms. Quinnell Not Stay in Kingbourne 
“Distressed?” Wynter’s eyes flicked up when she heard this. 
Worried that Wynter was pondering too deeply, Ronan whispered, ” Ms. Quinnell, don’t worry. We’ll use another entrance and wait for the 
crowd to disperse.” 
Those who had queued for so long were hardly willing to disperse. 
However, it was Darrell’s rule. 
After 2:00 p.m., he no longer told fortunes but only allowed item requests. These were items that ordinary people could hardly afford as they often cost tens of thousands of dollars. 
As the scholars said, people had no choice but to plan to return another day. Some even sought scalpers to queue for them, each 
relying on their means. 
Once most people had left, Ronan approached, handing the scholars some money. One scholar smiled. Sir Rathbone, that’s very kind of you. Please come inside.”
Ronan looked back at Wynter. 
One of the scholars frowned. “Who is this?” 
“Oh, she’s a relative’s child. She’s here to study in Kingbourne,” Ronan quickly improvised. Fabian had instructed him not to disclose Wynter’s background. 
Wynter was even smarter, quickly saying. “Uncle, can you ask the master if I can get into Sacred Heart Medical University later?” 
Ronan paused with the beads in his hand, looked back at Wynter as if 
she were some sort of specter, and then nodded three times. “How 
Thappa: 3354 Ruggesting Ms Donnell Not Stay in Kingbourne 
forgetful of me! Of course, I’ll ask!” 
Wynter’s reaction was perhaps too quick for him. Her way of 
addressing him as “uncle” caught him off guard. 
The unsuspecting scholar led them inside. 
Wolf gazed up at Wynter. Wynter raised an eyebrow. “Do you like this 
place?” 
Wynter uttered an “Oh” as her smile grew wider. She thought to herself that this probably wasn’t a good place. 
Thinking she was complimenting him, Wolf stood even straighter.
They walked past a room divider to see people drinking tea. They were about 70 years old and were adorned with white beards and robes. They were sitting around steadily. 
Behind them was a wall of antiques, including fan screens, lanterns, 
and white porcelain jade vases. 
“Sit,” an elder gestured. 
Ronan immediately laughed. “Did you foresee my visit?” 
The elder was Darrell. He poured a cup of tea. “I am fated with those 
in distress.” 
Somewhat excited, Ronan quickly introduced, “This is my niece from 
out of town. She’s just arrived in Kingbourne. Could you look at her 
face?” 
Darrell pushed the tea aside and smiled quietly. 
Ronan knew the rules. “My niece also wants to request an item.” 
Chap 334 Suggesting Ms Quenell Not Stay in Kingbourne. 
The elder then turned his gaze to Wynter. After a long pause, his expression suddenly darkened. He watched her intently as his voice changed slightly when he spoke. 
“The female in distress has too strong a presence. It harms herself and others. For her family’s sake, she shouldn’t stay in Kingbourne.”
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Play
###chapter335
Chapter 335 Dealing with a Swindler 
Ronan gasped. “Best not to stay in Kingbourne?!” 
He wondered if Darrell had anticipated that he was bringing the Ms. Quinnell that the Quinnell family had found. 
Ronan was about to speak when Wynter beat him to it. “Then may I ask, is there a way to break this curse?” 
“It’s difficult to break,” Darrell said pityingly. “Some hardships are beyond your blame. You’ve received little love since childhood, and few can understand you. Resentment can arise from this.” 
Wynter twirled the teacup in her fingers with a light smile. ” 
Resentment?” 
“Yes,” the old man said as he watched her. “All your pain comes from your resentment. You struggle unconsciously and can’t break free. You wonder why others can have what you do not.” 
Wolf was getting restless as he narrowed his eyes dangerously. 
Wyner sighed. “Someone once read my fortune too. He said I am continuously blessed, and any swindler who crosses paths with me 
would be in big trouble.” 
“I didn’t believe it before,” Wynter said while curling her l*ps into a 
smile. “But now I do after I met you.”
“What do you mean?” Darrell’s assistant was furious. 
The assistant looked at Ronan. “Sir Rathbone. What kind of person 
Chum 335 Dealing with a Swindler 
did you bring? Everyone in Sorzada City knows Mr. Novak’s reputation. If you don’t believe, don’t come! We only help those who are destined 
to be helped!” 
Ronan did not expect Wynter to make things difficult suddenly. He thought she was going along just a moment ago and wondered why there was such a sudden change in her mind. 
Ronan quickly apologized. “Darrell, my niece is naive. They don’t 
believe in this at school. I’ll talk to her!” 
“It’s alright.” The elder was exceptionally tolerant. “Nowadays, everyone is a materialist. I understand. 
“But as I age, it’s harder to watch those in distress suffer. Ms. Quinnell, you might not believe what I say, but for your family’s sake, be careful of your fate to avoid any regrets in the future.” 
Ronan felt even more guilty. “She will be careful. This is serious. 
Allow me to ask boldly, how can we resolve this?” 
“Give me her birth details. Choosing random items won’t work. It best to choose a talisman.” The elder’s gaze shifted. “It’ll dispel the bad luck affecting Ms. Quinnell.” 
Ronan was already picking up his phone to make the payment.
Wynter suddenly asked, “Mr. Novak, what do you think I came here 
for?” 
“To study,” Darrell answered instinctively. Ronan paused as he was 
baffled. 
Wynter’s eyes deepened. “What you said was accurate. Your 
assistant misunderstood me.” 
tharger 335 Dedina with a Swingier 
“You wanted to test me. That’s understandable,” Darrell said with 
scholarly grace. 
Ronan watched Wynter, who nodded and simply said, “This is my first time in such a place, and I indeed was a bit defiant. So, do you think I can get into the school of my choice?” 
“I see many difficulties through your face.” Darrell shook his head and then said, “Draw a tarot card.” 
Wynter casually reached for the tarot deck on the table and drew a card. The tarot card fell to the ground, and the assistant picked it up 
for the elder. 
The elder sighed softly. “Just as I thought, a very unlucky draw.” 
Wynter seemed anxious. “What should I do then?”
“This is easy to solve. You just need to bring an angel statue home.” Darrell put down the tarot card. “However, this statue must be ma of gold.” 
Wynter then asked, “Do you have one here?” 
“Second row behind me, third column,” Darrell advised. “Seeking 
education is the first step. One must be patient when it comes to change fates.” 
Wynter smiled as she met Ronan’s gaze. “Uncle, do you think I should get myself an angel statue?” 
Ronan was a bit dazed. He wondered how the topic had seriously 
turned to studying since Wynter wasn’t here to study at all! 
Disanje 335 Dealing with a Swindler 
Yet, the “innocent” Wynter lifted the teacups toward him, indicating 
that Darrell was a swindler.
###chapter336
Chapter 336 Dump Your Fiancé and Be with Me 
Ronan was shocked. He realized Wynter had done it on purpose. She had deliberately steered the conversation toward education to expose that Darrell couldn’t really predict anything! 
He had spent at least a million and eight hundred thousand dollars at 
Darrell’s over the past year. He couldn’t believe it! Ronan told himself 
to stay calm. 
Darrell was still watching him. “Mr. Rathbone?” 
“I’m not buying it!” Ronan glared fiercely with a commanding 
presence. 
Darrell’s face stiffened. He clearly hadn’t expected this response. Just then, laughter came from behind Ronan. 
“Mr. Rathboone, you’ve really turned over a new leaf. You’re not showing any respect to Darrell,” said the group as they walked in, dressed in the most fashionable clothes from top brands. 
Each had a unique style. Some had dyed hair, while others were handsome and well-groomed. But what they all had in common was 
their affluent background. 
This piqued Wolf’s interest, given his keen sense for money. He glanced at Wynter as if to ask, “Ms Quinnell, they’re rich kids. Shall
we fleece them?” 
Wynter wasn’t interested until she recognized someone in the group. It was Sean, the youngest heir of the Scott family. Wynter tapped her fingers on the table and looked at him. 
Chapter 336 Dump Your Fiance and Be with Me 
Logan took off his sunglasses and stared at Wynter. He was 
mesmerized. “Wow, she’s beautiful.” 
Wynter looked up at him. Her face was cold, yet stunningly beautiful. 
She smiled at him. 
This made Logan tug on Ronan’s arm. “Who is this beauty?” 
“My niece,” Ronan said tightly, keeping to what Fabian had instructed 
him. 
Logan scrutinized him. “You have such a beautiful niece?” 
“What nonsense are you spouting?” Chad intervened with a cold look. He had the strongest presence in the group. “My brother is clueless, 
Mr. Rathbone. Don’t take him too seriously.” 
The Rathbone family had fallen on hard times, leading Ronan to 
become an antique dealer. 
Logan didn’t understand, but Chad knew better. One should never
underestimate one of these old Kingbourne folks, even if they 
seemed like ordinary people now. 
Ronan waved and smiled. “Chad, what brings you here today?” 
“I want to ask Mr. Novak for an item,” Chad said while looking toward 
the wall of antiques. “Mr. Rathbone, you know Naomi’s coming-of-age ceremony is happening soon. Fabian said he would officially adopt her then, and I need to pick a gift worthy of the occasion.” 
Ronan nodded as he shifted his gaze towards Wynter. He didn’t know 
what to do because he didn’t expect such a response from Wynter. But Wynter seemed utterly unfazed. 
Huppé· 336 Dump Your France and Be with Me 
Chad continued, smiling at Darrell, “Most importantly, I want to ask Mr. Novak if my request can be fulfilled.” 
Darrell then said, “Mr. Winston, please take a seat.” 
Chad sat down, with Sean following quietly behind him. If Wynter hadn’t researched the Scott family, she wouldn’t have guessed he was one of them. Wynter pondered the relationships between these 
individuals. 
Blissfully unaware, Logan continued ogling her. “This lady is really beautiful. She has great skin and an impeccable demeanor. 
“Hey pretty, do you have a boyfriend?”
Wynter felt that his face was blocking her view. “I have a fiancé.” 
www 
Logan laughed. “Your fiancé can’t possibly be as handsome as me. How about you dump him and be with me?” 
The all-knowing Ronan knew that Wynter’s fiancé was the last person from the Yarwood family anyone would want to mess with. It seemed that the Winston family had lost their minds.
###chapter337
Chapter 337 Wynter Puts the Rich Kid in His Place 
While Ronan was thinking about how to get Logan to back off, Wynter had already spoken. “I’m sorry to disappoint you, kid. You’re nothing compared to my fiancé.” 
Logan was taken aback and reflexively countered, “Then what does your fiancé look like?” 
“He’s indeed handsome,” Wynter said, preparing to leave. 
Chad was about to have his fortune told. He looked over and 
narrowed his eyes slightly. “Miss, you should be careful with how you speak. This is Kingbourne.” 
Wynter laughed lightly. “Are you planning to teach me manners?” 
Chad watched her. Although she was beautiful, he couldn’t tolerate 
such an attitude. He wondered if Ronan had taught her that 
Kingbourne had its own rules. 
“Mr. Rathbone, you handle it,” Chad said as he was unwilling to say 
more. 
To Chad, she was just a foreigner. He couldn’t understand how she 
was offended just because Logan merely looked at her twice. His 
disdain was evident on his face.
Logan knew he had made a mistake. “Sorry, miss. I was just joking. I didn’t realize you and your fiancé were so close. Miss, you’re a pure angel love.” 
Wynter could see that Logan was talking nonsense, 
chapp/337 Wynter Puts the Fach Kid in His Place 
“I’m pretty ordinary.” Wynter stood up and approached him. “Mr. Logan Winston, right?” 
Logan remained still. “That’s me. Have you heard of the Winston family too?” 
“I’ve heard of it.” Wynter then took out her phone and sent a voice message. “Someone is trying to steal your woman. Oh, and by the way, what was your full name again?” 
“You heard him. He says his name is Logan,” Wynter spoke 
unhurriedly. “Mr. Chad is quite a nice person. However, his brother seems to have some issues with me. Here’s today’s report, see what you can do about it.” 
Chad scoffed upon seeing this. He wondered if she was the kind of woman who tattled. Although she had a pretty face, it was probably 
all she had. 
“I’d like to see how your fiancé plans to deal with our family,” Chad- 
said with an arrogant attitude. 
When Dalton received the message, he was about to sign a contract. He listened to Wynter’s voice message and put his pen back down. His eyes deepened as a slight smile appeared on his l*ps.
He replied with another voice message, “Alright, I’ll handle it. Enjoy your time at Panzarath. Let Mr. Rathbone show you around.” 
After responding to Wynter, he made a call to his subordinate. “Three days later, at the Winston family’s party, tell them I’ll be there.” 
“The Winston family? Boss, didn’t you say not to inform you about 
purely social events?” Max wondered. 
Chapper 337 Wynter Puts the Rich Kid in His Place 
Dalton’s voice carried a hint of amusement. “Just arrange it.” 
“Alright.” 
On the other end, Max was still guessing why Dalton’s mood had 
suddenly improved. 
Meanwhile, Ronan coughed heavily. He really hadn’t expected Wynter 
to be such a character. He wondered if she would just settle scores 
on the spot and tell Dalton about this. 
Logan was somewhat stunned. “You told your fiancé about us? 
Ladies should be independent, miss!” 
“I’m just not independent enough,” Wynter sighed deeply.
She didn’t mention Dalton was in a bad mood. Finding him something to do might cheer him up. That’s why people said love could take a lot. 
of brainpower. 
Seeing her nonchalant attitude, Logan found her even more 
interesting. “Miss, let’s be friends. Though you complained to your boyfriend, your boyfriend doesn’t even know us.” 
“He’s also from Kingbourne,” Wynter said with a deep smile. “You 
should know him.”
###chapter338
Chapter 338 Wynter Shows Her Other Persona 
Chad listened, and his face turned cold. “Then you’re mistaken. Not all people from Kingbourne know each other.” 
“Chad!” Logan pushed him slightly. “Let Mr. Novak check your fortune. Don’t get involved in this.” 
Chad’s voice was cold as he replied, “So I should let you make friends 
with this commoner?” 
Although Ronan was also afraid of escalating the conflict, he knew where his allegiances lay. “According to Mr. Winston, I shouldn’t even be here since the Winston family is superior!” 
Clyde was currently in a tricky position. He would have preferred to 
keep a low profile. 
Chad understood this and, upon hearing Ronan’s words, clenched h fist in frustration. He said, “Mr. Rathbone, you misunderstand. Everyone is different, and I’ve never considered you an outsider.” 
That was somewhat conciliatory. 
Ronan took the hint. “Then I’ll consider the earlier comment a 
misunderstanding. Gentlemen, go on with your business. I’ll take my 
niece elsewhere.” 
“Hold on a second.” Wynter’s gaze fell on Logan’s waist, and she 
suddenly smiled. “Your brother is getting his fortune read, but you’re
not?” 
Logan was surprised. “I don’t believe in that,” 
Choi Wynter Shaw Her Other Persona 
Chad glanced at Wynter. “Mr. Rathbone, is your niece trying to provoke my brother again?” 
Ronan wasn’t sure what Wynter was planning as he tugged at her 
sleeve. 
Wynter said lazily, “It seems Mr. Winston thinks about nothing but romantic affairs. No wonder the Winston family has been laying low 
lately.” 
Suddenly, there came a loud bang! Chad’s hand slammed onto the wooden table. All his pretense of civility was gone. “The Winston family is not a topic for a foreigner like you to discuss!” 
“The Winston family lives off public funds. Any citizen can discuss them. Why can’t I do the same?” Wynter let out a wider smile. “Mr. Winston, isn’t what you seek just to be with someone you admire?” 
Chad suddenly choked. 
Wynter’s eyes deepened. “Isn’t that a matter of romance?” 
“Indeed!” the naive Logan exclaimed in surprise. “Miss, how did you 
know?” 
Wynter was nonchalant. “I can read fortunes too.”
Darrell could no longer stay silent and sighed deeply. “Miss, why bother? Mr. Winston’s written intentions are long-lasting and will 
surely move his beloved.” 
“How is that supposed to be long-lasting? Wynter said playfully. “It’s clear the other party has someone in mind, and Mr. Winston is only thinking wishfully.” 
Another loud bang came! Chad could no longer maintain his gentle demeanor. “Shut the hell up!” 
Ronan was shocked by Wynter’s accuracy. He wondered how she had managed to guess everything correctly. 
Logan and Sean also looked intrigued. Outsiders wouldn’t have 
known about Naomi’s situation. They wondered how a random 
person like Ronan’s niece would know, and whether she really had some hidden skills. 
Logan hesitated, then whispered to Wynter, “Could you read my 
fortune for me?” 
He felt that what she said was too accurate. It would be a loss for 
him if he missed her reading. 
Wynter’s smile was light as she responded, “Five thousand dollars a 
word.”
“Five thousand?” Darrell watched Wynter, slowly shaking his head. Miss, you come into my shop and do such things. Doesn’t it bother your conscience to deceive people?” 
Wynter glanced at the antiques behind him and said, “Darrell, all this artificially aged porcelain could be worth tens of thousands of dollars. And here you are, scaring people with fertility potions. If you’re not worried, then I’m definitely not.” 
“You!” The assistant was furious as he shouted at Darrell, “Mr. Novak, 
she’s clearly here to cause trouble!”
###chapter339
Chapter 339 Wynter Is the Most Powerful Fortune Teller 
Darrell looked at Ronan. “Mr. Rathbone, you’re a veteran in the antique circle. You should know that fortune-telling is all about belief. If you don’t believe it, feel free to leave.” 
Ronan had already seen through Darrell. Smiling casually, he said, ” Don’t try to pressure me with the rules of fortune telling. Fortune telling here in Panzarath relies on mutual agreement. As long as the buyer and seller are in accord, no one can interfere. 
“Mr. Logan hasn’t even spoken yet, so don’t get anxious, Mr. Novak. How about this? I’ll give you 10% of the profit if my niece’s deal goes through. After all, it’s a transaction at your place.” 
He was right. That was how things worked in Panzarath. Logan was certainly willing to get a tarot reading. He quickly drew a card. The disciple was furious, but there was nothing he could do. 
Darrell, upon seeing the card Logan draw, suddenly agreed to have 
Wynter interpret the card. “Miss, please begin your interpretation. 
What does this card mean?” 
It was the Death card. Ronan glanced at Logan, curious about what 
misfortune might befall him. 
Logan blinked innocently. “I just simply drew a card.” 
“The Death card symbolizes transformation, endings, and new beginnings,” Wynter explained slowly. “It suggests that certain 
aspects of your life may need to come to an end to bring about
positive change.” 
Chuppée JP9 Wyeth is the Most Powedall 
She glanced at the pendant around Logan’s waist. “For example, if your nightmares persist, you should consider whether you should reduce speeding.” 
The disciple chuckled. “Mr. Novak, this is the first time I’ve heard someone interpret the Death card this way. It’s absolute nonsense.” 
Darrell shook his head. “Don’t be rude.” 
Chad also didn’t believe Wynter and said to Ronan, “Mr. Rathbone, your niece is quite the charlatan. Logan never has nightmares. He 
sleeps more soundly than anyone.” 
“Exactly.” Sean laughed, clearly not taking Wynter’s words seriously. 
Only Logan hesitated for a moment. Initially, he had been smiling. But 
when he heard Wynter mention nightmares, he looked at her 
differently. “Can my problem be solved?” 
His question stunned everyone, especially Chad. “What’s gotten int 
you?” 
“Nothing. There’s no harm in believing her, right?” Logan chuckled. H didn’t want anyone to know about his nightmares. “Since you’re getting a reading on your love life, I might as well join in.”
Wynter wanted to save him and do a good deed. Since Logan’s pendant was nothing ordinary, she didn’t beat around the bush. 
“It can be solved. Just don’t wear random things and believe in science. Don’t go street racing tonight.” 
“Okay.” Logan breathed a sigh of relief. He would throw everything away when he got home. 
Clapé 230 Wynterts the Mast Powerful Fortune Teller 
Wynter didn’t save him for nothing. She nudged Wolf forward. “Since I haven’t found the others, you can try touching him. The effect should be the same.” The opposite effect was still an effect. 
Wolf’s eyes suddenly turned slightly red. Logan, though puzzled, followed suit. He placed his hand on Wolf’s head. Wolf chuckled twice and promptly produced a QR code. 
Logan laughed. “This kid’s interesting. 
Wolf’s expression was cold as if saying, “You’re the interesting one. Acting so cocky when you’re about to die.” 
Logan scanned the QR code and transferred the money. 
Within seconds, Wolf’s phone dinged. “Congratulations, Little Chaos. You’ve received ten thousand dollars.” 
Ten thousand dollars? Only then did Wolf look at Logan with a grin, seemingly wanting to say something to offer him some blessings 
Seeing this, Wynter quickly covered Wolf’s m*uth and whispered, ” What are you doing? Are you trying to kill him?”
T
###chapter340
Chapter 340 Wynter Is Truly Extraordinary 
Chapter 340 Wynter Is Truly Extraordinary 
Wolf gestured, “He’s not bad.” 
“Getting praised by you is not a good thing,” Wynter replied casually. 
Having saved Logan, she didn’t want to stay any longer. She glanced at Ronan. “Uncle Ronan, shall we go outside for a walk?” 
“Sure, let’s go.” Before leaving, Ronan gave Darrell a warning.” Panzarath allows various ways to make money. But if anyone dares to harm others, they’ll face lawsuits. 
Darrell chuckled softly. “Mr. Rathbone, I only guide those who are meant to receive my guidance. It appears that our paths are not 
destined to cross.” 
“Mr. Novak.” Wynter toyed with her purple sugilite pendant and suddenly lifted her gaze. “Are you really talking about destiny? I have a question for you, Mr. Novak. Did you study the Arcane Way or the Mystic Path? 
“I doubt it was the Mystic Path given that you’re doing business here. 
Then, is it the Arcane Way? The Arcane Way focuses solely on 
cultivation and doesn’t talk about destiny. Thus, you neither studied the Arcane Way nor the Mystic Path. Now, that’s interesting.”
Wynter turned to look at Logan. “Mr. Logan, since you’ve paid me, I’ll offer you a friendly reminder. Nowadays, there are certifications for those who study the Arcane Way or the Mystic Path. Mr. Novak is quite skilled. He should have pursued those certifications.” 
Logan, being cooperative, immediately asked, “Mr. Novak, you surely 
Chopper sau Wynter la Truly Extraordinary 
have the certificate, right?” 
Darrell wrung his hands nervously but hid his nervousness with a smile. “I studied on my own.” 
Logan responded, “Oh, that means you don’t have the certificate.” 
Darrell took a deep breath. “Mr. Chad, Mr. Logan is-” 
“Logan, do you want me to tell Grandpa about today’s incident?” Chad felt that his younger brother was hopeless. “Mr. Novak is our family’s esteemed guest. You should know that. Don’t embarrass yourself in 
front of others.” 
Logan stiffened at the mention of the word “Grandpa”. His voice went 
muffled. “Fine.” 
“Apologize to Mr. Novak.” Chad pressured him with his authority as an elder brother. Logan had no choice but to comply. 
Being a forgiving man, Darrell said, “It’s okay. Mr. Logan was just 
misled.”
Without looking back, Wynter strolled out of the courtyard. She 
couldn’t be bothered with their act. The fact that the Winston family 
trusted such a scammer was none of her concern anyway. 
Suddenly, Wolf raised his hand and gestured toward her. 
Wynter pinched his face and looked at his canines. “Alright, once 
you’ve had your fill, let’s go. If I leave you here, it’ll be someone else’s 
bad luck.” 
Wolf nodded vigorously. He had to listen to Wynter’s words. 
Chappé 340 Wynter is Truly Extraordinary 
Observing from the side, Ronan looked somewhat puzzled, but there was something he had to ask. “Ms. Quinnell, how did you figure out that Mr. Chad has feelings for someone?” 
“Figure out?” Wynter smirked. “I didn’t figure it out. My fiancé told me.” 
Ronan couldn’t believe that Wynter and Dalton would talk about this 
kind of thing. 
Wynter continued, “Didn’t he mention wanting to give a gift to Naomi? Even a fool could guess what he was planning to ask during the tarot 
reading.”
Ronan nodded, finding her explanation plausible. But he still felt something was off. “Is Mr. Logan’s insomnia real or fake?” 
“If you believe me, then it’s real.” Wynter looked at Ronan with profound eyes. “Uncle Ronan, do you believe me?” 
Ronan couldn’t quite figure out Wynter, but she had been too clever, just now, especially in exposing Darrell. 
So, he decided to take a gamble. “I do.” 
“I study medicine.” Wynter didn’t disclose much. “The pendant on Mr. Logan emits a strange scent which can disturb the mind if worn for long periods.” 
Ronan suddenly understood. “So, about his street racing…” 
“I made that up, just like how Mr. Novak fooled you.” Wynter chuckled. 
“Fortune tellers in the market simply combine the information your 
reveal and say vague things. People then imagine things themselves. That’s psychology.” 
Despite being in this circle for so long, Ronan was hearing this 
explanation for the first time. As he looked at Wynter, his eyes were 
filled with admiration 
The socialites waiting to witness a spectacle would probably be 
disappointed this time Wynter was truly extraordinary.
Chap 340 Wynters Truly Extraordinary 
Despite being in this circle for so long, Ronan was hearing this 
explanation for the first time. As he looked at Wynter, his eyes were filled with admiration. 
The socialites waiting to witness a spectacle would probably be disappointed this time. Wynter was truly extraordinary.
###chapter341
l 
Chapter 341 Wynter the Expert 
By 5:00 p.m., the crowd in Panzarath began to increase gradually. The lights were coming on, and the vendors were all arranging their items. 
Nowadays, with the development of the internet, there were even people livestreaming to sell their items. 
Despite the large number of people, it wasn’t noisy. Everyone was whispering to each other. 
At this moment, various gemstone accessories were also on display. 
Wynter’s goal of buying Evercrest Gems seemed simple. However, it 
was challenging. The difficulty lay in the fact that there wasn’t much 
profit in it unless they were carved. 
Unfortunately, Wynter wanted the gemstones themselves. Only two shops were offering them, and the prices quoted by the owners were 
somewhat unreasonable. 
Ronan held a paper fan and said, “Mr. Lott, this is too much. You want 1,000 dollars for three gemstones?” 
“These gemstones are really from Evercrest. You have to consider my travel costs too,” the owner, Robert Lott, replied.
“Sir Rathbone, you know how difficult business is getting. Why not buy an item from me, and I’ll throw in the gemstones for you? How about this aromatic sugilite charm? It’s been around for quite a few years.” 
Ronan was indeed interested in the sugilite charm. “Don’t try to fool 
me.” 
“I would never dare!” Robert exclaimed. “You’re an experienced dealer. If this charm passes through your hands and goes on auction again, its price will skyrocket!” 
Ronan took the sugilite charm and continued examining it. 
Meanwhile, Wynter grabbed about a dozen copper coins from 
Robert’s jar and played with them in her hand. “How much for the 
charm?” 
“Oh, miss, you shouldn’t ask about the price like that.” Robert smiled and immediately brought out a calculator. “Is this your first time here? 
“Yeap,” Wynter replied casually. 
“Sir Rathbone is a regular customer of mine.” Robert gestured an eight with his fingers. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “800 dollars seems a bit expensive.” 
“What do you mean 800?” Robert suddenly got a bit flustered. “Ar 
you joking with me? Look at the quality of this sugilite charm. 800 dollars? Sir Rathbone, if you don’t want to buy, you can just leave.”
Ronan quickly intervened, “My niece is young and doesn’t know much. Don’t get agitated, Mr. Lott.” 
Robert also wanted to make a sale, so he proposed, “How about this? He then gestured a six. “And I’ll throw in the Evercrest Gem for you.” 
“What about the copper coins?” Wynter asked casually. 
Chopper 341 Wynter the Expert 
Robert thought to himself that this young lady was really naive. She was asking for the least valuable items. “Sure, I’ll throw them in. Take your pick. But next time you come to Panzarath, make sure not to do this again.” 
“Okay,” Wynter replied with a faint smile. 
Ronan thought the sugilite charm was quite good. He knew he could. make around ten thousand dollars in profit from it, so he went ahead and paid for it. 
As soon as the two finished their transaction, Robert watched as Wynter pulled out a flashlight and began shining it on the copper coins she had received as a gift. 
He was shocked that a young lady who didn’t know anything knew to use a flashlight to inspect items. This was something only experts in their circle knew about. Robert was dumbfounded and turned to 
Ronan. 
Ronan also looked bewildered. “A flashlight?” 
“Oh, it’s for inspecting goods,” Wynter explained casually and showe him the coin. “Sometimes, you can’t see certain things in natural light Wolf, pass me the blade and oil.”
Wolf immediately unzipped a black bag and handed over the 
professional equipment. 
Wynter carefully pressed the blade against the rusty back of the 
copper coin, and the rust peeled away to reveal its true face. The coin 
gleamed with a bright, yellowish glow. It was clearly a rare and 
valuable item. 
Chap 341 Wynter the Expert 
Robert’s eyes widened in astonishment, and he exclaimed, “A lucky 
token! That’s a lucky token!”
###chapter342
Chapter 342 Wynter Makes Money in an Instant 
The lucky token, also known as a lucky coin, was an ancient coin. used by the common folk for luck. Its origin dated back to 200 years ago, and they were extremely rare on the market nowadays. 
Wynter’s acquisition of this coin was undeniably remarkable. 
When Robert exclaimed, all the nearby vendors gathered around. 
“It’s really a lucky token! Oh my! Miss, you’re so lucky!” 
Some vendors directly approached Wynter. “Young lady, can I buy the 
coin from you? I’ll offer five thousand dollars.” 
“Five thousand dollars? Don’t bluff her. This is worth at least 60 
thousand dollars!” 
“60 thousand dollars? Don’t listen to them, young lady. I’ll offer 200 
thousand dollars!” 
Seeing this situation, Robert regretted his decision. He had given. 
away the lucky token as a gift. He even said that Wynter knew nothing. 
Ronan claimed that she was his niece, but she was definitely an 
expert.
Robert was desperate. “300 thousand dollars! Miss, I gave it to you as a gift. It’s only fair that you sell it back to me. You can make a 300 
thousand dollar profit without losing anything.” 
“Mr. Lott, don’t forget the rules of Panzarath. Transactions are based on mutual agreement. The highest bidder wins. Young lady, I can give 
Chopper 242 Wynter Makes Money man Instant 
you 350 thousand dollars!” 
350 thousand dollars? Despite being the center of attention, Wynter 
maintained a calm smile on her face. 
Meanwhile, Ronan was somewhat stunned. Wynter had made more 
money in an instant than he had in a month of work. He knew about 
lucky tokens, but Wynter’s eye for items was simply exceptional. 
“How about we sell it?” Ronan’s eyes sparkled as he gazed at that 
copper coin. 
Wynter chuckled. “Uncle Ronan, have you forgotten? I came here this time to pray for Grandpa. I don’t plan to sell this lucky token.” 
Disappointed murmurs spread through the crowd. 
“She’s not selling?”
“Well, if I had it, I wouldn’t sell it either. I’ll take a gamble. Maybe it’ll 
appreciate over time.” 
“Oh, please. There aren’t many things that appreciate nowadays. Except perhaps items from the war era.” 
“That young lady will regret it if she doesn’t sell it now. It’s actually not worth much. Maybe just three or four thousand dollars.” 
Despite their dismissive words, they showed no intention of leaving. Their eyes were still fixed on the copper coin in Wynter’s hand. 
They hoped she would come to her senses. It was over 300 thousand dollars they were talking about. That wasn’t a small sum. 
Wynter paid no attention to the negative comments. She focused on 
Chap 342 Wynter Makes Money man instant 
her task and started to clean the second copper coin with the blade. 
As the second coin was revealed, everyone present gasped in shock. 
“Is that a coin from the 1700s?” 
“Miss, you should buy lottery tickets with your luck. This is 
unbelievable!”
But it didn’t end there. Wynter continued to clean the coins, revealing 
coins from three different eras. 
The vendors were stunned, forgetting about their businesses and focusing solely on Wynter. Their m*uths hung open wider and wider. 
“T- That is an Epoch Collection!” 
“No wonder she didn’t want to sell her coins. She’s assembling an Epoch Collection!” 
“Oh my God! I’ve heard my great-grandpa talk about this, but it’s my 
first time seeing it!” 
Some younger vendors who were unfamiliar asked, “Epoch 
Collection? What’s that?” 
“The Epoch Collection refers to coins from five different eras, each representing pivotal moments in history. They’re considered to possess a tangible link to our ancestors’ achievements and cultural legacy. I can’t believe I’m actually looking at the Epoch Collection.” 
“Then they must be very valuable.” 
“Valuable? It’s more than just valuable. Completing an Epoch 
Collection is no easy task!”
###chapter343
Chapter 343 Ronan Became Wynter’s Fan 
“Those who possess the Epoch Collection will have limitless wealth 
flowing toward them. These coins gather the luck of our ancestors!” 
Upon hearing this, everyone immediately turned their attention to 
Wynter, eagerly clamoring. 
“Young lady, are you selling this Epoch Collection?” 
“I’ll offer one million dollars!” 
“Two million dollars! Young lady, look at me. I’m a businessman. really need this Epoch Collection!” 
Although the crowd had been excited before, now, half the market had gathered around. 
Nearby, Darrell was seeing off some guests. Seeing the commotion, 
he casually asked, “What are all the fuss and commotion about?” 
“A young lady has assembled an Epoch Collection. It’s unbelievab 
A young lady? Logan was intrigued. “Could it be the young lady M Rathbone brought along?” 
Chad glanced coldly at the crowd. “Regardless of who it is, that is just hype. What do you think the Epoch Collection is? You can’t just assemble it so easily. If there really was an Epoch Collection, 
wouldn’t the vendor keep it for themselves?” 
Logan looked aloof. “What if?”
“I think you’re missing the basics of market economics.” Chad 
Chapter 313 Ronan Became Wynter’s Fan 
adjusted his suit jacket. “Forget about handling company matters. You can’t even tell that it’s just a trick to attract people.” 
Logan seemed unconcerned. “I never intended to work for the company. Grandpa said it himself. You’re in charge of the business. I’ll just play the part of the idle heir. 
“Sometimes, Grandpa is just disappointed in you.” Chad looked at Logan. “Don’t worry. I’ll take care of you.” 
Logan shrugged. “I’m not worried about anything.” 
“You’re spoiling Logan, Chad,” Sean said. “By the way, what do you 
think about the situation across the street, Mr. Novak?” 
Darrell smiled faintly. “Mr. Chad has already said what I wanted to. Finding a complete Epoch Collection is too difficult. I do have copper coins in my collection. All these years, I’ve traveled far and wide and only managed to gather three, and they’re all from the recent era. 
“Anyone who owns copper coins here must be older than me. There are plenty of experts in Panzarath with keen eyes. If there truly were an Epoch Collection, someone would have recognized it by now. 
“It’s tough to do business now, so this kind of excitement isn’t a bad thing. At least it ensures that the vendors have customers to engage 
with.”
His words not only elevated Chad’s stature but also hinted that the excitement was a performance aimed at attracting visitors and generating buzz. Previously, such methods had been effective. 
However, what Darrell didn’t know was that it was the vendors who 
wanted the Epoch Collection this time. 
Chap 143 Ronan Became Wynter’s Fan 
Back at the market, Wynter politely but firmly declined, “Sorry, everyone. I’m gathering this collection for my grandpa. I’ll seek you. out if I come across any other items in the future.” 
The vendors, upon seeing her composed demeanor and respectful 
refusal, softened their attitudes. 
They even gave a thumbs-up to Ronan, saying, “Sir Rathbone, your niece is really nice.” 
“She has such poise at such a young age.” Some tried to build 
connections with Ronan. “Sir Rathbone, you see, I often give your 
discounts. If your niece really has good items, remember to come to 
me first. I’ll offer a fair price.” 
Ronan couldn’t describe his emotions at this moment.
Originally, Fabian had arranged for him to accompany Wynter, fearing that she might be deceived in unfamiliar territory. 
The concern was not about paying too much money for the item by 
about receiving counterfeit items. 
Previously, Tobias had come with Ronan fully disguised and with on his eyes visible to avoid being recognized by fans. 
Of course, the young lady adopted by the Quinnell family had also been here before. After all, she was considered an expert in this field, 
with excellent appraisal skills. 
But even she wasn’t as impressive as Wynter.
###chapter344
Chapter 344 The Antiques Expert 
Assembling an Epoch Collection was just unbelievable. Even if an archaeologist came, they wouldn’t necessarily be able to pick them. 
out. 
After all, Robert had that jar of copper coins sitting around for five or 
six years. Countless people had come and gone, and sometimes he couldn’t even give those copper coins away as gifts. 
Those who came to browse items only cared about the prices. Who 
would be interested in these rusty copper coins? But Wynter hit the 
jackpot. 
Robert’s heart was hurting the most. Looking at the jar, he pulled on 
his hair and exclaimed, “I was really blind!” 
For so many years, he didn’t even know that he had something so valuable at home. Robert was choked up with regret, and his eyes 
turned red. 
He was distraught that he had let go of something worth several 
million dollars for just six thousand, and they were included as part of a gift. The more Robert thought about it, the more he couldn’t breathe.
Just as he thought he was going to suffocate from the pain, Wynter 
suddenly spoke up. 
“Mr. Lott, this jar was a candle jar, right? It looks quite old too. It was 
likely collected from the same place as the copper coins I picked out. 
She was clearly passing a message. 
If Robert didn’t understand this, then he truly was foolish. “Y- Yes. 
Clupp 341 The Antiques Expert 
Yes! It was collected from the same place. My ancestors used it in 
the past.” 
“It should have been used in front of a guardian angel.” Wynter smiled 
faintly. 
Robert’s face was full of shock at her words. “How did you know?” 
“There are some candle wax on these coins,” Wynter said. 
Then she tapped the candle jar with her fingertips. “The guardian 
angel watches over the family and brings them luck. Fewer people 
believe in it now, but having a candle jar that was once lit for the 
guardian angel is truly a treasure. You’re quite lucky, Mr. Lott.”
Robert felt a surge of emotion. “You figured it out and didn’t try to 
take it from me?” 
“I’m praying for my family’s safety, so ten copper coins and one 
charm are enough.” Wynter smiled gently. “There are still over 20 
copper coins here.” 
There was no need to go into further detail. The vendors rushed up 
a frenzy at once. 
“Mr. Lott, we’re quite close, aren’t we? You should sell these copper 
coins to me!” 
“Sell them to me! Name your price. Ten thousand dollars each, okay?” 
“I’ll offer 500 thousand dollars for the candle jar, Mr. Lott!” 
Seeing this, Ronan also joined in. “Mr. Lott, my niece was the one who recognized the candle jar. Sell it to me. I’ll offer one million dollars! I’ll offer another 500 thousand dollars for the copper coins!” 
Chap: 344 The Antiques Expert 
1.5 million dollars! Robert could earn 1.5 million dollars just for a 
neglected item. 
He was tempted but didn’t agree. “I’ll only sell five copper coins for 20 thousand dollars each. I won’t sell the candle jar.”
“Why are you keeping the candle jar?” Ronan was anxious. 
Robert glanced at Wynter. “To remind myself that family is more important.” It was clear that Robert was very grateful to Wynter. 
Normally, knowledgeable buyers would want to buy everything. Many small vendors sometimes regretted sales so deeply that it affected 
their mental health. 
But Wynter was saving him with her words earlier. She left him the 
items and made his business thrive. 
Out of gratitude, he brought out all the Evercrest Gems he had in the 
stall. “Take your time and pick. This batch is of excellent quality. I’ll 
give them to you.” 
“It’s okay. Just charge me the market price.” Wynter signaled fo 
to pay. “One thousand dollars apiece.” 
Robert refused to accept anything. “Just let Sir Rathbone bring you often. Your advice will benefit me greatly.” 
“You’re exaggerating, Mr. Lott.” Wynter took a red string from his stall. 
“I’ll take this as your token of gratitude. May you have a booming 
business.”
As Wynter left, countless vendors surrounded Robert. 
Chapter 344 The Antiques Expert 
Some vendors even said directly, “Mr. Lott, whatever that young lady 
saw and wanted just now, I want the same!”
###chapter345
Chapter 345 Ronan Is in Awe 
The crowd was overwhelming. Ronan looked at the unprecedented scene before him. His shoes had been stepped on several times, and 
even his collar was askew. 
After straightening it, he still felt reluctant. “Ms. Quinnell, are we really leaving like this? If you want that candle jar, Mr. Lott will definitely 
give it to you.” 
“The candle jar used for the guardian angel is meant for the family that worships it.” Wynter strung the Epoch Collection with a red string and placed it in her bag. 
Smiling, she said, “Uncle Ronan, we can’t covet others’ blessings. It may backfire. Plus, Mr. Lott is a good person. His items are all genuine.” 
Although his items were pricey, they were not fake. It was reasonable. 
After listening to her, Ronan rubbed his head. “I thought you would think I’m getting ripped off by always buying from him. His prices are clearly higher.” 
“Nowadays, good items are scarce, and there aren’t many real businesspeople left in the circle.” Wynter was smart and naturally saw through things. 
“You were born here and don’t want to see it decline. After all, our 
ancestors’ things used to go out from here. You just want to keep as much as you can.” 
Ronan paused at her words. He had been in Panzarath since birth.
Changer 345 Roman is in Awe 
When his grandfather was alive, he was most concerned about items 
that were sold outside of Panzarath. 
Ronan couldn’t afford to buy them back himself, but he wanted to 
make sure that the folks in Panzarath who dealt with antiques could still make a living. That way, the aesthetics of their ancestors’ 
generation would not be lost. 
What he hadn’t expected was that Wynter would see through his thoughts. 
Others thought he was just a wasteful prodigal son who relied on his ancestors’ money. 
Ronan looked at Wynter and smiled. “Ms. Quinnell, I’ve offended you in many ways before. I hope you can forgive me. Now I finally understand why Mr. Quinnell values you so much. 
“To be honest, I had some initial prejudices against you. Mainly because, as you can see, everything in Panzarath is based on circles. 
If you don’t know enough, you can only integrate slowly. 
“But I was too narrow-minded before. With your knowledge and demeanor, you don’t need to integrate into any circle.” 
Ronan was very pleased now. “You really resemble Mr. Quinnell when he was young. It’s right for him to hand over the company to you. I 
agree with that.”
“The company?” Wynter rubbed her wrist. “I don’t plan to take over. 
But we can talk about that later.” 
As she spoke, she raised her hand and handed one of the copper 
coins strung on a red string to Ronan. “Here, this is a Xerton coin. It 
T 
doesn’t look very nice, but wearing it can attract wealth.” 
Ronan didn’t expect to have one himself. His eyes widened, and he quickly waved his hand. “No! I can’t accept this, Ms. Quinnell. This is too valuable.” 
“Valuable? This is just a replica. It’s not as expensive as you think.” Wynter stuffed the coin into his pocket. 
Ronan wanted to say something more, but then he noticed Wynter still focused on cleaning the coins as if nothing had happened. 
With some slight pressure on the knife handle, the last remaining copper coin revealed a lotus shape. 
t didn’t look like part of the Epoch Collection. This one exuded a calm feeling, more like an artifact of a religion. 
Ronan stared and asked, “What is that, Ms. Quinnell?” 
“A little toy,” Wynter replied. She strung the copper coin with the red string and paired it with a bell before putting it on Wolf’s wrist.
Puzzled, Wolf stared at the thing on his wrist, shaking it back and forth. He was asking if this thing was supposed to keep him from 
going crazy. 
“For now. I’ll change it for you when I find something more suitable.” Wynter caressed his head and smiled faintly. “But even if you do go crazy, it’s okay. I’m here.”
###chapter346
Chapter 346 Wynter’s Fortune Telling Skill 
Wolf nodded and then shook the bell again with a smile. He seemed 
to really like the bracelet. 
However, Wynter’s eyes darkened significantly. She was someone 
who never believed that people were inherently good or evil. The 
scariest thing wasn’t demons. It was the human heart. 
Since she had taken Wolf in, she would continue to take care of him. 
All she needed to do was avoid provoking this glutton. Wynter 
pinched Wolf’s smooth face. 
Suddenly, Wolf remembered something and gestured with his hand. 
That guy is going to die. I could smell it.” 
“Everyone has their destiny. Let’s see if he goes street racing today.” 
Previously, Wynter couldn’t tell someone’s future from their face at a 
glance. She could only analyze it based on facial features. It was a method Atwater had taught her for physiognomy. 
There was a saying in physiognomy, “A person with a round nose is 
usually good-natured”. Although it couldn’t identify the person’s
nature with 100% accuracy, it was usually quite accurate. 
If a person committed too many evil deeds, it would be reflected in 
their facial features. That was the law of nature and something that 
couldn’t be concealed. 
But today was the first time Wynter had encountered something like this. By the time she tried to take a closer look, there was nothing left for her to see. 
Chapple 340 Wynter’s Fortune Telling Skoll 
She analyzed the rest based on the tarot card that Logan drew. He 
was at risk of bloodshed. 
Wolf tilted his head, gesturing again. “Something’s wrong with you today.” 
“I’ve recovered some instincts.” Wynter wasn’t sure if it was related to 
her finding her biological family, or if it was because she had returned 
to Kingbourne. 
Atwater had said before that she should return to Kingbourne sooner and that Kingbourne was where she should be, but she had forgotten. 
Wynter played with the purple sugilite pendant around her waist. “But something is still missing.” 
When Abel found what she called “the thing underground “, perhaps
then she would understand what Atwater meant. 
Ronan felt that the conversation was a bit strange, but couldn’t 
pinpoint where the problem laid. “Ms. Quinnell, are you saying that Mr. Logan will really be in trouble?” 
While fortune telling was quite common, it wasn’t quite like how Wynter did it. 
Ronan was genuinely worried. “Ms. Quinnell, weren’t you just scaring 
him?” 
“I was.” Wynter kept the Evercrest Gems in her bag and smiled faintly. 
“Uncle Ronan, pay attention to the news tomorrow. I’m taking Wolf to 
visit the Quinnell residence.” 
Ronan was about to say something to send them off when an SUV 
Charge 346 Wynters Fortune Telling Skill 
with the Yarwood family’s license plate pulled up. 
The driver opened the door respectfully. “Mrs. Yarwood, Mr. Yarwood is working late at the company, so he sent us to pick you up.” 
Ronan was taken aback when he heard “Mrs. Yarwood”. Suddenly, he 
was at a loss for how to react.
Wasn’t there a rumor that Dalton wasn’t happy with this marriage? He only agreed due to pressure from the older generation and to avoid feeling indebted to the Quinnell family. 
And didn’t Dalton even try to call off the engagement personally? But somehow, it didn’t work out in the end. Ronan thought this was just a typical family alliance. 
But now, thinking back to Wynter’s text and Dalton’s reaction, along with the arrival of the Yarwood family’s personal vehicle, wasn’t this telling the world that she was his fiancée? 
Ronan was dumbfounded. He didn’t remember Dalton being this kind 
of person. 
Everyone in Kingbourne knew that Dalton was hard to win over. He had a way of making others feel like he was out of their league, for he emitted an air that kept people at a distance. 
Ronan wanted to gossip. “Ms. Quinnell, your relationship with Mr. Yarwood seems different from the rumors.” 
“What are the rumors ?” Wynter, who was about to get into the car, suddenly became interested.
###chapter347
Chapter 347 Her Dreams Were Coming True 
“It’s just gossip,” Ronan replied. 
Wynter smiled and said, “It sounds like it’s not a flattering rumor then.” 
Ronan sighed helplessly. “The rumors circulating in these circles tend 
to be like that.” 
“Such as?” Wynter smirked, intrigued. 
Though she really didn’t mind, Ronan still wanted to give her a heads- 
1. 
“The version I heard is that you were brought back from the village 
and everyone thought you wouldn’t amount to much. They said you 
were definitely not worthy of Mr. Yarwood. 
“He had already rejected you, but you kept pursuing him, and that’s why the engagement wasn’t canceled.” 
“That’s pretty close to what I thought,” Wynter said with a playful 
in her eyes. 
All the scenes from her dreams were gradually coming true. Wynt 
remembered vividly that the first step toward ruining her in her
dreams was these rumors. 
“Close to what you thought?” Ronan was dumbfounded. “Why are you 
even thinking about these things?” It would be depressing to think. 
about them. 
Wynter casually replied, “It’s only natural to imagine what people are 
Chap 347 The Deane, Were Coming Tru 
saying about you when you’re new to a place.” 
The Yarwood family’s driver couldn’t stand it anymore. “Mrs. 
Yarwood, rest assured. I’ll report these rumors to Mr. Yarwood, and 
he’ll handle them. No one can slander you.” 
Didn’t the outsiders know that Dalton had feelings for Wynter? He had 
finally opened up to someone. How dare these people spread 
nonsense like this before they were officially married? 
Wynter chuckled. “There’s no need for that. It has nothing to do with 
him.” 
This was the norm in their circles. Even if she were engaged to Logan 
instead of Dalton, the rumors would spread in the same way. Dalton
just attracted more attention.. 
The driver wasn’t joking. “Mr. Yarwood will blame himself. He has 
always instructed us to protect you well.” 
Ronan listened in astonishment. “The world is really full of surprises. 
Even Mr. Ernest has someone he wants to protect?” 
Just as he was muttering to himself, he received a message on his 
phone. 
“I’ll treat you to dinner another day-Dalton.” 
Ronan swallowed nervously. Although he was affiliated with Fabian, someone of his status still wouldn’t normally have contact with this 
scion of Kingbourne. 
Ronan quickly replied to the message. “Mr. Yarwood? You’re too kind.” 
The response came quickly. “It’s only right. My fiancée had a great 
Chapter 347 Her Dreams Were Coming True 
time shopping, thanks to you.” 
So this was all for Wynter? When Ronan looked up again, his eyes. 
were filled with shock. Wynter didn’t know what was going on with
him. She just waved casually through the car window. 
Ronan parted his l*ps, about to ask something else, when another 
message popped up on his phone. 
“I have a question for you. What happened with the Winstons to 
today?” 
Ronan immediately typed a response. However, Dalton was faster. 
“Sir Rathbone, can you take a call?” 
Ronan replied, “Of course!” 
As soon as he sent his message, the call came through. Dalton’s 
voice was polite. 
“Sir Rathbone, sorry to bother you. It’s just that my fiancée is young 
and new to Kingbourne. She doesn’t have any connections or friends, 
so she’s easily bullied. I’d like to know what happened.” 
“No bother at all.” Ronan straightened up. 
Dalton’s voice turned cold after he cleared his throat. “I’m not sure 
how much you know about me, but I believe in an eye for an eye.”
Ronan thought to himself that it would be more like a bomb than an 
eye. After all, if someone crossed Dalton, their businesses would be 
ruined. 
“The Winstons were very disrespectful to Ms. Quinnell.” Ronant 
immediately expressed his allegiance without hesitation. “Mr. Logan 
Chap 1 347 Her Dreams Were Coming True 
was fine, but Mr. Chad needs to be taught a lesson.” 
Chung + H2 Dalton: A fully a Hopeless Romunte
###chapter348
Chapter 348 Dalton Is Actually a Hopeless Romantic 
Ronan apologized to the Winstons in his mind. It wasn’t that he was oblivious, but Dalton spoke of retribution while maintaining a polite 
demeanor. 
The stark contrast left Ronan feeling a chill down his spine. Suddenly, he wasn’t sure if it was a good thing for Wynter to marry a man like 
this. 
At this moment, Dalton’s voice softened again. “Mr. Quinnell must 
have had his reasons for asking you to show her around. Please assist her if she needs anything.” 
Ronan responded quickly, “Even if you hadn’t called, I would have 
been willing to help Ms. Quinnell. It’s an honor for me to meet her.” 
The Xerton coin in his pocket felt conspicuous. He had accompanied many people on shopping trips in Panzarath. 
Who cared about those old rules nowadays? Some people, like Naom 
and Shane, treated him like a servant and expected him to cater to 
them. 
Today, for the first time, Ronan felt that being an external member of the Quinnell family wasn’t so bad.
Previously Fabian, and now Wynter. While businesspeople often pursued profit, Ronan admired and devoted himself to those who 
would leave behind lasting value. 
Dalton seemed surprised by Ronan’s response. Ronan’s information was on Dalton’s desk. Ronan was on good terms with all the 
napper 248 Dalten to Actually a Hopeless Romantic 
aristocratic families in Kingbourne. They were considered his 
employers. 
He smiled at everyone and spoke kindly, but it was hard to have him. 
open up. 
As long as there was no personal gain involved, he could betray anyone at any time. Only Fabian could truly connect with him. 
Ronan had never openly declared his support for anyone before. But now, he was backing Wynter. It seemed Wynter had once again done 
something unexpected. 
Smiling, Dalton tapped his long fingers on the desk. “Sorry for overstepping. I’m relieved that you think that way. With you by her side, she won’t be left alone if any conflicts arise.”
“But I don’t think Ms. Quinnell feels alone at all,” Ronan couldn’t help but comment when he noticed how engaging the legendary scion was. “She didn’t seem to care about the rumors circulating in our 
circles.” 
Dalton’s fingers paused, and then he asked slowly, “What rumors?” 
Ronan repeated what he had told Wynter earlier. Upon hearing his words, Dalton’s eyes turned cold, and his grip on his pen tightened. The scarlet rosary bracelet on his wrist seemed to glisten like blood. 
This was the scene Franklin witnessed when he entered the room. He had never seen Dalton like this before. The air around him was chilling as if he were about to do something dreadful at any moment. 
Then Franklin heard Dalton say on the phone, “You can spread a fact.” 
Ronan was puzzled. “What?” 
Chapter 348 Dalton Is Actually a Hopeless Romantic 
“I pursued her. She ignored my affection and denied my advances,” Dalton said, still smiling as he spoke. “The wedding date depends on 
her mood.” 
Ronan was shocked. This wasn’t a fact. If this were to get out in their 
circles, it would be like dropping a bomb. 
“No one would believe you if you said that.”
It was quite outlandish. After all, Dalton had the kind of face that suggested he didn’t need to pursue others. 
But now, he was claiming that Wynter had rejected his advances. That seemed too far-fetched, even for the rumor mill. 
Dalton looked up and took the contract from Franklin’s hand while. saying calmly, “Sir Rathbone, feel free to spread this. I’ll affirm it later. 
Let’s see who doesn’t believe it.” 
Ronan and Franklin were left speechless. 
1
###chapter349
Chapter 349 Dalton’s Decision Changed the Winston Family 
At night, the Winston brothers returned to the hillside villa. The 
wealthy often sought places with a good environment to reside. 
Although the Winstons usually stayed together, Chad and Logan had 
their own residences. Clyde had always found Logan displeasing, and Logan didn’t want to return home and upset anyone. 
Oddly, this time Clyde praised him, “How did you get to know that 
young man from the Yarwood family?” 
The Yarwood family? Who? Logan had his head bowed and was 
picking at his fingernails. He lifted his face upon hearing Clyde’s 
words. “What?” 
Seeing him act this way, the busy Clyde felt a surge of anger. But he 
suppressed it and asked again, “Do you know Dalton well?” 
“Not really.” Logan was puzzled. “He’s such a legendary person. Even 
Chad doesn’t know him, let alone someone like me.” 
Standing beside him, Chad glanced at him before saying, “Grandpa, 
did something happen? Why are you suddenly asking that?”
“He called me this afternoon and mentioned he wants to befriend 
Logan because of Logan’s straightforward nature.” 
Clyde looked at Logan. “Whatever the reason you got close, entertain 
him during the reception banquet. You’re peers, after all. Interacting 
with him won’t hurt.” 
Logan pointed at himself with widened eyes. “Grandpa, are you sure 
Chap 349 Dalton’s Decision Changed the Winston Family 
Charger 
Mr. Yarwood was praising me and not Chad?” 
Clyde chuckled. “I’d rather he praise Chad. I could worry a little less 
then.” 
“That’s strange,” Logan muttered to himself. He hadn’t noticed that 
Chad’s lowered gaze was slowly darkening. 
Clyde knew their personalities well. Although they were half-siblings, 
their personalities were completely different.
Logan was the legitimate son of the Winston family, whereas Chad was illegitimate. However, no one else knew about this. The Winston family didn’t allow such scandals. 
Clyde was pleased with Chad’s ideas and strategies. He believed that Chad had the endurance and understanding to do what was best for 
the Winston family. 
Logan, however, had neither achievement nor ambition. Such a person wasn’t suitable for the Winston family. Hence, Clyde had already chosen his successor a long time ago. 
Plus, Chad always took care of Logan, and the two were as close as 
real brothers. 
Clyde naturally felt at ease. As long as his son’s mistress didn’t have any other intentions, the Winston family would eventually belong to Chad. Chad understood this as well. 
Upon leaving, he asked Logan with a smile, “When did you meet Mr. 
Yarwood? I had no idea.” 
“I met him when I was with Tobias.” Logan was also pondering this. ” He’s always been good to the Quinnell family. I think he considers. 
Chappé 349 Daltons Decision Changed the Winston Family 
Tobias his brother. We exchanged a few words at that time.” 
It was really just a few words. One of them was Logan asking Dalton. if he wanted tea. Logan wanted to say beer, but given Dalton’s cool
and noble demeanor, he decided to stick to tea. 
Dalton shook his head and coughed lightly. “It’s fine.” 
At that time, Logan had been thinking that even though they were in 
the same circle, there were differences between them. 
hey were 
Dalton was only three or four years older than them. While they street racing, he was already sitting by the floor-to-ceiling window, attending international conferences. Logan truly admired and feared 
Dalton. 
As Chad watched Logan’s expressive face, he knew Logan was also 
puzzled. “Since Grandpa has entrusted you with entertaining Mr. 
Yarwood, let’s see how it goes when the time comes.”
###chapter350
Chapter 350 Wynter Saved Logan 
Logan had never attended a formal reception banquet before. He 
usually hung out with his cronies. His main goal at such banquets 
was to avoid embarrassing himself. 
With Chad, his outstanding brother, standing in front, he didn’t need to 
do much. 
This time, Logan was somewhat anxious. “Maybe you should do it, 
Chad. You know I’m not good at these things.” 
Chad took out his phone, seemingly indifferent. “Mr. Yarwood wants to befriend you. I shouldn’t be the one entertaining him.” 
“How about we stick together? You can remind me of what to watch. 
out for,” Logan suggested. 
Chad put away his phone. “Let’s decide when the time comes. You know I’m here to spend time with Naomi.” 
“Chad, didn’t that young lady say today that she already has feelings for someone else?” Logan advised. “And since Mr. Yarwood is coming, why bother gifting her anything? I don’t think it’s necessary. 
Chad looked at him. “I’m happy to do that. Mr. Quinnell Senior’s
biological granddaughter has returned, and Naomi might feel. awkward. Someone needs to be by her side. You don’t really believe 
the words of that charlatan, do you? 
Chad sighed heavily. “I didn’t tell Grandpa today, but you should know he has always respected Mr. Novak. Speaking rudely to him for a charlatan today was a serious mistake.” 
Chap 350 Wynter Saved Logan 
Logan restrained himself, but still couldn’t help but say, “Chad, haven’t you noticed that since Grandpa met Mr. Novak, some of his decisions. have become more and more unreasonable?” 
Instantly, Chad covered Logan’s m*uth. “It’s fine to say that in front of 
me, but don’t say it to anyone else.” 
Logan understood. He felt stifled. If he could, he’d rather not return. 
home. 
“Alright. If you’re annoyed, go out for a drive. Isn’t Tobias back in 
Kingbourne?” Chad said calmly. 
“The Quinnells are really interesting. Naomi has been in Kingbourne 
for many years, but Tobias has never come back. He always says that 
he’s busy. But now that his new sister is back, suddenly he’s not so
busy anymore.” 
“Chad, don’t you think that sounds a bit strange?” Logan usually wouldn’t argue with Chad, but today his patience was wearing thin. 
“Naomi is a sponsee of the Quinnell family, but the one who returned 
is their blood relative. Why does it matter if she’s new?” 
Chad chuckled. “Alright, alright. I know you’re close to Tobias and don’t like hearing me speak ill of him.” 
“That’s not the point!” Logan sometimes couldn’t stand Chad’s self- righteousness. 
“Except for Mr. Shane, everyone else in the Quinnell family is against. 
adopting Naomi. Tobias even had a falling out with you last time over 
this. You shouldn’t disregard his concern for his biological sister just 
because you like Naomi. That’s really odd.” 
Chad clearly didn’t expect Logan to react so strongly Chuckling, he said, “What’s wrong with you? I was just saving 
“Dever mind” Logan felt restless” 
go out for a drive “After saving 
that, he went to the garage and drove his sports car out
His mond improved after feeling the night bronze on his face: Once Logan felt better, the heat thing he and was open his group chat and Joods for people in his circle to hang out with 
chatting with Bloomi 
But as soon as he opened it, he saw people chatting 
That was fine, but someone ever and, “Hanmi, don’t worry: You know can blend) in, especially someone from the 
tus dude Flat just anve 
uuddenly, Logan fost interest. 
At this moment, someone mention him “and lamingt ogan, hurry up We’re all walling for you We’re placing a big hast today!
###chapter351
Chapter 351 He Would’ve Been Dead If Not for Wynter 
Logan had intended to go, but there was a sudden traffic jam ahead. In the past, he would have definitely 
taken a shortcut to go street racing. 
But today, the more Logan looked at that group chat, the more annoyed he felt. When the traffic finally cleared, he suddenly remembered what Wynter had warned him about. 
Logan opened his phone and replied in the group chat, “You guys have fun. I have a headache. Let’s meet another day.” 
After sending the message, he turned around and went back home. Perhaps everything today was just too strange. Logan himself felt that his decision was somewhat funny too. But after returning to his place, he thought it over. 
If he had really gone today, they would have ended up conspiring together to teach Wynter a lesson. After all, Tobias wasn’t in the group. But Logan didn’t have any strong opinions about Wynter. 
That was just how the circle worked. If she could stay in the circle, good for her. If she couldn’t, she shouldn’t force it. He wasn’t a saint, but he didn’t want to kick someone when they were down. 
But just as he was about to turn off the lights and lie down, his phone suddenly rang urgently. 
It was his friend who had just invited him, Damien Cote. “Where are you? Oh my God! We’re in big trouble this time, Logan! What do we do?” 
“Calm down!” Logan immediately sat up. “What happened?”
He could hear the howling wind on the other end of the phone, accompanied by a low roar. 17uddenly turned foggy. We’ve been very careful, but this damn mountain road…” 
Logan’s heart skipped a beat at those words. “I- Is someone hurt?” 
“Denny fell off! We didn’t know there weren’t any guardrails ahead. And there’s also a car… There’s a pregnant woman in it…” 
Before Damien could finish, Logan was drenched in cold sweat. Denny often competed with him for first place. If he had gone today, he would definitely have fallen off the mountain with Denny. 
“A pregnant woman? What pregnant woman?” Logan’s hands were shaking. 
Damien was also trembling all over. “Denny had been drinking and drove too fast. You know him. W- We 
didn’t want…“ 
“Explain yourself clearly!” Logan’s throat was hoarse. “Did you guys bully someone again?” 
“No! Really no. We just bumped them a little with our car. My family is here. I’ll call you again.” 
Logan’s heart sank as he listened. What did he mean? Did they hit a pregnant woman? And Damien’s family was there? Were they trying to cover this up with connections? 
The more Logan thought about it, the more confused he became. His decision not to go was impulsive. 
Chupte: 351 H. Would’ve Been Danast Not for WinRET 
Logan couldn’t believe how things could’ve turned out if he had gone. 
A pregnant woman? Feeling anxious, Logan’s first reaction was to contact Chad.
Chad’s first words were, “Make sure no one else knows. I’ll come over.” 
“I’m not there!” Logan clenched his fist with one hand. “Damien called me.” 
After a pause, Chad said, “You’re lucky that you didn’t go. Take screenshots of the chat. The situation on the mountain isn’t your concern. Since Damien is there, the Cote family will handle it.” 
“What about the pregnant woman?” Logan’s voice trembled. 
Chad said meaningfully, “That’s the Cote family’s matter. You don’t need to get involved.” 
Shouldn’t they have called an ambulance first? Logan wanted to scream at someone, but he knew it 
wouldn’t help. 
Chad’s words represented the Winston family, and Clyde had always told Logan to learn from Chad. Some people tended to make enemies easily in the circle, just like him. But… this was a matter of life! 
Logan grabbed his hair, thinking over and over. 
Finally, he wrapped his head, put on a mask, and ran downstairs. He found a public phone and dialed a 
number. “Hello, 911?” 
1
###chapter352

Chapter 352 Changing the Layout of the Quinnell Residence
After finishing the phone call, Logan returned home feeling completely drained. He didn't know who he could share his feelings with now.
He had thought about calling his dad, but his dad would just scold him. "What nonsense. Can't you learn from Chad?"
Feeling suffocated, Logan sent a message to Tobias on WhatsApp. "Bro, can we chat?"
His reply came quickly. "I'm busy. I'm looking for my sister."
Logan was puzzled. "Isn't your sister already back?"
Tobias, who was wearing sunglasses, was huddled in a corner. "She's back, but I dare not go home. You know my grandpa. He frowns whenever he sees me."
Logan immediately suggested, "Then come to my place. You're a celebrity. Don't wander outside. Watch out for scandals."
Tobias was resolute. "No. I want to know who my sister is."
After chatting for a while, Logan felt much better, so he recounted everything that happened earlier.
Tobias' expression changed dramatically. "Did you call an ambulance?"
Logan nodded. "I did."
Tobias breathed a sigh of relief. "That's good. Human life matters the most. But that lady you mentioned is impressive. I had no idea Ronan was acquainted with someone like her. Introduce me some time. Luck plays a big role in our line of work."
"I should thank her," Logan said with lingering fear.
Tobias agreed. "She did save your life. As for the accident, if the Cote family really wants to cover it up, I'll go with you to the police."
Logan laughed. "Go with me to the police with your superstar identity? Forget it. If something really happens, I'll report it myself."
He suddenly saw the light. No entanglement in the circle was more important than human life.
Dalton had never mingled in their circle, but his abilities alone commanded respect. The same applied to Tobias, who succeeded without relying on the Quinnell family's influence.
This near-death experience prompted him to consider changing his ways.
At the same time, at the Quinnell residence, Fabian was delighted to see Wynter arrive with Wolf. He ordered the chef to prepare a meat-heavy meal, including some freshly grilled lamb chops.
Wolf eagerly watched and occasionally assisted the chef by fetching items as needed.
The maids were surprised to see such a young boy in the Quinnell residence, especially when they witnessed his immense strength.
When Wynter asked him to move something, he picked it up and carried it away immediately. Even the stone sculptures in the foyer were no challenge for him.
Alexis, wide-eyed, said, "Ms. Quinnell, should I call a few more people? Wolf seems-"
With a thud, Wolf placed the item down and lifted his head to look at him. Alexis rarely found himself at a loss for words, but he was speechless now.
Smiling, Wynter said, "Wolf has learned martial arts. He knows how to use his strength skillfully. You don't need to worry about him."
Alexis chuckled awkwardly. He was still smart enough to distinguish between employing strength skillfully and relying solely on brute force. Wynter only kept Wolf away from the goldfish she had brought.
Changing the layout was simple. They moved the larger furniture and added some Evercrest Gems. With this simple adjustment, light immediately flooded into the house.
Standing inside, Alexis felt the difference at once and couldn't help but be convinced. "This is quite magical."
"The previous lack of light was bad for the body," Wynter said casually. "Wolf, go walk around the yard. There's a tree over there."
Wolf immediately went out at Wynter's command.
Alexis didn't understand. "Why are you asking him to walk around the yard by himself?"
"Kids should take a walk before meals," Wynter said with a smile as she placed the goldfish into the pond.
The Quinnell family's home was indeed well-chosen.
This environment and layout originally attracted swallows, which symbolized good luck and wealth. However, an extra large tree had grown, blocking half of the house.
###chapter353
Chapter 353 Wolf Protects the House 
If the tree were a sycamore tree, it would have better symbolism. However, it was a locust tree with ivy. Over time, not only did the tree lose its vitality, but even the house’s owner would be dismayed. 
Trees like this were prone to attracting wild animals, causing unrest in the home. Having Wolf walk around the yard without carrying the copper coin could serve as a way to protect the house. 
No matter the species, they wouldn’t dare approach this place. Indeed, the maids were perplexed and whispered among themselves. 
“Why aren’t the stray cats meowing today?” 
“I don’t think they’re here today.” 
In the past, the cats would start meowing around this time. The kitchen staff would often feed them. But there was one occasion when a black cat inexplicably glared at them ferociously and even scratched 
Elliot. 
Fortunately, Elliot didn’t hold it against them or pay much attention to the incident. However, the maids. felt guilty. Elliot didn’t come back often, and when he finally came home for Christmas, he fell ill. 
Being kind–hearted sometimes wasn’t wise. The meowing cats gave them headaches. Fabian had trouble sleeping at times, and this was often the reason. 
The black cat was very fierce. Its eyes were red, and it scratched people when provoked. 
They checked online and found that it did that for self–protection. There was nothing they could do b endure it and get vaccinated if they got scratched.
The black cat did indeed arrive. It eerily entered, but suddenly froze at the next moment. Its fur stood on end, and all four legs trembled. Animal instincts were usually more sensitive than humans. 
From a distance, Wolf saw it and was about to run over. However, the black cat immediately ran away. This left Wolf feeling frustrated. He had finally found a little cutie, but why wouldn’t it play with him? 
Upset, Wolf returned to the living room and gestured to Wynter, his fair little face clearly displaying his 
frustration. 
Last night, when Wynter left, she had heard the meowing. She didn’t believe this was a good sign. A truly good cat wouldn’t harm those who fed it. That was why she brought Wolf along today. 
“Not bad,” Wynter said as she put the red string back on him. “You’ll come once a week for four consecutive weeks. After that, not even birds will enter, let alone cats.” 
Wolf thought she was praising him, so he straightened his back. “I’m a lucky star!” 
Wynter smiled. “Yes, you’re a lucky star.” 
Wolf’s self–perception was always the opposite. But he paid no mind. Upon seeing the goldfish in the pond, he wanted to go take a closer look. 
Chapte 353 Well Protects the House 
Wynter immediately pulled him back. “Your lamb chop is ready. Why don’t you go take a look?” 
Wolf immediately turned around and gestured. “I’ll cut it. I have good cutting skills.” 
“Go then,” Wynter replied casually.
After saying that, she looked outside the courtyard and tossed a copper coin into the pond. Instantly, the atmosphere in the house changed. 
Alexis found it hard to describe the feeling, and he could only stare at Wynter in shock. 
Meanwhile, Fabian hung up the phone and walked over with a smile, holding his dragon cane. 
“Wynter, Ronan told me everything. If I’m not mistaken, not only do you know fortune telling, but also appraise antiques, right?” 
you 
can 
“Yes.” Wynter didn’t hide it. “I just don’t usually do it.” 
Saying this, she took out the Epoch Collection bracelet she had strung and was about to put it on Fabian. 
Fabian’s voice was filled with amazement as he exclaimed, “Is this the legendary Epoch Collection?” 
“Yes. You should wear it.” Wynter was thinking about her dream. “The Epoch Collection can protect you.” 
If something really happened, it could save Fabian’s life. 
I 
Fabian was moved. “Wynter, I should be the one compensating you. Without you, I would have lived out my days in Southdale.”
###chapter354
Chapter 354 Toblas‘ Appearance 
“Grandpa. Wynter’s eyes were deep. “You’ve led an honest life. Having been in business for many years, you never forgot your roots and helped countless people. You should live long and well.” 
Upon hearing this, Fabian nearly teared up and turned to Alexis. “How can I not be blaned against this kid?” 
“It’s only natural.” Alexis chuckled. “Don’t worry. The other kids will understand.” 
Fabian felt grateful. “Tobias gave me a call today to ask about his sister.” 
“Mr. Tobias even saved up money for Ms. Quinnell,” Having sold that, Alexia looked at Wynter. “It’s meant to be your wedding gift.” 
er paused upon hearing his words. “Actually, you could tell him that there’s no need to rush.” 
Wynter 
Smiling, Fabian said, “He’s worried that you won’t like him. He’s had quite a few scandals and can be quite arrogant. Plus, he has a bit of a temper. You’ll see when you meet him.” 
Outside the Quinnell residence, Tobias, who was huddled in an MPV, sneezed heavily and opened his eyes. His short blue–black hair and striking face clearly marked him as a celebrity. 
“My rival must be badm*uthing me!” he said to his assistant, Sammy Newman. 
Sammy was somewhat fearful. “Tobias, if Jacqueline finds out we came back, she’ll definitely be furious.”
Tobias waved his hand. “I’ve finished my magazine shoots. What’s she going to be furious about? If 1 attended those drinking sessions, I would only offend the sponsors. She’ll have to figure out a way to manage public relations.” 
“That’s true. But they specially requested to see you.” Sammy fl*pped through the schedule. “Whether you get to join the new variety show depends on this big sponsor. You know that, right?” 
Tobias was nonchalant, propping up his chin. “I don’t. I can have a meal with them, but I won’t sell my 
body.” 
“Tobias! Don’t say that out loud!” Sammy nearly shouted for help. “You can’t simply say that kind of thing. By the way, why are we parked here? This family seems quite rich.” 
“Of course they are,” Tobias said mysteriously. “Don’t you know whose house this is?” 
Puzzled, Sammy shook his head. 
Tobias tapped his fingers. “It’s the Quinnell family of Kingbourne’s. They share the same last name as me. They’re the richest family around.” 
“I see!” Sammy’s attitude immediately changed. “Tobias, I misunderstood you. You’re trying to cozy up with the Quinnell family, right?” 
Tobias picked up his phone to fiddle with it. “You could interpret it that way.” 
Chapter 311 Tobias‘ Appearance 
Sammy disapproved. “You’re already a top star. There’s no need for you to do that. Besides, the Quinnell family has a good reputation. You won’t stand a chance.”
Indeed, he didn’t stand a chance. Alexis‘ words were as precise as they come. 
Tobias was exhausted. “Let’s go to the hotel.” 
Sammy immediately started the car, still discussing the variety show with him. 
Just as Tobias left, Wynter finished dinner and came out with Wolf. 
She didn’t want to keep the Yarwood family’s driver waiting, so she rode her motorcycle back. Wolf sat behind her wearing a helmet and holding a big bag of snacks. 
With Fabian out of danger, Wynter finally had time to plan. Her mansion needed cleaning. Only when her place was comfortable could she focus on other matters. 
As Wynter was deep in thought, she noticed a woman in a hospital gown wandering near the intersection. She was clutching her chest as if she was having trouble breathing. 
Normally, Wynter wouldn’t intervene in such a situation. But since she encountered it, she wouldn’t turn a blind eye. 
Wolf also noticed the woman and his eyes widened. He knew Wynter’s intention when she stopped the motorcycle. 
He tugged on her coat and gestured to her. “She’s missing something.” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “Missing something?” 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>>
###chapter355
Chapter 355 Wynter Saved a Wealthy Lady 
Wolf sniffed the air and moved closer. He sensed that something was off with the woman. She didn’t 
seem normal. 
Wynter knew that Wolf hadn’t fully recovered. But based on his instincts, something either indicated a missing part of her soul or some kind of spiritual disturbance. 
Wynter’s gaze deepened. Regardless of the cause, she couldn’t just ignore it. Allowing someone in such at state to roam outside was unsafe. 
“Let’s go take a look,” Wynter said, removing her helmet. Her actions were smooth and cool. 
It wasn’t too late outside, so onlookers were passing by. However, no one dared to step forward to help. 
After all, the woman seemed quite peculiar and appeared intellectually impaired. She grabbed everyone. who passed by, asking if they had seen her daughter. 
The pedestrians were frightened, particularly because she was dressed in a hospital gown, which gave 
her an eerie presence. 
“Did she escape from the asylum?” 
“She doesn’t seem ill. Her face looks clean.” 
“Yeah, her skin looks well taken care of. I bet she’s a wealthy lady.” 
“My husband has always wanted a watch like hers, but he just can’t justify the expense.
“Alright, let’s go. She’s too scary.” 
The passersby hurriedly whispered about the woman before Wynter appeared and stood in front of her. The woman grabbed Wynter’s hand, her clear and gentle eyes fixed on her. “Young lady, have you seen my daughter? She’s a bit shorter than you, loves eating candy, and has a contagious smile. S- She’s just like you. She loves black too.” 
As she spoke, her gaze became distant, as if she were lost in thought. 
“Oh yes, she’s not a child anymore. She’s grown up and has even won awards.” 
Noticing the woman’s unusual state, Wynter immediately placed her hand on her wrist and pressed on her acupoint for calming. 
It didn’t seem like she was being bothered by spirits. Rather, it appeared that she was suffering from a disorientation disorder. 
From a medical perspective, psychiatric conditions in patients could stem from hidden genetic factors or might have been triggered by neurological stimulation following significant accidents. 
However, some individuals termed psychiatric patients could easily lose a part of their soul when their spirits were disturbed. 
This situation was quite similar to the condition of neurological stimulation following major accidents. 
Suddenly, the woman’s gaze started clearing. She looked around and then muttered softly to herself, “I’m out again.” Again? Wynter raised an eyebrow. 
The woman’s face was apologetic. “Kiddo, did I cause you trouble?” 
Wynter withdrew her hand, speaking casually. “No, I was just helping you stand.”
“I know my condition. A little help won’t cure me.” The woman’s tone was gentle. “But thank you, kiddo. Do you happen to study medicine?” 
It was the first time Wynter had been called “kiddo” by someone. She couldn’t quite describe the feeling, but she felt that the woman wasn’t someone missing a part of her soul. After all, she looked well- mannered and knowledgeable. 
Her face was remarkably youthful, transcending her age. 
“I’ve studied a bit,” Wynter replied with a faint smile. “If you don’t mind, I can help you calm down.” 
The woman’s breathing had been unstable. Wynter thought that she likely had a heart problem, possibly triggered by something before she came out. 
The woman smiled. “I don’t mind, but I can’t let you treat me for free. I…” 
I 
Realizing she didn’t even have her phone, she looked at Wynter. “Can I have your phone number? I’ll jot it 
down.” 
“No need for that.” Wynter supported the woman’s back and inserted two silver needles into her 
acupoints. 
Compared to earlier, the woman looked calm and elegant now. This was how she looked when she wasn’t having an episode
###chapter356
Chapter 356 Who la That Wealthy Lady 
The woman’s waist–length hair cascaded down. Beneath the wide sleeves of the hospital gown were delicate, snow–white arms. 
In addition to a watch, she wore a beautiful emerald bangle, giving her the appearance of a wealthy lady. Kiddo, your medical skills are more impressive than you lot on.” 
“I’m just ok.” Wynter removed the needles and offered a few words of advice. “Ma’am, as your doctors probably told you, sometimes you’ll feel better after letting go.” 
The woman was stunned for a second, then suddenly smiled. “Kiddo, do you and your little brother have plans later?” 
Initially, Wynter wanted to say she needed to go home. But the woman’s eyes pleaded with her to say no, so Wynter shook her head. 
The woman immediately suggested, “Let me treat you both to some beer. Oh, right, children can’t drink alcohol. Your brother can have Coke. How about we go get fried chicken?” 
Wynter was too full. However, Wolf’s eyes lit up at the mention of fried chicken. He nodded vigorously. 
He tugged at Wynter’s sleeve and gestured seriously. “You can’t let a person who has lost a part of her 
soul wander the streets. What if she gets possessed and harms someone?” 
Wynter raised his small face and glanced at his canines. “You know quite a lot.” 
After saying that, she turned to the woman and chuckled. “There’s a KFC up ahead. After we eat, I’ll have
your family come pick you up.” 
“Okay,” the woman replied happily. 
She found it odd how close she was getting to Wynter. It was probably because of her eyes. When Wynter 
looked at her, she didn’t feel the fear others usually felt. 
The woman was well aware of how people reacted to her during her episodes. Even her husband’s eyes were always filled with fear and pain when he looked at her. 
She wasn’t sure if her condition was improving or deteriorating. 
The good news was that some of the painful memories were starting to fade. Previously, she’d have an episode once a month. Now, she had one every six months. 
The bad news was that her brain felt like mush. Everything she did seemed illogical. Doing her usual job felt like she was reading an alien language now. 
Even though her husband told her not to bother with it, she didn’t want to just stay at home. She nearly 
forgot what she was like before. 
She always felt like she had forgotten the most important thing to her. Even when she slept, she would cry as she just couldn’t remember. 
KFC was usually open 24 hours, especially in the city. There were several office buildings around where. workers doing overtime could be seen coming down to buy coffee and burgers,
Wynter was ordering from the self–service kiosk, while Wolf eagerly tapped on the screen to add more 
items. 
The woman took a sip of her cold beer. As she bit into her fries, her eyes squinted with satisfaction. “It’s been so long since I felt so relaxed. Fried food really does bring joy to people.” 
“Then you should indulge occasionally,” Wynter replied as she adjusted Wolf’s sleeve. When she lowered her eyes, the mole beneath her eye was covered. 
Looking at Wynter, the woman was lost in a daze for a second. Wynter raised an eyebrow. 
Only then did the woman smile. “I must look like a middle–aged woman freeloading off food.” 
“Not at all. You don’t seem like a middle–aged woman at all.” Wynter squeezed some ketchup onto the woman’s plate. “It’s been a while since I’ve treated him to this kind of food, so it’s a good opportunity to 
reminisce.” 
Wolf held a chicken wing, vigorously nodding his head while gesturing with his hands. 
The woman understood. “Your grandma won’t let you eat this?” 
Wolf froze, his eyes widening. She understood! Wynter also looked at the woman, slightly amused. Smiling, the woman said, “I used to be a teacher and learned a bit of sign language.” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading
###chapter357
Chapter 357 Healing a Disorientation Disorder 
Wynter had always respected teachers, so she clinked her beer glass with Marie. 
Marie smiled even more brightly. “Kiddo, has anyone ever told you you’re mature and likable beyond your years? Being with you improves my mood.” 
“We probably just have a good vibe together,” Wynter replied, picking up a piece of fry. She rarely let her guard down naturally around anyone like this. 
Marie was tolerant and open–minded. Even when Wolf approached her, he didn’t react harshly. 
Wynter used to think only her grandmother had this kind of gentle presence, but now she had 
encountered another. And it was a stranger. 
She also found it unbelievable. 
Marie chuckled softly. “No one has ever liked seeing me having one of my episodes.” 
Wynter paused briefly. 
Marie continued, “Sorry for letting you see me in such a state, but I’m quite grateful. I probably wouldn’t 
have met you if I didn’t have my episode.” 
Wynter smiled. “Indeed, your family must take excellent care of yo 
you. 
“They really do.” Marie recounted, “My husband is very good to me. He removed all sharp s from the house because he was afraid I might harm myself. He even stays in hotels with me when I prefer
She had a sip of her beer and continued, “After I started having episodes, he encouraged me to resign and seek treatment abroad. He handles everything at home, and my sons have grown exceptionally well 
because of him. 
“He’s afraid they’ll disturb me with their boisterousness, so he lets them manage their affairs. My sons are all sensible. Many people praise their excellence.” 
han why 
Wynter tapped her index finger, asking directly. “Then why aren’t you happy?” 
“I want to work, and I want my sons to occasionally bother me.” Marie looked at Wynter. “I feel like this isn’t how I used to be. I’m starting to forget who I am. 
“Is this what happens to women after marriage? Slowly losing themselves?” 
Her smile carried a hint of sadness. “I’ve lost touch with my old friends a long time ago. I don’t even know 
who distanced themselves first. 
“It just happened naturally, and suddenly, there was no one left around me. Should I blame my husband for protecting me so well?” 
This was beyond Wynter’s professional scope. “I’ve never been married, so I wouldn’t know.” 
“Oh, right.” Marie covered her m*uth and chuckled gracefully. “How could I ask a kid such questions?” 
3:57 + Sealing u Diponentation Disorder
Wynter smiled gently. “But I can analyze other things. If there’s something you want to do, pursue it. Working might help with your treatment.” 
“I’m afraid of hurting others. Marie admitted. “You saw it for yourself. If I harm someone during an episode, I feel guilty for the rest of my life.” 
Wynter looked at her. “Your illness has a cause. Once you find that cause, you can start to heal.” 
“A cause?” Marie frowned, wondering why no one had ever mentioned this to her. 
Wynter’s eyes were deep as she looked at Marie. “You’ve lost something crucial to you. Perhaps 
memones, belongings, or even a person.” 
A person? 
Marie held her beer glass, and suddenly, it dawned on her. Yes, indeed, there was someone. 
As she tried to recall, she raised her hand and pressed it against her head. 
Wynter gently removed her hand and said, “No need to rush. Take your time.” 
Marie looked up, about to say something, when suddenly, there was an exclamation from nearby. “Ma’am, I finally found you!” 
“How did you find me here?” 
“A passerby told me, and I didn’t really believe it.” 
A sharply dressed man hurried over. From his attire, he seemed very smart. 
Wynter recognized his face. She had met him when she first arrived in Southdale.
###chapter358
Chapter 358 Biological Mother 
Wynter recognized him as Vincent Jenkins, Dalton’s special assistant. 
She swirled the beer in her mug with a glint of puzzlement in her eyes. 
Did this mean she had saved one of the Yarwoods? 
Vincent hadn’t anticipated bumping into the Yates family’s fake heiress in Kingbourne–the last person he 
wanted to see. 
After all, she was the reason Dalton had transferred him to Kingbourne; he merely mentioned to Dalton 
her bad reputation and expressed doubts about her intentions to save Anthony’s life. 
Though someone told him returning to Kingbourne was a blessing, Vincent highly doubted it. How could leaving Dalton’s side and distancing himself from the Yarwood family’s core be considered a blessing? 
In the end, he had no choice but to gather his documents and secure finally making his comeback. 
a position within the Quinnell family, 
However, his role in the Quinnell family was rather different. He was tasked with taking care of Marie, 
who occasionally had episodes. 
Never in Vincent’s wildest dreams did he expect to encounter Wynter in Kingbourne, let alone witness her sharing a beer with Marie!
Vincent arrogantly ignored Wynter, feigning ignorance of her presence. He firmly believed that even acknowledging the existence of this fake heiress from a small town would diminish his status. 
Approaching Marie, Vicent spoke with a displeased tone, “Ma’am, why didn’t you inform me before wandering off? 
“Sir was in a meeting; I tried to reach you on your room phone, but no one answered. So, I assumed you weren’t in the hotel. I almost called the police, you know?” 
Marie glanced at him from her seat. “Are you lecturing me?” 
Vincent was taken aback, sensing Marie was somehow different than her usual self. 
Marie was usually kind and considerate. Yet, she had wandered off despite her health condition, causing inconvenience to those, namely him, who worked for them. 
Vincent attempted to reason with her. “You should have at least informed me. If I can’t inform Sir about your whereabouts, he’ll be extremely worried.” 
“Vincent,” Marie said as she stood up, her smile remaining, “my husband hired you to take care of me. 
“You might think that a crazy woman like me doesn’t need to stay hydrated, but I do. I did try calling you earlier, but you didn’t pick up.” 
Vincent acknowledged that it was indeed his fault; he had overlooked the time and missed the call. However, he had assumed Marie wouldn’t bring it up, considering her usual easygoing nature. 
Chapter 358 Bavlnen 
Chapter 358 Biological Mother 
Wynter recognized him as Vincent Jenkins, Dalton’s special assistant.
She swirled the beer in her mug with a glint of puzzlement in her eyes. 
Did this mean she had saved one of the Yarwoods? 
Vincent hadn’t anticipated bumping into the Yates family’s fake heiress in Kingbourne–the last person he 
wanted to see. 
After all, she was the reason Dalton had transferred him to Kingbourne; he merely mentioned to Dalton her bad reputation and expressed doubts about her intentions to save Anthony’s life. 
Though someone told him returning to Kingbourne was a blessing, Vincent highly doubted it. How could leaving Dalton’s side and distancing himself from the Yarwood family’s core be considered a blessing? 
In the end, he had no choice but to gather his documents and secure a position within the Quinnell family, finally making his comeback. 
However, his role in the Quinnell family was rather different. He was tasked with taking care of Marie, 
who occasionally had episodes. 
Never in Vincent’s wildest dreams did he expect to encounter Wynter in Kingbourne, let alone witness her sharing a beer with Marie! 
Vincent arrogantly ignored Wynter, feigning ignorance of her presence. He firmly believed that acknowledging the existence of this fake heiress from a small town would diminish his status 
Approaching Marie, Vicent spoke with a displeased tone, “Ma’am, why didn’t you inform me before wandering off?
“Sir was in a meeting; I tried to reach you on your room phone, but no one answered. So, I assumed you weren’t in the hotel. I almost called the police, you know?” 
Marie glanced at him from her seat. “Are you lecturing me?” 
Vincent was taken aback, sensing Marie was somehow different than her usual self. 
Marie was usually kind and considerate. Yet, she had wandered off despite her health condition, causing inconvenience to those, namely him, who worked for them. 
Vincent attempted to reason with her. “You should have at least informed me. If I can’t inform Sir about your whereabouts, he’ll be extremely worried.” 
“Vincent,” Marie said as she stood up, her smile remaining, “my husband hired you to take care of me. 
“You might think that a crazy woman like me doesn’t need to stay hydrated, but I do. I did try calling you earlier, but you didn’t pick up.” 
Vincent acknowledged that it was indeed his fault; he had overlooked the time and missed the call. However, he had assumed Marie wouldn’t bring it up, considering her usual easygoing nature. 
Marie understood that kindness could sometimes get taken advantage of. But she never intended to make things difficult for anyone, especially when it could exacerbate her condition. 
“I won’t mention your mistake to my husband today, but I don’t want it to happen again. Do you understand?” Marie said sternly. 
his time. 
Vincent was taken aback, but quickly responded, “Understood, Ma’am. It was my negligence this and l’assure you it won’t happen again.”
Marie nodded. It felt as if this were her true self. Then, she said, “Give me my phone.” 
Vincent handed it over without questions, and added, “I’ve already informed Sir of your current location. His meeting ended early, so he’ll be joining us soon.” 
“Okay,” Marie replied nonchalantly. After retrieving her phone from Vincent, she turned to Wynter. “Miss, can I have your number?” 
Did Marie say she wanted Wynter’s number? 
Vincent’s expression changed, fearing a repeat of past events. 
He stared at Wynter, silently signaling for her to decline the request, promising a handsome reward in 
return. 
Noticing his glance, Wynter playfully smiled and responded, “Of course, Ma’am. I’ll type it in your phone.” 
Marie’s expression lit up with joy as she handed Wynter her phone. “Let’s continue our conversation: another day. Since you’re a doctor, I’m sure you can cure me.” 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day
###chapter359
Chapter 359 True Love or Pretense 
That fake heiress, a doctor? Vincent would rather place his bet on the Yates family’s real heiress, Yvette, who shot to fame in Kingbourne after curing Clyde Winston’s illness. 
Though he disagreed with Marie’s opinion on Wynter, Vincent decided not to argue with her, considering she couldn’t be reasoned with given her illness. 
Instead, he chose to bring this matter to her husband, Shane Quinnell, and provided him with the details. 
“I need to get back to work now,” Wynter said. Before leaving, she whispered in Marie’s ear, “If you don’t want to return to your previous job, let me know. We’re currently hiring.” 
Marie’s eyes lit up slightly as she watched Wynter’s departing figure. She started to feel lonely without her, though she knew she had to let Wynter return home. 
As Wynter departed, Shane entered with a worried expression, his brows knitted in concern. 
Upon seeing Marie, he sighed in relief. “Didn’t I tell you to stay in your room and not wander around? It’s not safe to go out alone.” 
Draping his jacket over Marie’s shoulders, Shane caught a whiff of alcohol, fueling his frustration. 
“Were you drinking? You know you can’t handle alcohol with your condition! When will you stop reckless behavior?” 
Shane felt overwhelmed by stress. Nothing seemed to go smoothly recently. 
this
Just when his hands were tied with company matters, his wife had an episode and disappeased. And add to his worries, Fabian had informed him of Sevie’s return but refused to let him see her. 
Uncertain of how his wife would react to Sevie’s return, Shane grappled with conflicting emotions. 
“If you keep on doing this, I’ll make sure Naomi is aware of this,” Shane warned her, knowing that Marie would only listen to Naomi, her beloved daughter. 
Marie was startled, as if recalling something. However, Naomi’s name seemed to switch her mind off, leaving her with a murmur, “Can’t let Naomi worry.” 
“At least you still know not to let her worry.” Shane remarked as he lowered his head, rubbing her cold hands. “Are you ? You should have put on something warm before coming out.” 
Marie shook her head, her beautiful eyes appearing a bit dull yet gentle. 
Shane arranged for some food to be prepared for Marie before she took her sedatives. Everyone in the hotel had recognized him as a doting husband who personally took care of Marie. 
After Marie had fallen asleep, Shane called Vincent to the study. 
“What? Are you saying someone is trying to deceive Marie? I want to know the details,” Shane said 
solemnly. He despised those who would take advantage of Marie’s illness. 
Chapte:959 The Love of Pretense 
Vincent exaggeratedly recounted the situation. “That fake heiress already had a bad reputation in 
Southdale.
“Now, she seems to have picked up some folk remedies and claims to be a doctor. But in reality, she’s just a student at a vocational school.” 
“Vocationa! school?” Shane, who had only received an elite education overseas, was unfamiliar with the term. “Are vocational schools still a thing nowadays? Are they similar to trade schools?” 
Vincent nodded in response. 
Shane couldn’t help but laugh. “How dare a vocational school student treat people without proper 
training?” 
“People from small towns are usually less civilized.” Vincent sighed deeply. “She’s adept at gaining people’s trust, which worries me. I fear Ma’am might fall victim to her deception.” 
Shane’s tone turned cold as he set down his coffee. “Then find a way to keep her away from Marie.” 
“Yes, Sir. I’ll take care of it right away,” Vincent replied, eager to carry out Shane’s directive. 
That fake heiress, Wynter, was trying to ingratiate herself with the Quinnell family by orchestrating a chance encounter with Marie. She clearly had no idea how much the Quinnells despised such schemes! That fake heiress‘ supposed cleverness was about to land her in deep trouble.
###chapter360
Chapter 360 Something Susplalous About Her Illness 
When Wynter and Wolf returned to their hotel suite, it was already late at night, and Margaret had already fallen asleep. They moved to the living room to chat no they wouldn’t disturb her slumber. 
Typing on 
his laptop, Wolf lifted his head and gestured, “They’re asking when you’ll meet them.” 
“Not for the time being.” Wynter replied, ordering a bunch of items online to be sent to her newly bought 
courtyard. 
Wolf responded to the group chat with a head–shaking emoji, Instantly dampening the other members” spirits. Nonetheless, they still felt obligated to report their findings to their boss. 
“Tell Boss there was a car accident halfway up the mountain Just now. A pregnant woman was involved. The place is now sealed off, but we fear there might be trouble once the seal is lifted.” 
Wolf thought it unnecessary to bother Wynter with such an insignificant and unpaid matter, so he was 
about to type a refusal. 
But before he could type, Wynter suddenly took his laptop and typed, “Has it turned into a specter? If not, you guys wouldn’t be so worried, right?” 
“Boss!” The members were thrilled by Wynter’s sudden message. The chat immediately flooded with 
emojis, and everyone’s mood seemed to brighten up.
“Here’s the situation: The pregnant lady is someone of special status, and the child she was carrying was 
out of wedlock.” 
Wynter chuckled and replied, “Cut to the chase. Don’t make me guess.” 
“The pregnant lady’s name is Lucky Walker, an actress who recently shot to fame. But her pregnancy 
wasn’t known to the public. 
“Yesterday, there was a car accident halfway up the mountain. The racers were heirs of famous families in Kingbourne. The driver who intimidated her fell off the cliff and died.. 
“Lucky’s unborn child perished in the accident, and Lucky’s still in a coma. 
agency is 
“If someone hadn’t called for the ambulance, Lucky might not have been so lucky. However, her agen determined to keep her pregnancy under wraps. 
Wynter addressed the main point straightforwardly. “She’s involved in an affair?” 
“That’s my boss, sharp as ever! But it’s hard to determine if Lucky has been purposely involved in this 
affair.” 
Wynter asked in a casual tone, “Has the embryo developed?” 
“Yes, that’s our main concern. We need to perform a cleansing ritual on that road; otherwise, all those street racers will be doomed.”
Wynter took a sip of tea and replied lazily, “What are our rules?” 
“Never help evildoers The message was quickly followed by another, “But we’re not helping those selons, Boss. We’re helping the baby” 
Wynter replied with a head–stroking emoji followed by, “Send me the address.” 
A location immediately popped up in the chat. “Dons, are you going to perform the ritual yourself?” 
Wynter glanced at it, then calmly replied, “I might know those heirs. That place must be under surveillance now, so I’ll head there when it’s less conspicuous. Those heirs can suffer a few days first.” 
“I know what you’re thinking, Boss. You want to wait for them to come and beg us, right?” 
Wynter chuckled. “We have to let the baby vent and taste a little sweet revenge first, don’t we?” 
“Exactly!” 
Wolf expressed with sign language. “I’ll go bite those heirs to death!” 
Wynter pinched his ch*ek and said, “You better think about how to tidy up our courtyard tomorrow. Our viewers are still waiting for our live broadcast.” 
Wolf wasn’t too worried about that, knowing he could handle it easily. He followed Wynter, who was heading to bed, and gestured, “Will that lady we met today come?” 
Wynter stretched lazily and replied, “Beats me. It’s up to her.” 
Wolf glanced down briefly, then back at Wynter. “She smells like Mom.” 
Wynter halted as realization dawned on her. She didn’t notice that when they met earlier.
Upon reflection, she grasped why the woman had seemed peculiar. Despite her child being higt primary concern, she only looked for the child during episodes, never outside of them. 
“There’s something suspicious about her illness,” Wynter told Wolf. “We need to meet her again.” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>>
###chapter361
GO 
Chapter 361 Not Scared of Haunted Mansions 
Wolf immediately pointed at his phone, signaling for Wynter to invite Marie out. 
Wynter smiled, her tear mole subtly shifting. “No, we’re going to her house.” 
The first issue she had to tackle was to uncover why Marie preferred to stay at a hotel instead of returning home. 
Driven by curiosity, she asked Wolf to delve into Marie’s background and family relationship. She had never been so intrigued by a stranger before. 
Gathering information was child’s play for Wolf–or “L” the hacker. He deftly bypassed the firewalls and hacked into the systems. 
“Keep a low profile. Remember, we’re in Kingboume now,” Wynter reminded him. 
Nodding. Wolf took indirect routes and masked his IP address, ensuring his hacking remained undetected. However, he came up empty–handed. 
Wolf looked at Wynter, shrugging helplessly. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “Her information has been protected with confidentiality measures.” 
Wolf nodded in agreement. 
Wynter suddenly thought of Dalton, wondering if all the Yarwoods were similarly protected. 
“Forget it,” she said with a yawn. “Well try again tomorrow.”
They 
y could either proceed gradually or resolve everything at once by locating Marie’s missing child. 
As Wynter lay in bed, she mulled over the situation, pondering if the Scott family was so daring enough to employ their human trafficking scheme in Kingbourne. 
After all, back in Havenlight County, Dickson and Fanny had admitted they wouldn’t risk operating in Kingbourne. Their most perilous venture had been in Spring Hill 
With the Quinnell family’s resources, they could have easily retrieved their missing child even in the days of less advanced communication. 
In other words, if Dickson and Fanny had been astute enough, they wouldn’t have abducted Wynter 
All human traffickers adhered to a simple principle: target children from ordinary families, not the wealthy. 
Wealthy families were typically influential and resourceful, capable of apprehending traffickers if provoked. Therefore, traffickers wouldn’t take such risks–unless someone had assured them of protection. 
Wynter realized her abduction might not have been random, but instead a carefully orchestrated plan. 
As her expression darkened, Wynter reached for her phone and composed a message. “I need a comprehensive list of all the Quinnell family’s business rivals, dating back to my grandfather’s era. 
Not scared of Haunted Mansbjpn. 
“And also, Investigate the woman the Quinnells have been sponsoring, but not the publicly available data. I want information predating her sponsorship by the Quinnells, Let me know even if the data has
been 
erased.” 
“Got it, Boss,” the recipient replied promptly. 
Setting her phone aside, Wynter settled in for the night. 
She had a dream. In it, she lay in a cradle while someone playfully teased her. It was a sweet, comforting 
dream. 
Upon waking. Wynter felt an unusual unease. 
With her prophetic dreams becoming more frequent, she was determined to uncover the mysteries behind them. Yet, the unexpected warmth of that dream left her unsettled. 
Shaking off her disquiet, Wynter rose to begin her day. After instructing the bodyguards to deliver the lucky token to Dalton, she gathered Margaret and Wolf and headed to the mansion. 
Despite the hotel’s luxurious amenities, Margaret still found it uncomfortable. She longed for the familiarity of a neighborhood like Waterview Alley, where she could share tea and converse with 
neighbors. 
Understanding Margaret’s preference, Wynter chose to reside in the mansion. Though rumored to be haunted, she remained unfazed by such superstitions 
However, as they settled into the long–vacant mansion, curious neighbors emerged.
“Have you heard? Someone’s moved into the westmost mansion.” 
“I saw them, too. A young woman, an elderly lady, and a kid.”
###chapter362
Chapter 362 Scions in Deep Water 
“Is it because the rent is cheap?” 
“Why else would they move into that house? They’re definitely going to regret it!” 
“It’s hard to say. After all, that incident was many years ago.” 
As the neighbors gossiped in hushed tones under the tree, their conversation’s subject–Wynter- 
approached them with bags filled with fruits and wild root herbs. 
“Good day, we just moved into the neighborhood. I’m Wynter, and this is my little brother, Wolf.” 
Wolf, dressed brightly with a baseball cap, nodded politely. 
Upon seeing Wolf’s adorable and guarded expression, the neighbors couldn’t help but grow fond of him, and their expressions warmed considerably. 
gifts, her gaze 
“Oh, you shouldn’t have,” remarked Joyce Kirk, one of the middle–aged ladies, on the gifts, her pleased. She was impressed by Wynter’s generous gesture and sincere words. 
“Is that your grandmother? The lady who’s busy in the yard,” Joyce asked. 
Wynter nodded with a smile. “Yes, that’s my grandmother. She’s a traditional medicine doctor. She’s setting up an outdoor kitchen in our yard. We’d like to invite everyone for a meal three days after.” 
“Oh, your grandmother is a doctor?” Joyce smiled cheerfully. “No wonder she’s so well–dressed and looks so trustworthy. I’d love to meet her.”
“We definitely should. Look at all the gifts her granddaughter brought us; they’re all good for health.” 
The people in this neighborhood seemed to be kind–hearted. Having lived carefree lives in Kingbourne, they were easygoing and friendly, even to strangers like Wynter. 
Unable to withhold their thoughts, they openly advised Wynter, “Honestly, Wynter, you should reconsider. your decision to stay here. This isn’t the right house for you.” 
“Reconsider?” Wynter joined the neighbors, accepting a handful of peanuts from Joyce. “I didn’t rent this 
mansion. I bought it.” 
The crowd fell silent 
Raymond Rice, one of the neighbors, let out a long sigh. “You bought it? But a mansion can cost a fortune. these days.” 
“The previous owner had been eager to sell it off for years, so I managed to buy it outright for one– tenth of the market price.” Wynter replied, relishing the orange that Wolf had peeled for her. 
Wolf was delighted to be here, as everyone kept feeding him. 
Joyce sighed. “You seem like a smart lady. Why did you buy this mansion, knowing it was sold for just one -tenth of the market price? Surely, you can sense that something’s amiss.” 
Chapte 362 Salons in Deep Water 
Wynter chuckled. “I couldn’t resist a bargain like that.” 
The neighbors all shook their heads sympathetically. “My dear, didn’t anyone tell you that being greedy can lead to big losses?”
“Something bad happened in this mansion. You’d be wise to have it cleansed before moving in.” 
“It’s virtually unsellable now; all the real estate agents in this area know this mansion is a tough sell.” 
“Wynter, you may not be superstitious, but there are indeed Inexplicable forces in this world.” 
Wynter chuckled after listening. “I do believe in the supernatural. Truth be told, Wolf is quite adept in this 
realm.” 
Wolf abruptly raised his head, puzzled by Wynter’s statement. Since when was he an expert in 
supernature? 
The neighbors all gasped in disbelief. “What? Wolf? But he’s just a kid!” 
Wynter explained calmly. “Wolf is extraordinary. An old man from Mt. Dragon once said that Wolf possesses a gift, but it requires training. So, he took Wolf under his wing as his apprentice.” 
*Mt. Dragon?” The neighbors gazed at Wolf in astonishment. “So, Wolf is a ghost hunter?” 
Wynter pondered for a moment before replying, “He can do something similar to what a ghost hunter 
does.” 
“Incredible!” The neighbors began to discuss how Wolf could rid the haunted mansion of its ghosts. 
Meanwhile, as everything seemed to going smoothly for Wynter, Logan Winstor found himself in deept 
water. 
Chapter 363 Salons Having Nightmares
“Logan, I’m really scared 
Mason Scott, one of the scions involved in the street racing mentioned in Wynter’s group chat, grabbed Logan fightly as soon as he entered the room. Dark circles hung under his eyes. 
He had been huddied in a comer, refusing to let his family enter his room until Logan arrived. 
“I dreamt about Denny. He asked why we were still alive while he was alone in the cold underworld, urging us to join him,” Mason said. 
Initially, Logan dismissed his words as grief–induced delusions, given the recent loss of their close friend. However, he couldn’t ignore the fact that Rupert Bailey and Austin Fenton had expressed similar 
concerns 
Rupert and Austin, being further away from the scene, appeared less troubled than Mason, though. 
“Logan, do you think Denny might blame us for his death?” Rupert and Austin asked, their expressions cautious. “Is that why he keeps sending us dreams?” 
“We didn’t mean to intimidate that pregnant lady,” Austin explained. 
Rupert nodded. “Denny said she looked familiar, so he wanted to take a closer look. You know how Denny was when he saw a pretty lady.” 
“Logan, do you think we should go meet that pregnant lady?” Austin asked in a low tone. 
Feeling agitated, Mason shouted, “My family won’t even let me leave the house now! Besides, she’s a celebrity, she might expose us. And you’re suggesting we go meet her?”
Rupert glanced at Mason and added, “If she exposes us, she’d also expose her secret pregnancy, so she wouldn’t. But the problem is, she has lost the child.” 
“She lost the child?” Logan exclaimed suddenly, realizing his call may not have saved them after all. 
Mason held his head in horror. “Logan, that’s not the point. Something’s telling me that Denny isn’t dead 
yet.” 
“What are you blabbering about, Mason?” Rupert’s expression instantly changed. 
“It’s just a guess,” Mason replied, his expression pale. 
Rupert gazed at him and said, “Mason, you should get some rest. When was the last time 
you slept?” 
Mason shook his head, his eyes’circled by dark rings. “Say, if that starlet hadn’t been rescued and had fallen off the cliff with Denny, do you think Denny would have stopped blaming us?” 
“Mason Scott! Are you out of your mind?” Logan felt a surge of anger. “If you won’t snap out of it, don’t ask me to come over to your place!” 
“Chill, Logan.” Austin tried to calm Logan down. “Mason is really shaken up by those dreams.
###chapter363
Chapter 363 Salons Having gidmares 
“Besides, there’s something strange going on with all of this. It seems you’re the only one who hasn’t 
received any dreams from Denny. 
Suddenly, the door opened, interrupting their conversation. 
In walked Peter Scott, leaning on a cane, his dark eyes scanning the room until they settled on Logan. 
“I didn’t realize you were here, Logan,” Peter said with a gentle smile. 
Logan always found it awkward to converse with the older generation, especially Peter Scott, who had a close relationship with the Winston family. There was something about Peter that unnerved him. 
Peter had the maid bring in some tea, then let out a long sigh as he regarded Logan. 
“Logan, Mason mentioned that you were supposed to join them yesterday. He said the two of you had chosen that spot together because it was less traveled and had plenty of twists, perfect for thrilling drives. 
Logan, holding a teacup, felt uneasy. “Yes, I was the one who initiated-” 
“But why did you back out at the last minute?” Peter interjected. 
Logan ran his fingers along the teacup. “I got stuck in a traffic jam yesterday. And my grandfather scolded me again, so I was frustrated and decided to head home to sleep.” 
“Logan, you and Mason have been friends for a long time. Whenever you got scolded by your grandfather, you’d always go street racing with Mason,” Peter said.
Rubbing his temples, he added, “Mason mentioned you were acting strangely yesterday.”
###chapter364
Chapter 364 What Happened 
Chapter 364 What Happened 
Logan knew the cat would be out of the bag soon if the Scott family started investigating. Unwilling to cause trouble for his buddies, he decided to spill the beans about what happened in Panzarath. 
“Someone predicted you’d get into trouble if you went street racing?” Peter asked, his brows furrowed. 
Logan nodded, shuddering as he recalled Wynter’s prediction. “The lady only told me not to go. I didn’t expect it would turn out so tragically.” 
Peter patted his shoulder, comforting him, “Son, you’ve had a fortunate escape. No matter who that lady was, you indeed owe her your life.” 
While Logan might have escaped death, the Scott family ended up suffering instead. 
If this incident were exposed, they’d become the center of attention. The headline “Pregnant Woman Almost Killed by Scion’s Street Race” wasn’t the kind of publicity the Scotts wanted to be associated with. 
Though it was unfortunate the Jenkins family had lost one of their own, they still needed to see the bigger 
picture. 
“Do you know where we can find that lady?” Peter asked.
The Scott family had already contacted Lucky’s agency, and both parties had agreed to settle the matters 
silently with monetary compensation. 
However, Peter couldn’t shake his worry that someone else might expose the incident, especially since it seemed someone had tipped off the ambulance. 
Logan, concerned about implicating Wynter, shook his head. “I was angry because my brother was teasing me at the time, so I didn’t exchange contact information with her.” 
“Your brother was there, too?” Peter asked, intrigued. “Alright, I get the picture now. Do drop by to see Mason sometime. As you can see, he’s terribly shaken up by this incident.” 
Logan hesitated. “Mr. Scott Senior, shouldn’t we have some experts check on him?” 
Peter glanced at him. “No, that won’t be necessary. After all, the cause of this accident ended up dead. 
Consider it a closed case. 
“Mason is shaken up because he’s too sentimental and soft–hearted. I’m sure he’ll recover in a couple of days. Remember, Logan, superstition is unbecoming.” 
Even Logan, oblivious as he might be, understood Peter’s underlying message. 
He was implying that the Scott family wasn’t directly involved in the matter, so they saw no need to involve supernatural experts to examine Mason. If they did, that would suggest Mason was responsible 
for the accident. 
“You’re right, Mr. Scott Senior,” Logan replied, lowering his head obediently.
“Alright, off you go now. Your brother will be here soon with the invitations. I heard you’re in charge of 
-4 What Happened. 
hosting the guests this time, aren’t you? Well, I’m looking forward to It!” 
Peter smiled warmly and casually, as if the incident had never happened. 
As Logan, Rupert, and Austin exited the Scott residence, Rupert bid the other two farewell. 
“Bye, Logan, I’m heading home now,” he said wearily, his mind elsewhere. 
Rupert, who usually drove around in a sports car himself, now arrived in a chauffeured ordinary sedan. 
Lost in thought, Logan was eager to contact Ronan, confident he could reach Wynter. 
However, Austin interrupted Logan’s plan with a straightforward excuse. “Can you give me a ride, Logan? I didn’t drive here today.” 
Logan glanced at the Scott family’s bodyguards around them and nodded. “Sure. I’m a bit concerned about letting you go back alone as well, I have to make sure you get back safely to your grandmother, 
don’t I?” 
Meanwhile, on the second floor, Peter observed them through the floor–to–ceiling windows. 
“Rupert and Austin… You’re certain they didn’t see what you did, right?” Peter asked Mason, his gaze fixed on the three downstairs. 
Hugging himself, Mason nodded with a pale expression. “They didn’t see anything.”
Peter tightened his grip on his cane, feeling frustrated that his grandson was the only one suffering while the rest seemed unaffected. 
He patted Mason lovingly and comforted him, “Hang in there just a little longer. Your brother will bring Mister Novak back to see you soon.”
###chapter365
Chapter 365 Ask Wynter for Help
"Grandpa, did you find out why Logan bailed at the last minute?" Mason's eyes held a hint of malice.
From his perspective, true friends would stick together through thick and thin.
He had specifically tagged Logan to join them in street racing the previous day, yet Logan chose to be a no-show. If Logan had been at the scene, none of these would have happened!
Peter replied in a low tone, "He said someone predicted he'd be caught in misfortune if he joined you yesterday, so he changed his mind. I'll get the insights from Chad when he's here later.
"I've told you before; you should've mingled more with Chad instead of Logan. Logan is nothing but trouble."
Mason abruptly raised his head. "Someone predicted that accident? Then maybe that person could solve my problem, too!
"Seriously, whenever I close my eyes now, I see that kid smiling at me. I can't take this anymore, Grandpa! Why does it keep coming back to me? Why me?"
Mason clutched his shirt, drenched in cold sweat.
"Snap out of it, Mason." Peter urged him to calm down. "Stop blabbering nonsense.
"You should learn from your brother. Be tougher and more ruthless! Remember, Mason, you've done nothing wrong. Got it?"
Mason nodded with dark circles under his eyes.
Peter caressed his face. "Don't worry, Mason. Grandpa will take care of everything for you." Meanwhile, as Logan drove Austin home, Austin clutched his seatbelt, visibly uneasy.
"There's something I need to tell you, Logan. Denny wasn't actually the one who hit that pregnant woman yesterday."
"What?" Logan slammed on the brakes and pulled over, glancing at him in disbelief.
Austin replied in a trembling voice, "The truth is that we saw that woman before the street race.
"Mason seemed to have a thing for her, thinking she looked innocent like an angel. So, when he realized she was pregnant, he sort of snapped.
"Mason was furious, feeling deceived. He wanted us to teach her a lesson together. The fog was thick, but Denny sped up regardless and fell off the cliff. It seemed to have forced her to stop.
"Then, Mason crashed into the back of her car."
Logan's expression darkened as he exclaimed, "What? Did he realize that crash could have killed them both? What were you doing? You coldblooded monsters!" He grabbed Austin by the collar.
"I didn't have a choice, Logan. You know we were just following Mason's orders," Austin said, his reddened eyes filled with guilt and regret.
He added, "Rupert and I were also to blame. We did provoke the woman, but we were just messing with her and never intended for this to happen! The fog was simply too thick at the time.
"Now that Denny's gone, we can't possibly point fingers at Mason. You know the Scott family won't let us off that easily if we do, Logan!"
Logan questioned him in a stern tone, "Tell me: did Mason intentionally crash into that woman's car?"
"I'm not sure, either," Austin replied, recalling the confusion they experienced back then.
Logan lit up a cigarette, his hands shaking uncontrollably. "We have to report this to the police."
"Report it to the police?" Austin couldn't agree to that. "Don't do it, Logan! You're not thinking straight now. Besides, the Scott family has already sorted things out with the starlet using money."
Logan said in a hoarse voice, "But Denny's gone, and so is that baby."
"Denny's family, the Jenkins, has already reached an agreement with the Scott family. Although they have lost Denny, the Jenkins family's business will prosper from now on.
"As for the baby, its mother never wanted to keep it anyway," Austin said as he lowered his head.
Wiping his face, Austin continued, relieved, "Logan, I'm telling you all this because it's been weighing on my mind. I really needed to get it off my chest.
"Also, I'm worried that you might offend the Scott family because you're unaware of the truth."
###chapter366
Chapter 366 Perform a Ritual 
“You were the one who called the ambulance, weren’t you, Logan?” 
Austin asked, gazing at Logan. “Mason called you and claimed that 
Denny was the one who crashed the woman’s car, didn’t he? 
“I’m guessing he’s trying to create a voice record as evidence to prove 
his innocence. Mason was trying to involve you in that incident, but 
he didn’t anticipate you calling the ambulance.” 
Austin lit a cigarette, his hands still trembling. “Logan, I don’t want to 
paint Mason in such a negative light, but you have no idea what 
desperate people are capable of. Being a Winston, you have nothing 
to fear, unlike Rupert and me.” 
Logan understood that this matter was more complicated than it 
seemed. Not only did everyone choose to turn a blind eye to the truth, 
but there was also no solid evidence or witnesses to prove Mason’s 
wrongdoing. 
Not to mention he had unwittingly become the witness who received
Mason’s call and heard of his innocent claim, safeguarding the Scott 
family’s reputation. 
Logan lit another cigarette, contemplating his relationship with 
Mason, whom he had considered a friend up until now. 
Mason was someone who sought enjoyment in life, always including 
Logan in outings to nightclubs and street races. 
Initially, Logan felt uneasy about these activities, but his grandfather disapproved of his hesitation. Since Mason had a knack for lifting his 
spirits, Logan began to think that perhaps Mason’s idea of fun wasn’t 
so bad after all. 
He genuinely viewed Mason as a friend, but did Mason feel the same? 
Or was their friendship based solely on Logan being a Winston? 
Feeling a shiver run down his spine, Logan sat in his car and smoked 
two cigarettes in succession. 
Austin smiled bitterly. “Logan, you certainly dodged a bullet. At least 
you’re not having nightmares like us. Whenever I close my eyes now, I 
find myself back on that mountain again. It’s torture.
“I wanted to return to that place to offer my apologies to Denny and that baby, but my family won’t allow it. They said the area has been 
sealed off.” 
Austin’s expression turned pale. “Denny and that baby had every 
reason to blame me.” 
Logan gazed at him. “Do you truly regret it?” 
“Of course!” Austin murmured, “Thank goodness you called that 
ambulance, Logan. Otherwise, that starlet might have died, too.” 
Logan tightened his grip on the steering wheel. “If the police ask you 
about this incident, will you tell the truth?” 
“Yes!” Austin’s eyes lit up. “Logan, I may be a coward and am too 
afraid to stand up to tell the truth. But if anyone asks me, I won’t chicken out and lie. Someone has to speak up for Denny.” 
Logan pinched his cigarette. “I know someone who can help us.” 
“Who?” Austin’s disbelief was palpable. 
Chang?t áno Paforma Ritual 
“Ronan Rathbone’s niece. Let’s go find her now.” Logan made a U-turn.
Seeing Austin’s perplexed expression, Logan recounted everything to 
him. 
Austin’s m*uth fell open. “That lady predicted something bad would happen, so you bailed?” 
“Yes. Her words stuck with me like a weight on my mind,” Logan admitted, a glimmer of hope emerging. “She seems to know her stuff. 
I’m sure she can help us.” 
Austin straightened up. “If it means redeeming myself, I’ll do whatever 
it takes. Do you think she can perform a ritual for me?” 
“We’ll find out when we see her.” Logan, once skeptical of superstition, now acknowledged its potential. 
Meanwhile, Wynter was supervising the helpers in tidying her 
mansion while Wolf wandered with a stone doll in his arms. 
Wynter pondered how to contact the wealthy lady she had met the day before. Despite sending her numerous WhatsApp messages, she 
had received no responses from Marie. 
Could Marie have forgotten about her overnight? Something didn’t feel right.
###chapter367
Chapter 367 Unusual Sleep 
While Wynter was still lost in thought, Marie had been sleeping since 
she returned to the hotel. 
Shane had confiscated her phone and placed it aside after muting it. 
Although he held contempt for the fake heiress attempting to deceive 
his wife, he wasn’t so crude as to inspect Marie’s phone. 
Observing Marie’s peaceful slumber on the bed, Shane signed softly.” Why are you so soft-hearted?” 
Concerned about the possibility of her overdosing, Shane called the family doctor to come over to check on the medication dosage. 
The doctor shook his head, reassuring him, “Everything is fine, Mr. Quinnell. Mrs. Quinnell hardly slept since her episode two days ago, so her physical strength is quite depleted. That’s why she’s sleeping 
so deeply.” 
Shan breathed a sigh of relief. “That’s good to hear.” 
“You’re truly a devoted husband, Mr. Quinnell,” the doctor said, his tone tinged with envy. “I’ll prepare some nutritional supplements for Mrs. Quinnell to receive intravenously.” 
Shane nodded. Before heading to work, he lit a medicinal incense in 
the room. Even though he couldn’t take time off work at the moment, he decided to arrange for Yvette to examine Marie the following day
as a precaution. 
As Shane pondered, thoughts of Fabian’s recent unusual behavior 
crossed his mind. 
Upon arriving at the company, he headed straight to Fabian’s office to 
confront him. 
“Dad, you can’t just keep Sevie hidden from us. What’s your plan?” 
Shane questioned. 
“When the time is right, you’ll meet her,” Fabian replied calmly. “Since Sevie is returning to the Quinnell family, we can’t take it lightly. We need to gather all her brothers and your in-laws as well.” 
Shan was taken aback. “My in-laws?” 
“Of course!” Fabian retorted. “What’s the matter? Worried they might 
bite you?” 
Shane let out a sigh. “Dad, why do you always push me like this? 
Aren’t you upset when my in-laws disrespect me?” 
“If you were my son-in-law, I’d probably treat you the same as them, 
Fabian remarked. 
Tapping his cane on the ground, he continued, “My daughter-in-law is
flawless, whereas you-Just stay out of our sight, will you? Come see 
me when you’ve figured things out and stop bringing up that adoption 
matter.” 
Shane hung his head in despair, feeling isolated as no one in the 
family seemed to understand him. Even his sons ignored his 
messages. 
On the contrary, Shane’s uncle, Declan Quinnell, seemed to empathize 
with him, often advising him not to take it to heart. 
Despite Declan’s advice, Shane couldn’t help but feel angry. 
Chap; 367Unusual Sleep 
SM 
“Uncle Declan, do you think it’s right to kick Naomi out of the Quinnell 
family like this? She’s just a college student. We can’t just cast her 
aside like that.” 
“Your father probably worries that Sevie would be upset when she 
sees Naomi,” replied Declan, Fabian’s cousin and the Quinnell family’s 
eldest member.
Shane smiled wryly. “Sevie has been away from home for so many 
years. During her absence, Naomi was the one who brought a brief 
moment of peace to the family. 
“I’m sure Sevie will understand when she returns. We’ll explain 
everything to her.” 
“I see your point, but your father sees it differently,” Declan said, 
taking a sip of tea. “Be patient, Shane. Let’s wait until we meet Sevie.” 
Shan glanced at Naomi, who was admiring antiques in the living 
room. “Naomi’s such a dear, I don’t understand why my father 
disapproves of her. 
“She carefully selected a set of antiques for him, but he rejected them 
all. Poor Naomi. She’s just trying to be a thoughtful granddaughter,” 
Shane said sympathetically, unaware of the contradiction in his 
words. 
Declan stroked his beard. “We still have plenty of time ahead of us, so 
there’s no need to rush.”
Meanwhile, Naomi, overhearing their conversation, couldn’t help but feel jealous. She knew Fabian planned to gather all the Quinnell 
brothers to welcome Sevie. 
Even after all her years with the Quinnells, she had never received 
such treatment. 
It was evident that the Quinnells favored the blood-related heiress 
more than her. 
Enjoy Ad-Free Reading
###chapter368
Chapter 368 The Scotts Are in Trouble- 
Chapter 368 The Scotts Are in Trouble 
Naomi lowered her gaze, looking dejected. 
Marcus, who was standing right beside her, noticed and comforted her immediately. 
“Don’t worry, Naomi. We won’t accept someone from the countryside like her. How can she compare to you? 
“Chad and Mason said so themselves. No one would accept her in their circle. She’s nothing but a joke. 
Naomi’s head jerked up at that. “Marcus, don’t ever say that in front of Grandpa Fabian.” 
“Great-Uncle Fabian is playing favorites.” Marcus pouted. “Was I wrong? I was just stating facts. If my grandpa were in charge, he would never let that bumpkin into the family.” 
“Marcus! How can you 
Naomi looked behind Marcus and grew angry say that? That’s your cousin you’re talking about. Even if outsiders call her a bumpkin, you shouldn’t!” 
“Naomi, why are you still siding with her? Why is it that Great-Uncle Fabian is driving you out as soon as she returns? 
“Mason thought about it carefully and concluded that that woman must have said something to Great- Uncle Fabian. She’s already jealous of you before even stepping into this house!”
Shane’s brows were furrowing deeper. “Marcus, don’t trust rumors blindly when you haven’t even met Sevie. Can’t you think for yourself?” 
Chapter Bus The Satts Arem Tumble 
His displeasure was evident from his darkened expression. “She 
doesn’t even know of Naomi’s existence. How can she be jealous?” 
Marcus was unabashed even after being reprimanded. “Think about it, 
Uncle Shane. Does she really not know? Great-Uncle Fabian would 
have told her. 
“Why else is Great-Uncle Fabian not letting you meet her when it’s 
been so many days? It must be that bumpkin sowing discord!” 
Shane clenched his fists slightly. “Enough!” 
“Shane, there’s a better way to discipline a grown adult.” 
Right then, Declan walked over and delivered a hard slap across 
Marcus’ ch*ek. 
Marcus was stunned, his eyes widening in disbelief. “Grandpa?” 
His grandfather had always doted on him. How could he hit him? 
Declan glanced at Naomi before shifting his gaze back at Marcus.
“The person they’re bringing home is your cousin. If I hear you call her 
a bumpkin one more time, I will return you to your father. And don’t 
forget, Marcus, your Great-Uncle Fabian dislikes fools.” 
Declan’s voice was deep and husky when he spoke, scaring Marcus. He didn’t understand where his grandfather’s anger was coming from. It wasn’t like their families were close anyway. 
They were bringing home a bumpkin and he would never 
acknowledge her as his cousin. 
However, Shane’s anger felt genuine, leaving Marcus no choice but to 
The Scotts Are in Trouble 
apologize. 
“I’m sorry, Uncle Shane. I was influenced by the rumors. Grandpa is right-I’m a fool. Please forgive me. I’ll apologize to Sevie personally 
when I meet her.” 
Shane’s mind was foggy, and he simply responded, “Forget it.” 
“People are actually talking about Sevie like that? Thank goodness 
Naomi knows better and has Sevie’s back,” Shane muttered to
himself. 
He shifted his gaze to his adopted daughter. “Don’t worry, Naomi. 
Grandpa has a temper, but he won’t kick you out.” 
Naomi sniffled. “Grandpa won’t even see me these days. It’s not really 
a big deal. I can leave the family. I’m just worried about Grandpa’s 
health.” 
Shane was moved. “There, there. I’ll talk some sense into him. It’s the 
Scotts that is the problem. They’re absolutely wicked!” 
Shane was furious about the rumors they created about Sevie. How 
dare they call her a bumpkin? She was his daughter! 
“You don’t need to concern yourself with them. Mason got into some 
trouble recently.” Declan took out a handkerchief and coughed heavily 
into it twice. 
Seemingly weary, he advised, “It won’t be easy for him to get himself out of this situation. Be careful. Don’t get too involved with them.”
###chapter369
Chapter 369 There Is More to Wynter Than Meets the Eye 
What could have happened to the Scotts? 
Shane thought of asking Vincent to look into it as soon as he exited 
the villa, but he wasn’t around. When he called his number, he was greeted by sobs. 
“My nephew, Hayden… He’s gone.” 
Hayden was the same person Chad and his friends called Denny. 
After Shane understood what had happened, he felt uneasy. His head -throbbed even more. It reminded him of his wife who also sometimes 
acted strangely. 
Suddenly, he asked his driver to turn back. “Take me to Mr. Novak’s.” 
“Yes, Mr. Quinnell.” 
Darrel was especially busy today. It seemed like all of the aristocratic families in Kingbourne -except for the Winstons-were seeking him 
out. 
Logan Winston was searching for Wynter instead. 
“Sir Rathbone, you’re telling me you don’t know?” Logan didn’t believe him. “Sir Rathbone, just look at Austin’s dark circles. Could you please just tell us where your niece is?”
“Mr. Logan, calm down.” Ronan was playing with crickets in a cage. Hear me out. From what I could see yesterday, your brother looks down on my niece. 
Chang’e 365 There . More to Wynter Than Meets the Eye 
“If she shows up again, there’s no telling what he’s going to say this 
time. Don’t you agree?” 
Logan went around him and bowed slightly. “Sir Rathbone, I know my brother’s actions yesterday were shameful. That woman saved my 
life, yet my brother accused her of seducing me. 
“Could you please ignore the fact that I’m a Winston? Austin really 
can’t keep going on like this.” 
It was only then that Ronan looked at him, his gaze deepening. “The 
Winston family has always sought spiritual guidance from Mr. Novak. 
“Mr. Logan, I’m saying this for your own good. If you seek someone 
else for help, you will definitely be reprimanded by your grandfather. 
“He’ll just reprimand me for a day or two. It’s no big deal. I just really 
want to help out.” Logan was truly regretful. 
Ronan hesitated before responding, “Give me a minute. I need to ask- 
her fiancé.”
Both Logan and Austin were dumbfounded. Just what was Ronan 
playing at? 
Ronan stepped out to make the call, and it seemed like the person who answered agreed because Ronan returned with a smile. 
“Come on, follow me. Just don’t forget to repay your debt of gratitude. 
“We won’t!” 
At that moment, Logan and Austin had no idea that this debt of 
Change: 369 There is More to Wynter Than Meets the Eye 
gratitude would come in handy in the future. 
Next to a beach, a carpenter was going in and out of a mansion’s 
courtyard. 
He was only responsible for the labor since their client this time appeared to be a designer. The drawings and quality raw materials were already provided to them. Once they finished work today, it 
would be used tomorrow. 
The mansion’s interior boasted a Cascadian style. Since the previous owner had renovated it beautifully, there was no need for further 
enhancements. 
While the carpenter was working on a cabinet, he asked, “Ms.
Quinnell, who was this mansion’s previous owner? 
“Everything inside seems unused, yet the mansion’s already been sold to you. Selling those pieces of furniture would fetch quite a fortune.” 
“It’s possible that they had financial difficulties,” Wynter said with a faint smile. She then casually grabbed a handful of food before walking into the living room. 
She absentmindedly played with a lighter after placing a mahogany twig in the middle of the room. Smirking, she seemed to silently 
m*uth, “Get lost.” 
The carpenter didn’t hear her. However, he noticed that the mansion appeared much brighter when he came back in. 
Meanwhile, Wolf appeared to be playing under the tree, staring at a ball for a very long time. 
Chupp + 363 There is More to Wynter Than Meets the Ey 
+ 
When the old folks from the neighborhood came in and saw him, they asked him, “Wolf, why did you bring that back? Be a good boy and 
throw it out. Let’s not play with old toys.” 
Wolf tilted his head. Throw it out? 
Instead of doing so, he stepped on it. The ball popped with a loud 
sound.
He was very annoyed that it had been bouncing on its own. 
Enjoy Ad-Free Reading>> 
Go
###chapter370
Chapter 370 Wynter’s Marvelous Foresight 
The old folks were bewildered and broke out into a discussion. 
“Didn’t they say the ball can’t be deflated?” 
“That’s what I recall too, and it seemed pretty scary.” 
“They said whoever tries to step on it will surely fall. Haven’t we been hearing noises at night? I have a feeling it was coming from the ball.” 
“But there’s no one here. How could it make noises? Let’s drop it. It’ll 
get dark soon. We don’t want to scare Wolf.” 
Wolf looked up with an innocent look on his face, holding the ball in 
his hand. 
Something didn’t seem quite right to the old folks. 
“I guess it’s understandable. Didn’t Wynter mention that Wolf was a ghost hunter?” 
While they were talking, Margaret entered the yard with fruits and 
snacks in hand, about to invite the neighbors to a game of chess. 
It was quite unusual that a once-haunted house was now bustling with a lively gathering. Wynter was even busy setting up the barbeque grill, preparing to grill a rack of lamb, 
A passing property agent was baffled by this scene. Rubbing his eyes, he asked the person with him, “Did nothing happen here?”
“Nope. They’re doing good. It’s making me want to buy a mansion. myself, but it’s just too expensive. I wonder how much this mansion 
was sold for.” 
How much? Well, the property agent had sold it at a loss, and he regretted it deeply. 
Right then, Ronan approached with Logan and Austin in tow, their affluence apparent at first sight. 
The property agent thought of squeezing in another deal and asked them, “Gentlemen, are you here searching for property? This mansion is selling at a bargain!” 
“A bargain? I think you’re just trying to sell us a haunted house,” Ronan responded while still going through the address in his hand. 
The property agent gestured to his side. “Sir, please don’t say that. Have you seen this place? Despite the rumors in the neighborhood, does it look like a haunted house to you? 
“People have moved in. They only claimed it’s a haunted house to 
lower the price.” 
Ronan was a long-time Kingbourne resident, so he knew of a few mansions that were off-limits not only because of their bad energy 
but also because of the presence of ghosts. 
Ronan recognized the place when the property agent pointed it out. 
“This place?” It coincided with the location he had been given.
Logan was smart when he needed to be. He commented, “Sir Rathbone, your niece is amazing. She can even fix a haunted house. She would definitely be able to guide us through a cleansing ritual!” 
A cleansing ritual? Was the previous owner a medium? 
The property agent opened his m*uth as if to speak and glanced 
toward the mansion. Originally intending to deceive Ronan and his group, he inexplicably shivered and left in a hurry. 
The mansion’s courtyard was well-designed and brimming with energy. There was even a glass pavilion where sunlight streamed in. It looked nothing like a haunted house. 
Austin’s reaction was even more bizarre. As soon as he entered, the 
chills he felt disappeared, and his shoulders felt lighter. It was as if 
whatever had been following him had vanished. 
Austin’s eyelids grew heavy, and he yawned. Excitedly, he grabbed Logan, exclaiming, “Logan, it really works!” 
Logan was puzzled. “Nothing has been done yet. What works?” 
“I just love it here. I want to stay here. It feels safe!” Austin couldn’t 
explain it, but he truly felt peaceful inside. How could he not? 
Meanwhile, Wolf was still playing with the deflated ball. When he saw 
Logan and Austin, his eyes narrowed and shone with an extremely
dark gleam. 
He then ran over to Wynter and tugged at her shirt, signing excitedly,” 
The scions are here! I like that man’s scent very much!” 
Getting Wolf’s interest wasn’t a good thing. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow and looked toward where Wolf was 
pointing, her gaze landing on Austin. 
That man… didn’t have much time left to live.
###chapter371
Chapter 371 Flaunting Her Talents 
Austin would never imagine a medium to look the way she did. She 
was extremely beautiful and young. Grilling the rack of lamb, she 
looked like a celebrity instead of a medium. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow slightly. “Are you here because of the accident? You need me to perform a cleansing ritual?” 
Logan and Austin were stunned by her words, extremely impressed. How did she figure it out when they hadn’t said anything? 
The Scotts would have never let news of the incident leak out. The 
only explanation left would be that the spirits told her. 
Austin looked like he saw his savior. “Master, please save me!” 
“I won’t get involved,” Wynter said nonchalantly. “You will pay for the sins you’ve committed yourself in full.” 
Austin went pale and turned to Ronan. “Sir Rathbone, say something, 
please.” 
Ronan would never go against Wynter’s decision. Rubbing his nose, he said, “She said she won’t get involved. I guess that’s your destiny.” 
Austin’s m*uth was hanging open as he approached Wynter. “Master,
I know I was wrong. If you could just-” 
Suddenly, Wolf stood in front of him and crinkled his nose. He then 
signed at Wynter. 
Wynter stopped in her tracks and turned back to look at Austin. “That 
specter on you was redirected to you?” 
Specter? Redirected? Austin didn’t understand what she meant. 
Wynter scrutinized Austin’s features closely; he didn’t seem like a villainous individual, yet there was an unmistakable cloud of 
resentment enveloping his entire being. She could even make out the figure taking shape on his shoulders. 
Wynter tossed a mahogany twig into the fire. “I can save you, but you need to tell me who the real perpetrator behind the accident was.” 
Upon hearing this, Austin froze for a moment, his eyes darting around. Without looking at Wynter, he told her, “The perpetrator fell off a cliff. He already paid with his life.” 
“Has he really?” Wynter chuckled. Playing with a copper coin, she spoke with a tinge of mockery, “In this world, only human hearts waver. Other entities abide by the law of an eye for an eye. 
“The reason he came to you is because the real perpetrator hasn’t 
been punished.” 
Austin turned pale. “He? Who’s he?”
“You know very well.” Wynter looked at him, her gaze darkening. Don’t your shoulders feel heavy carrying such a heavy burden?” 
Austin’s hand trembled violently, and he instinctively looked at his shoulder. An inexplicable chill crept up his neck. 
Logan asked him to spill, but Austin was afraid of implicating hist 
family. 
Wynter smirked. “The real perpetrator is pushing you to take the 
Chapter 3/1 Flaunting Her Talents 
blame, yet you’re still protecting him. Your commitment to the bro code is touching!” 
“Pushing me to take the blame?” Ausin was taken aback. 
Wynter responded impassively, “Haven’t you ever wondered why you could feel it so strongly since this afternoon when you aren’t even the perpetrator? Someone from his side has set up a ritual.” 
“The Scotts invited Mr. Novak to their residence, but he was only there to calm the matter down.” Austin was in turmoil, and his vision 
started to blur as he looked at Logan. 
Wynter finally got the answer she wanted. “The Scotts? So, the real perpetrators are the Scotts? Do they have information on your birthdate and horoscope?” 
“They not only have mine but Logan’s and Rupert’s as well. No wonder
they asked the three of us to go over today!” 
Austin didn’t care about family matters any longer. Clenching his fists, he spat out, “Mason Scott! I had always treated him as my 
brother!” 
“That explains why Mr. Logan is also surrounded by a cloud of 
resentment even when he had avoided the accident.” Wynter finally 
understood. 
She added nonchalantly, “The best way to protect himself would be to 
give up three names to have the specter redirected to.”
###chapter372
Chapter 372 Master 
When Logan heard Wynter, he was disappointed. They had been 
friends with Mason for more than a decade and had always done as 
he said. 
But today, he had dragged the three of them into this mess just to save himself. 
Wynter was rolling her copper coin across her knuckles when she suddenly remarked, “Your other friend is probably having the hardest 
time right now.” 
With Logan and Austin now in the courtyard, not to mention Wolf’s presence, no spirits would dare approach them. 
Atwater had previously mentioned that the souls of children who died prematurely, especially those who had the chance to be born but were denied life, harbored deep grievances. 
The specter could have been terrorizing three individuals, but now only one remained. It was a pitiable situation for that individual. 
Logan, anxious to save his friend, asked, “What should we do?” 
Immediately after, his phone in his pocket rang. It was Rupert calling. Logan had just answered when he heard Rupert seemingly on the verge of collapse. 
“Logan, I’m so cold. Can you come and keep me company? I’m scared.
Cold? At this time? 
Logan, thinking only of helping his friend, didn’t realize anything was amiss. He was about to agree when Wynter took his phone from him. She asked them to wait outside. 
As the doors closed, her voice was clear and crisp as she spoke into the phone, “No. Kid, the person you’re looking for is at the Scott residence. His name is Mason Scott!” 
“Who are you?” The voice on the other end seemed to emphasize his 
words. 
Wynter squeezed the copper coin. “The person who can point you to the right person to exact revenge.” 
“Why should I listen to you?” A howling wind came through the phone. 
Instead of speaking, Wynter pulled Wolf closer. Wolf uttered, “Oh?” 
“How about now?” Wynter asked. 
The specter was now listening. But unexpectedly, all that came through the line was a burst of sobs. It sounded pitiful, yet incredibly eerie. “Master, I feel so aggrieved!” 
Master? Wynter looked at Wolf, who was equally puzzled. 
The specter’s voice was clear as day. “Master, you need to stand up for me. I would have been born in another two weeks if it wasn’t for 
that bastard who hit us! 
“That woman is equally awful. She doesn’t love me at all!”
“Hold on.” Wynter raised an eyebrow. “Who are you calling Master?” 
The specter immediately responded, “You, of course. Master Atwater 
said if we bump into chaos, then Master must be near. 
“You’ve met my mentor?” Wynter suddenly realized something. “How many times have you failed to be reincarnated?” 
The specter was feeling lost. “I can’t remember. None of them like me. They should all come down here and accompany me!” 
At the end of his sentence, Wynter could feel his overwhelming 
resentment even through the phone. 
The reason the Scotts had redirected the specter was because they 
had no other choice. This seemed to be a problem that had no 
solutions. 
“What mess has Atwater pulled me into this time?” As Wynter spoke, 
she brought the phone closer to her. “Kid, if you trust me, go look for 
Mason Scott. Don’t get too serious with the others. Some of them are 
not that bad.” 
The specter was quite easy to talk to with Wynter. “I like it when you
call me kid. I don’t wish to follow this silly man, either. I can’t contro 
myself.” 
“Can’t control yourself?” Wynter repeated. “Is someone trying to control you?” 
Redirecting a specter is one thing, but controlling one is another. Wynter waved her hand and pressed the copper coin against the phone. Soon, the coin lost its luster. 
The specter exclaimed, “I can move now! But what a waste of your artifact.” 
“As long as you’re free.” Wynter smiled faintly. 
The specter was still hounding Rupert. “I thought you were going to 
advise me against revenge.”
###chapter373
Chapter 373 Intentional Sabotage 
“I would have retaliated, too,” Wynter said coolly. “I’m in no position to give you advice.” 
The specter was delighted. “Out of respect to you, I’ll spare this Bailey guy. I’ll head to the Scotts immediately!” 
“Wait.” Wynter bit into her finger before pressing on the phone. “The Scotts have someone guiding them spiritually. Let me know if you run into trouble. I’ll come and save you.” 
This was the first time the specter heard someone offer to rescue him. He paused for a moment, forming the idea of a mother in his 
mind for the first time. 
He dropped his resentment. 
At the moment, it wasn’t only Austin and Logan who felt a remarkable sense of relief. Even Rupert, who already had one foot off the second floor’s balcony, decided not to end his life. 
Rupert’s family was still bawling their eyes out when he told his grandfather, “Grandpa, it’s the Scotts. They’ve messed with the spirits and pinned them on me.” 
With that, he collapsed in his grandfather’s arms. 
Although the Fentons and Baileys were not as powerful as the Scotts, they were affluent families in their own right and didn’t need to rely on the Scotts for their livelihood. 
Hearing his grandson, Andrew Bailey understood there was more to 
the accident than it first seemed. He would never treat the Scotts the
same way again. 
They had never wronged anyone, yet in the end, they were harmed by 
the Scotts. 
Andrew kept this grudge in mind. 
At the Scott family’s mansion on the mountainside, Peter seemingly invited Darrell over for a cleansing ritual. 
In reality, there was someone else he wanted to meet due to the successive failures in Southdale, and then Kingbourne. 
That man wore a rosary bracelet that was wrapped around his wrist 
twice. 
After he took a seat in the center of the Scotts’ backyard, he spoke calmly, “Don’t worry. Even though it’s not easy to get rid of a specter, didn’t you already redirect its resentment someplace else? Your grandson will be fine.” 
“I know. Your divinations have never been wrong.” Peter was very 
respectful of this guest. 
Peter’s guest stood up. “Then let’s discuss more important matters. 
Why has Jackson returned from Southdale? Did you not receive news 
of this?”
“The person we sent only found out after Jackson arrived in 
Kingbourne.” Peter clenched his fists. “Also, the Quinnells have found 
their daughter. I’m afraid her presence would hinder our plans.” 
Twirling his sandalwood beads, the guest replied, “What can she do? As long as we have Shane under control, the Quinnells are destined 
for decline. 
“I’ve told you before that unless a miracle happens, it’s hard to restore the flow of good fortune. Be patient. We’ve waited for so many years, a little longer won’t hurt.” 
Peter nodded, his gaze drifting to the closed door where Darrell continued his ritual. Mason would be safe after today. 
Little did Peter know, their ritual had already been foiled. 
Meanwhile, back at the mansion, Wynter came out and told Austin that the matter had been resolved. From now on, you should ignore whatever happens to Mason. That’s his retribution.” 
“I understand.” 
Austin was indeed a decent man. Instead of leaving immediately, he asked, “Is there any way to make amends to the baby and Denny?” 
Wynter thought about it before saying, “Offer up some money and clothes during prayers, as well as a phone, a tablet, candies, and ice 
cream.”
“A phone, tablet, candies, and ice cream?” Even Ronan, who was 
knowledgeable in such customs, thought Wynter was joking. 
Margaret was also shaking her head with a smile as she approached 
them. “Wynter, I believe the herbal medicine is almost ready. And 
what are you telling your friends this time?”
###chapter374
Chapter 374 Marie’s Identity 
“In a moment.” Wynter was preoccupied. “I’m teaching them to keep up with the trends.” 
Austin understood. “I’ll get it done immediately.” 
“Wait till the seal is lifted before you go.” Wynter passed him three mahogany twigs to be placed by the bedroom window and handed three more to Logan. “You, too.” 
Both of them were extremely moved. “We don’t know how to thank you enough.” 
“You can thank me through market rate,” Wynter said as she nudged 
Wolf. 
Wolf immediately took out the QR code. 
Wynter asked Ronan, “Uncle Ronan, how much does Mr. Novak charge for cleansing rituals?” 
“It depends. It could go as high as millions, but at the very least, it would cost 60 thousand.” 
Wynter looked at Logan. “I’ll charge 60 thousand, then. 20 thousand 
each.” 
To these scions, 20 thousand was nothing but ten days of their allowance. Austin transferred the money without much thought. 
Logan wanted to cover Rupert’s share as well, but Wynter stopped him. “Inform the Baileys instead. That way, they would know of you 
Chapter 374 Mane’s identity
and Austin’s generosity toward them.” 
Surprised by Wynter’s thoughtfulness, Logan and Austin exchanged glances. They wondered if she was truly just a medium as her capabilities seemed to extend far beyond that. 
“By the way, I have a personal question.” Wynter was feeling anxious 
since she couldn’t reach a certain someone. 
She had already done her research and found out Vincent no longer 
worked for the Yarwoods. However, she had no information on where 
he went after leaving. 
The fact that a Jenkins would willingly serve as an assistant 
indicated that the family he was working for could only be within 
Kingbourne’s influential circle. 
“Which family in your circle has lost a child?” Wynter went straight to the point. 
Austin responded quickly, “That would be the Quinnells. Everyone knows that. Right, Logan?” 
Logan nodded. “That’s right. They also recently found her. It is said. she will make an appearance in a few days.” 
Austin added with a hint of melancholy, “I have no idea what to talk to her about. I pity her when I think about it. Everyone loves Naomi, I’m sure she won’t be able to get used to it.” 
Ronan coughed conspicuously, but the two scions didn’t take the hint.
Austin asked, “Why are you asking, Master?” 
Wynter looked at him meaningfully. “It’s nothing. Is there any other 
Chap 3/4 Mane’s Identify 
family that lost a child other than the Quinnells?” 
“Nope.” Logan shook his head. “After what happened to the Quinnells, 
we’ve all been cautious.” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. It was just too much of a coincidence. 
She rephrased her question. “Is there a wealthy woman in your circle 
who looks very young, has fair skin, long hair, and a medical history?” 
“Mrs. Quinnell!” Ronan blurted out. “You’ve met Mrs. Quinnell?” 
That couldn’t be. Fabian had made it clear that he would only 
announce Sevie’s identity during her coming-of-age ceremony after all 
the paperwork in the company was completed. He would have made 
sure they avoided each other. 
Wynter’s gaze fell. They were inscrutable. She understood what
Ronan meant. 
There seemed to be a subtle pull in the depths of her consciousness. She naturally felt a closeness and couldn’t help but worry about Marie. It was all because Marie was her biological mother. 
Wynter played with her purple sugilite pendant, lost in thought. Sh didn’t understand why someone who fought so hard to find their child would love a sponsee so much that they thought of adopting her. 
Wynter was smart. Before she arrived in Kingborne, she had never thought of acknowledging her family. However, after knowing the truth, she couldn’t help but suspect her mother didn’t have a say in the adoption. 
That was because she had lost part of her soul. 
“Uncle Ronan, take me to her.”
###chapter375
Chapter 375 Off to Meet Her Biological Mother 
Wynter never imagined that the person she met on the streets would be her biological mother. 
Almost everyone in Kingbourne knew the Quinnells’ lost daughter was finally going home. Even though Fabian hadn’t announced it officially, 
he would have told his son. 
So, why was her mother still searching for her? Did Shane not tell her 
she was back? 
Wynter narrowed her eyes, revealing a chilling gaze unlike anything 
seen before. 
Ronan was startled by her look and pulled her aside. Lowering his 
voice, he said, “Ms. Sevie, Mrs. Quinnell is ill and rarely sees anyone. 
Mr. Quinnell has her strictly guarded 
“If you wish to see Mrs. Quinnell, Mr. Quinnell Senior will have to 
intervene.” 
“Why is it so complicated for a daughter to meet their biological 
mother?” Wynter mocked. 
Ronan wanted to say something, but when Logan and Austin
approached them, he immediately went silent, trying to think of an 
explanation. 
Austin was enthusiastic. “Master, if you would like to meet Mrs. 
Quinnell, we know of a way. Right, Logan?” 
Logan agreed without hesitation. “Leave it to us. It won’t be a 
Chap 325 off to Meet Her Biological Mother 
problem.” 
“Thank you both.” Wynter wasted no time. She grabbed a black bag and brought Wolf with her as she left with the both of them. 
With the neighbors keeping Margaret company, she was able to 
attend to other matters with peace of mind. 
Ronan understood that Wynter didn’t want him to contact Fabian, so 
he didn’t comment further. Little did he know, Logan’s solution was to 
contact that sponsee, Naomi. 
Ronan, who was driving them, shuddered at every word he heard 
Logan speak. He wondered if it was too late to stop the car now. 
Unfortunately, Logan was already on the phone and sounded
enthusiastic. “Naomi, that’s right. We just wanted to see Mrs. Quinnell. Aren’t you always concerned about her health? We’ve found 
a good doctor. 
“You’ve also found a doctor? That’s great, we’ll all visit her together.” 
Naomi found it hard to refuse Logan’s approach. She could only 
respond with a smile, “In that case, you go ahead first. I’ll head ove 
once I finish up here. You know my mom’s condition well, so please 
watch your words.” 
“Don’t worry.” Logan knew she meant not to mention Sevie. 
Logan still found it strange after he hung up. “Sir Rathbone, haven’t 
the Quinnells found Ms. Sevie yet? Why are they still cautious about 
mentioning her in front of Mrs. Quinnell?” 
Ronan didn’t answer him. If he had known Logan was this talkative, he would have gone straight to Fabian instead. 
Chapter 375-09 to Meet Her Biological Mother 
However, Wynter smiled, looking amused. “All this time, the topic of Ms. Sevie has been a taboo for Mrs. Quinnell?”
“That’s right. She can’t be mentioned with Mrs. Quinnell around. Otherwise, Mrs. Quinnell will show symptoms of her illness.” 
Austin lowered his voice before he continued, “It’s pretty scary.” 
Wynter tapped her fingers on the table. Speaking slowly, she asked, How exactly is it scary?” 
“She becomes delirious and aggressive. She would even mutter repeatedly that no one can harm Ms. Sevie, that she would fight them to death or something similar.” 
Austin then turned to Logan. “Logan should have witnessed it himself. 
Logan nodded. “It’s been over ten years. It happened at a banquet when she suddenly fell ill and grabbed hold of several children’s necks, refusing to let go. When she came to, she kept crying, afraid 
that she had hurt us. 
“It was because of this incident that she never attended any banquet since then. It was as if she had turned invisible.” 
Austin nodded in agreement. “That’s right. My mom told me that Mrs. Quinnell used to be very cool. She’s nothing like she was before.”
###chapter376
Chapter 376 Do Not Offend Wynter 
Logan’s voice was filled with fear. “It’s quite frightening, but Mrs. Quinnell feels much better when Mr Quinnell and Naomi are around. The doctor said her condition is due to excessive sorrow, which has 
affected her mind.” 
“Master, what do you think?” Logan asked tentatively. “Do you think Mrs. Quinnell might have encountered some malicious entities?” 
Wynter quickly put away her purple sugilite pendant. “No. Mrs. Quinnell is gentle and blessed. Malicious entities wouldn’t dare approach her.” 
Upon hearing this, Austin couldn’t help but be envious. “Why does she 
have this illness, then?” 
“The doctor said it’s due to excessive sorrow, right?” Wynter replied 
nonchalantly. 
Ronan finally understood, but Logan still didn’t understand. 
“But if it’s just an illness, why are you so anxious to see her, Mas 
Master 
“I have a connection with her,” Wynter remarked casually. 
Logan, however, was serious. “I understand! Helping those with connections to you leads to ascension, right?”
“You’ve been reading too many novels.” Wynter’s expression remained unchanged. “Why did you say you found a doctor to diagnose her on the phone just now?” 
“It was a sudden idea. Except for Master Novak, Mr. Quinnell trusts no one else,” Logan explained thoughtfully. “By saying you’re a doctor, no one would suspect you, especially the Scott family. I’m afraid they 
might target you.” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “Why would they target me?” 
“It’s my fault.” Logan recounted his conversation with Peter. “I was 
too afraid of Mr. Scott Senior. When he asked, I spilled everything to 
him. 
“But I didn’t tell him about your relationship with Sir Rathbone, so the 
Scott family shouldn’t be able to find you for a while.” 
After listening to what Logan said, Wynter rested her ch*ek on her 
hand lazily. “Chad will say it even if you don’t. It won’t change. 
anything.” 
Logan exclaimed, “I’ll call Chad now!” 
“No need,” Wynter replied with a meaningful tone. “Chad knows the 
pros and cons. It’s fine if he mentions it. I’m just an outsider. After all
your relationship with the Scott family is more important.” 
Logan admitted that Wynter was right; Chad was indeed that kind of 
person. 
“I’m sorry.” He lowered his gaze. 
Wynter glanced at him. “What are you apologizing for? It doesn’t matter if they target me.” 
“Master, you need to prepare. Once the Scott family targets someone, it’s hard to shake them off,” Austin advised. “Sir Rathbone, why don’t 
Chopper 3761 – Not Liftend Wynter 
you think of a solution? You have a wide network; you could protect 
Master.” 
At this point, Ronan spoke up. “Just let the Scott family come at us.” 
Did they think Wynter was afraid of the Scott family, who kept saying Wynter was a jinx? 
Ronan was getting angry, but he couldn’t reveal his identity. 
Logan whispered, “Sir Rathbone, don’t act rashly. Let’s discuss it 
thoroughly.” 
“No need,” Wynter said, lifting her gaze with a dangerously beautiful face. “Don’t you two know? Never provoke a fortune teller.
“If the Scott family dares to use unorthodox methods against me, 
they’ll only bring misfortune upon themselves. 
“It’s a small matter if the Scott family loses their fortune, but if they’re destroyed, it’s not my fault. After all, whoever starts it is the one at 
fault.” 
With that last sentence from Wynter, Logan and Austin froze, feeli 
an indescribable chill down their spines. 
They had forgotten Wynter’s identity as she had been too gentle with 
them. 
Every time their family wanted to sell a new property, they would respectfully invite a fortune teller to oversee it. 
Logan remembered vividly how the Winston family’s mall always encountered problems. 
Chups 376 Do Not Offend Wynter 
At the time, the Yarwood family helped Theo invite Deangelo Morin 
from Mt. Dragon. 
With just one glance at the mall, Deangelo declared that a fortune teller had plotted against them during the initial construction stage. They had deliberately set up a harmful energy in the mall that harmed both people and themselves.
Chap 377/Meeting the Sponsee 
###chapter377
Chapter 377 Meeting the Sponsee 
When the thought struck Logan, he immediately pleaded, “Master, Chad offended you before. Can you let him off the hook for my sake?” 
“You’re quite good to Chad,” Wynter replied flatly. 
Logan scratched his head. “Chad has been taking care of me since I 
was young. It’s just that he’s a bit love-struck this time for some 
reason.” 
The car stopped outside the hotel. 
After Wynter said, “I’m not interested in Chad,” she exited the car 
briskly. 
With the black bag slung over his shoulder, Wolf held onto Wynter’s 
clothes, and his eyes lit up as soon as he saw the hotel. 
He raised his hand and gestured, “I like it here.” 
“The atmosphere is chaotic; of course you’d like it,” Wynter remarke from a fortune teller’s perspective. There were numerous issues wit 
the hotel. 
Without saying much, Wynter walked swiftly into the lobby, with
Logan and Austin quickly following suit. 
The hotel was modern and owned by the Quinnell family. 
The guest relations manager greeted Logan warmly upon his entry.” 
Mr. Logan, Ms. Quinnell will be here soon. 
“She informed us that a friend of hers would be visiting Mrs. Quinnell. 
ng the Spensed 
We’ve prepared afternoon tea in the lobby, and once Mrs. Quinnell 
wakes up, she’ll come down.” 
“Wakes up?” Wynter seized the key point. “Is she napping, or has she not woken up yet?” 
The guest relations manager, who hadn’t seen Wynter before, glanced. 
at her attire and ignored her question. He turned to Logan instead.” 
Mr. Logan, this way please.” 
Logan blurted out, “My friend asked you a question. Why aren’t you 
answering her?” 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Logan.” Only then did the manager turn to Wynter. What did you just say? Could you please repeat it?”
Wynter looked at him and noticed his name tag. “VIP guest relations 
manager, Benson Reilly?” 
“Yes.” Benson didn’t mind being called out. After all, he knew all the 
youngsters from influential families. 
As he was someone who followed Naomi around, he assumed th 
lady, who had a beautiful face but was unfamiliar, was brought by Logan to have some fun and didn’t understand the rules. 
“You were saying?” Benson smiled pretentiously. 
One couldn’t find fault with the kind of person that Benson was. Yet, 
he was clearly treating Wynter differently, taking advantage of the 
fact that she had no status. 
Austin interjected, annoyed, “What are you insinuating with your 
attitude?” 
Benson was surprised that the Fenton family’s young master had 
spoken up for Wynston. 
His face was full of astonishment. He treated the pretty girls who 
came with the young masters and ladies the same way. Why was he
being reprimanded for it today? 
Benson wanted to explain, but before he could, a sweet chuckle rang 
out. “Who made Mr. Fenton angry? It seems our hotel’s service isn’t 
up to par. We should self-reflect for failing to meet a five-star hotel’s 
standards.” 
It was Naomi. She was dressed artistically today, with her long hair 
tied up with a vibrant flower that gave her a mermaid-like appearance, 
and a matching long skirt below. 
She looked soft and delicate. As she was not very tall, she always 
seemed to evoke a sense of pity when people looked at her. 
She walked over gracefully, holding a thermos box, followed by two bodyguards and Fiona. 
Fiona was the first to notice Wynter, and her brows furrowed immediately. Her tone was disdainful and intense. “You 
troublemaker! How dare you come here? Who let you in?” 
Her words caused everyone’s expressions to change except for 
Wynter, who lazily raised her eyelids, smiling as if she didn’t care 
about Fiona.
Fiona was even more infuriated by that smile. She approached 
Wynter. “Do you know whose hotel this is? And yet you dare to come 
in?”
###chapter378
Chup 378 Biological Father 
Chapter 378 Biological Father 
Upon hearing this, Ronan quickly stepped forward to shield Wynter. Do you know who you’re talking to? You’re just a sycophant!” 
“You… You!” Fiona’s hand trembled with anger. 
Naomi recognized Ronan and pulled Fiona back. 
Logan had mentioned before on the phone that he would bring over a 
doctor. However, Naomi didn’t expect that the so-called doctor would 
be Wynter. 
How could someone like Wynter have such connections? Even Ronan 
of Panzarath was protecting her. 
Naomi clenched her fists. 
But when she was about to speak, Logan smirked sarcastically, 
saying, “Naomi, your attendant here has quite an audacious attitude. 
One would think she’s one of the Quinnell family’s relatives.” 
“Fiona didn’t mean it that way.” Naomi sighed. “I knew you would
misunderstand.” 
Then, she looked at Wynter as if she had been wronged. “Dr. Genius, why don’t you explain to everyone why Fiona reacted so strongly when she saw you?” 
Explain? 
Wynter raised an eyebrow and stated succinctly, “The dog wanted to bite me, so I hit it.” 
Π 
Chapter 378 Biological Father 
“You!” Fiona wished she could kill Wynter on the spot. 
But Wynter’s attention was on Wolf, who shook his head while pinching his nose. 
Seeing this, Naomi raised her voice. “Dr. Genius, there’s no point in trying to avoid some problems. Logan brought you to the Quinnell residence because he trusts you, but you haven’t been honest with 
him. 
“We had a very unpleasant experience in Southdale, and I thought you would mend your ways, Dr. Genius. But it seems I was mistaken. 
When she encounters someone powerful, she only becomes more 
aggressive.” 
Naomi turned to Logan. “Logan, Mr. Winston Senior should have told you that not everyone can become our friend. In the future, take some
time to understand the people you’re not familiar with before bringing 
them out.” 
Logan was puzzled now. 
Wynter didn’t tell him that she and Naomi had a conflict. And it eve 
happened in Southdale! What was going on here? 
Logan looked at Wynter subconsciously. 
She seemed indifferent to all this. She was just patting Wolf’s back and whispering something to him. 
On the other hand, Ronan had had enough. His gaze fell on Naomi, who looked down on others. 
“You’re just the Quinnell family’s sponsee and not even their adopted 
Change 378 Rolegica Father 
daughter. What right do you have to represent the Quinnell family? 
You-” 
“She has the right because I am her father.” 
Suddenly, a group of people walked into the lobby. 
At the forefront was Shane, who was dressed sharply in a suit. 
The Quinnell family’s genes were indeed good. Shane looked dignified
and had a strong presence. 
Logan and Austin, the younger generation, suddenly felt intimidated and respectfully greeted, “Mr. Quinnell.” 
Shane glanced at them. “What are you doing here? Shouldn’t you be at the Scott residence?” 
This question made Logan and Austin feel guilty. 
Shane didn’t have the mood to lecture them. 
Since Darrel wasn’t there, he didn’t stay long in Panzarath. 
Instead, he brought some managers out on a market survey. He wa already puzzled by the Scott family’s affairs and was annoyed. 
Shane’s face darkened when he heard someone questioning Naomi’s status. He looked at Ronan. “Sir Rathbone, I always thought you were a smart person. Why are you acting foolish today?” 
“Mr. Quinnell, you think I’m acting foolish?” Ronan burst into laughter while nodding repeatedly. “Okay. You can look at it that way, then.” 
Shane couldn’t even recognize his biological daughter, Ronan 
wondered who the actual fool was there. 
Chap 378 Biological Father 
Naomi’s grievances were evident. “Dad.” 
“Don’t cry, Naomi. Tell me what happened. I will handle it for you.”
Naomi didn’t say anything. She just shook her head with red eyes. The managers who had come along were all discussing it. 
At this point, Shane turned his gaze toward Wynter.
###chapter379
Chapter 379 A Slap to the Face 
Wynter stood under the light, her lazy expression revealing neither joy 
nor anger. Instead, the slight curl of her l*ps hinted at a trace of 
mischief. 
For some reason, Shane felt that her face was oddly familiar. 
Especially those clear black eyes. When they looked at him, it seemed as if they could see through one’s heart, making him feel somewhat 
uneasy. 
Did Wynter know him? 
“You…” Shane had originally intended to handle the situation slowly, 
and his attitude softened. 
Upon seeing this, Fiona immediately shouted, “Mr. Quinnell, you have to stand up for Ms. Quinnell! This lady is the doctor from Southdale! 
She has been slandering Ms. Quinnel’s reputation!” 
Shane’s steps halted abruptly. 
Naomi’s eyes were filled with tears while she exuded a gentle and fragile air. “Fiona, please stop. I’m fine.” 
“Ms. Quinnell, I have to say it! I watched you grow up. Others may not
care about you, but I do.” 
Fiona continued while pounding her chest, “It’s all because of my 
humble status. I can’t support you like Mr. Logan and the others. 
“You suffered when you were young. When you first came to the 
Chapte: 129 A Slap to the Face 
Quinnell family, you were afraid to do anything. 
“Over the years, you’ve been so grateful to Mr. and Mrs. Quinnell. I’ve seen it all. But others still degrade you with your status as a sponsee.” 
Fiona looked at Shane earnestly. “Mr. Quinnell, you can’t let others bully Ms. Quinnell just because she’s sensible and kind-hearted. 
“Sometimes, she doesn’t tell you everything because she’s afraid of having conflicts with others, but you’ve also heard what they said. today. Those who follow Wynter are mocking Ms. Quinnell behind her 
back!” 
Fiona continued, squinting, “Who knows what slanderous words she 
has said about Ms. Quinnell?” 
Upon hearing this, Shane was completely infuriated. 
He stared at Wynter, and his voice was displeased. “Where is the duty
manager?” 
At this moment, Benson stepped forward respectfully and 
ingratiatingly. “Mr. Quinnell, I’m here. Mr. Logan brought this lady 
here, and we couldn’t do anything about it.” 
Didn’t she just call him out earlier? Now, it seemed she was in 
trouble. What a turn of events! 
Benson looked at Wynter, and the smug expression on his face was 
unhidden. 
Wynter couldn’t be bothered with these people’s theatrics anymore. She freed Wolf and told him to find someone, then locked eyes with 
Shane. 
Her voice was as indifferent as ever. “It seems you want to deal with 
me, Mr. Quinnell?” 
Shane felt that Wynter was fine when she didn’t speak, but as soon as she did, there was no trace of a lady’s grace. 
“You hurt my daughter. Young lady, I won’t use extreme measures against you. Just apologize to my daughter, and today’s matter will 
be over.”
Even Ronan found this amusing. He sneered and said, “Mr. Quinnell, do you know-” 
“Sir Rathbone, don’t try to pressure me in my father’s name.” Shane interrupted him coldly. “I know you’re under his command. Today, Naomi has been bullied, and the outcome will be the same no matter 
who comes.” 
The managers who had followed along were also nodding. 
“Mr. Quinnell is right.” 
“If it were me, I wouldn’t let anyone bully my daughter, either.” 
Wynter listened, and her smile widened. She stepped forward with her eyes fixed on Shane. 
“As far as I know, your daughter has been found, right? It’s said she’s already been brought back. 
“Mr. Quinnell, by being so concerned about a sponsee, don’t you think people might think she’s your illegitimate daughter?” 
Once Aga
###chapter380
Chapter 380 Saving Marie Once Again
At that, the surroundings fell silent, including the managers who had been discussing and even Naomi, who was still sobbing.
Only Ronan was ready to play along. "Exactly, I was just thinking the same thing. Mr. Quinnell, now that Ms. Sevie has been found, why are you still treating this unrelated person like a treasure? It's not right, is it?"
"Ronan!" Shane was truly angry now, his temper flaring. "Don't think I won't dare to deal with you! Security, what are you waiting for? Throw them out!"
The security guards were about to make a move.
But then Wolf appeared, grabbing several of them, and signaled to Wynter with his eyes.
The meaning was clear—he had found the person he had been looking for.
Wynter raised an eyebrow and was ready to follow Wolf.
Before she could move, a new voice cut in from the other side.
"Shane, what are you doing to my guests?"
It was Marie. She seemed to always be wearing a hospital gown, and her dark hair flowed smoothly. Combined with her pale lips, her face appeared even paler and more fragile, like a delicate painting that would shatter with a touch.
Even time seemed to have left little wrinkles on her face.
The managers, Logan, and the others hadn't seen her in six or seven years.
Now that she had appeared before them, she was still the same as before, as if time had stopped for her. Besides becoming much thinner, she had not changed at all.
It was clear she had been well cared for as she looked beautiful and dignified.
Upon seeing Marie, Shane immediately restrained his attitude. He took a deep breath and held her hand. "When did you wake up? Why didn't you call me?"
Marie did not answer his question. Instead, she looked at him with clear eyes, and her voice was calm. "Were you just trying to drive my savior away?"
"Savior? Was she the one Vincent mentioned?"
Was Wynter that fake heiress with ill intentions? No wonder he found her so unpleasant.
Shane didn't finish his sentence as he did not want to upset Marie. "Marie, I didn't know she was the young lady who saved you last night."
"Well, now you know. Shouldn't you apologize?" Marie raised her eyebrow.
For some reason, Shane found this gesture familiar. "I... Marie, there are so many people here, and the situation is complicated."
At his words, Marie pushed his hand away without saying anything else.
She walked straight to Wynter, and her face showed the most sincere apology. "Wolf said you were very worried about me, so you had Logan and the others bring you to find me. I'm sorry for all the trouble."
"It's fine." Wynter looked at the person in front of her, and the hostility that had just emerged was replaced by a very gentle manner. She reached out to touch Marie's face.
Seemingly aware of her intention to get close, Marie smiled and reached out to hold her hand.
"I remember you asking me to find you, but I couldn't wake up despite wanting to. Luckily, you came to find me. Young lady, I'm very happy."
Fiona watched this scene, then looked at Naomi standing beside her. She couldn't help but exclaim, "Mrs. Quinnell, do you know that this young lady bullied Ms. Quinnell?"
"She bullied Naomi?" Marie's eyes glazed over as she repeated softly, "She bullied Naomi. Someone bullied Naomi."
The fact that something wasn't right about the situation was the first thought that crossed everyone's mind.
"Is Mrs. Quinnell about to have an episode?" Austin said while trembling.
Logan was also afraid. "Don't talk nonsense!"
Shane was even sterner than before, stepping forward quickly. It seemed like he was going to take Marie upstairs.
###chapter381
Chapter 381 Exposing Shane 
Little did Shane know, Wynter beat him to it. She grabbed Marie’s wrist and looked into Marie’s eyes. Her voice was calm and steady. “Who Is Naomi?” 
“She’s my daughter.” Marie clutched her long hair with one hand. “She is very obedient. She’s tiny, just like 
a baby.” 
Wynter lowered her gaze, and her black eyes seemed to possess a magical power. “Naomi is not your 
daughter.” 
“Naomi is not my daughter?” Marie went from confusion to doubt. 
Wynter nodded. “No, she’s not. No one has bullied your daughter.” 
“No one has bullied my daughter. No one has bullied my daughter,” 
After repeating these words twice, Marie seemed to return to normal. She looked around and found everyone looking at her strangely. 
“Did I have another episode?” she asked Wynter with a bitter smile. 
Wynter held her hand. “No. You just answered a few questions.” 
Marie could feel the warmth coming from Wynter’s hand. Only Wynter would describe her condition so 
casually. 
Wynter’s gaze suddenly became sharp when Marie calmed down. “Wolf, bring that old hag over to me
Old hag? 
Everyone wanted to ask who she was talking about. 
Suddenly, Wolf grabbed Fiona’s face and pressed it to the ground with a loud thud, 
Fiona cried out in pain. Her face was swollen and bleeding. “You little brat, let go!” 
Wolf pressed her face on the ground again with a loud thud, making Fiona almost pass out from the pain. 
Naomi exclaimed, “Fiona!” 
She rushed forward, wanting to help: 
Shane, who was worried that Wolf would hurt Naomi, looked at Wynter and said with a chilling voice, “I don’t care where you’re from or if you don’t know the rules. Even if you saved Marie, you shouldn’t be 
attacking people here!” 
“Mr. Quinnell.” 
Wynter chuckled softly. Her voice was not loud but resonated from her core, audible to everyone present. 
“I’m curious. How can someone as wise and capable as Mr. Quinnell Senior produce such a foolish offspring like you?” 
When had anyone spoken to Shane like this? His face turned red with rege. “What did you say?!” 
said you’re foolish.” Wynter smiled lightly. “You pretend to be a good husband in front of others, but what is your love for your wife? Is it giving her excessive sleeping pills, or hoping she’ll stay crazy like
this. 
forever? 
Shane’s chest heaved with anger. “You!” 
“What? Do you dare to say you haven’t been giving her excessive sleeping pills?” 
Wynter flipped over Marie’s hand, revealing needle marks. Her logical thinking was meticulous. 
“From the time I met her yesterday until now, it’s been 18 hours. No one can sleep that long, but you obviously knew she would sleep like this, so you gave her a nutrient solution. 
*Any patient, even those with psychological trauma and unstable emotions, should not sleep for long 
periods. 
“Sleeping pills are addictive, and excessive sleeping pills can damage the brain’s nerves. Yet, you’re letting her sleep more because you were worried about her having an episode. 
“Mr. Quinnell, are you really worried about her having an episode, or are you worried about her embarrassing you when she does?” 
As Wynter questioned Shane one after another, his reputation was severely damaged. 
He had never intended to harm Marie. He loved her so much! How could he possibly harm her? 
He had been doing all this for her own good. If she had an episode, people would treat her like a lunatic. It was better for her to stay at home so he could be at ease, and she could be safe. 
Shane was finding it hard to breathe under the pressure.
###chapter382
C 
Chapter 382 Revie 
Luckily, Naomi came forward and held him steady at this moment. Dad, your heart condition isn’t good, Don’t usert yourself. 
She looked at Wynter Dr Genius, I know you’re good at manipulating public opinion, but you don’t understand my dad’s feelings for my mom. 
“Don’t make baseless judgments like this. Everyone in the company knows how much he loves her.” 
“Oh?” Wynter couldn’t be bothered to argue with the naive Naomi. She turned to Marie beside her and asked. “Does he love you?” 
Marie looked at the face in front of her, especially the tear mole that seemed inexplicably farmiliar. Suddenly, she felt a surge of strength she hadn’t had in years. “Moderately.” 
As soon as they heard this answer, everyone gasped in shock. 
Shane’s facial expression turned extremely ugly. He stepped forward, Intending to hold Marie’s hand. 
But Wynter blocked him directly, and her voice was cold. “Mr. Quinnell, do you still not understand?” 
“Your” Shane stared at Wynter, disgusted with this impostor who had made a mess of his life. “I don’t know how you deceived Marie, but she’s mentally fragile. I will make you regret ever showing up here 
today and manipulating her like this!” 
Wynter said indifferently, “Mr. Quinnell, are you planning to use your power to suppress me?“.
“You bullied Naomi and deceived Marie. Do you think I’ll let you off?” Shane’s eyes were dark. “What could have been resolved with a simple apology has now turned into a situation where you’re pushing your luck. Do you still value your life?” 
Wynter chuckled lightly. “Mr. Quinnell, your performance is truly eye–opening. I hope you can maintain this 
demeanor later.” 
What did she mean? 
Shane suddenly felt a sense of unease in his heart. He didn’t know where this unease came from. 
Then, Wynter took out her phone and spoke clearly and distinctly, “Grandpa, you should have heard what Mr. Quinnell just said. It seems like he wants to kill me.” 
Fabian had long received the video sent by Wynter. She had instructed him not to speak or get angry, and to just watch the show. 
So, Fabian had been silent all this time, holding onto his dragon cane and asking Alexis to cast the video on the screen. 
At first, he watched it by himself, but then he didn’t want to be angry alone, so he shared it to the family group chat. 
“@All ungrateful descendants, open your eyes wide and see what kind of person your father is.” 
Chapte: 302 Sievie 
Toby the Celebrity. “Dad? I’m not interested. Grandpa, show me Sevie. Where is she?” 
Attorney Seb: “Let’s talk about Dad’s matter later. Grandpa, take care of yourself.”
A–lister Rowan: “Dad is causing trouble again. Grandpa, don’t involve un. He’s been causing trouble for you 
for a long time.” 
Seeing that none of his grandsons wanted to watch the show, Fabian resorted to his ultimate move, 
He typed, “This is a video sent to me by Seviel Suit yourself!” 
The chat group exploded instantly. 
Sebastian pushed his glasses up in a refined manner and asked the intern to reschedule the upcoming 
clients. He went to a different office and clicked on the video. 
Thus, the entire family watched how Shane was causing himself trouble online. 
Toby the Celebrity: “Grandpa, tell me the address. I’m going to find Sevle now! Dad has lost his mind!” 
Attorney Seb: “Is Dad trying to deal with Sevie?” 
Messages like these flooded the screen. 
On the other side of the camera, Shane’s expression went blank momentarily. 
He suddenly felt a bit uncertain. “Who are you calling ‘Grandpa? Who are you video chatting with?” 
“It’s me, your father!” 
A familiar and powerful voice came through the video. It was low and imposing. “Shane, Sevie is right. How did I end up with such a bastard like you?”
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>>
###chapter383
Chapter 383 Regretting and Seeking Forgiveness 
Shane’s expression froze in an Instant. He had a headache, and his brain buzzed as he looked at Wynter 
before him. 
The managers he had brought along were in an uproar. 
It’s Mr. Quinnell!” 
“Mr. Quinnell mentioned Sevie. What does that mean?” 
“Is this Ms. Sevie?” 
Upon hearing this, Logan and Austin were even more shocked, unable to believe their ears. 
The “bumpkin” brought back by the Quinnell family, whom they had been talking about all along, turned out to be Wynter? 
Austin felt like digging a hole and burying himself. He had said a lot of bad things about Wynter and even compared her to Naomi. Could he take it all back now? 
Logan was even more at a loss. His first reaction was to look at Ronan. Ronan must have known about it long ago by the looks of it. 
Upon careful consideration, Ronan had always been alone, with no distant relatives. His attitude toward Wynter was like that of an elder to a junior. 
Previously, Logan thought it was because of Wynter’s special talent. But now, it all made sense!
Ronan had only claimed Wynter as his niece because she had not revealed her identity until now. 
Logan’s face revealed both shock and delight, but the others didn’t have the same expression. 
Especially Benson, who was still ready to watch the show, and Fiona, who was cursing on the ground. These two seemed to be dumbfounded and frozen in place. 
Naomi’s eyes were shaking, and her face was drained of all color. 
How could it be? How could this lowly country doctor be the Quinnell family’s daughter? Impossible! 
There must be a mistakel 
Naomi clenched her fists, and her manicured nails dug into her palms. She looked at Shane and called 
out, “Dad.” 
Her voice was full of extreme grievance as if trying to pull Shane back to reality. 
Shane was in a mess himself. He looked at Fabian’s face in the video with his mouth agape, obviously still holding onto a glimmer of hope that he had misheard. “Dad, what did you call her just now?” 
“Sevie.” Fabian’s voice came through the video as if from afar, and his words seemed like a slap to 
Shane’s face. 
He continued, “She just arrived in Kingbourne and is unfamiliar with everyone here. That’s why I had 
Ronan follow her. I want to see who in Kingbourne would look down on my granddaughter! 
“I never thought that the one who couldn’t stand her the most would be you, her biological father! You’ve really outdone yourself! To think you’d want to kill your biological daughter over a sponsee!
“Even wild beasts look after their young, but look at yourself!” 
As Fabian finished his sentence, Shane stumbled, unable to hold himself steady. If it weren’t for Naomi supporting him, he might have fallen. 
But for some reason, Shane looked at his adopted daughter in front of him, then at his biological daughter 
not far away. 
Subconsciously, he let go of Naomi’s hand. 
Naomi’s facial expression, which had always been innocent and pitiful, suddenly changed. 
In her impression, Shane had always been the one who loved her the most. Whatever she wanted, even if it wasn’t available in the country, he would specially buy it from overseas for her. 
Even when there were conflicts at home, Shane never let go of her hand. 
Naomi lowered her eyes, a glint flashing through them. 
But Shane didn’t notice it. 
All he could hear in his mind were the words he had just said to his daughter–about pushing her luck, not knowing the consequences, and making her regret showing up here!
###chapter384
Chapter 384 Sarcasm 
Shane’s head felt like it was about to explode, and his expression was extremely pained. He opened his mouth as if wanting to give an explanation. 
“Sevie, I didn’t mean it like that. I hadn’t seen you before and didn’t know it was you. That’s why I said those things. I-” 
“Mr. Quinnell,” Wynter interrupted his words in a calm tone. “The daughter you want to reunite with is standing next to you. It isn’t me.” 
Shane froze before saying subconsciously, “Sevle, how can you say that?” 
“What do you think I should say then, Mr. Quinnell?” Wynter raised her eyebrows slightly. “Should I joyfully acknowledge you as my father?” 
Shane frowned. “I am your biological father, Sevie. You can’t bear a grudge against me just because of a misunderstanding.” 
“Oh.” Wynter’s smile was breathtaking, and her long black hair was cascading. “I’m afraid you will be disappointed. My greatest virtue is holding grudges.” 
Shane finally realized that she probably didn’t want to acknowledge him. He was starting to panic. 
“I know what I did just now was wrong,” Shane said, stepping forward. 
He spoke sincerely, “I have been looking for you ever since you came back, but no one told me what your look like or where you live. I was worried, too. It’s been so many days, and I finally get to see you.” 
If it were someone else, seeing a middle–aged man in tears would be touching.
But Wynter was different. After all, she was proficient in psychology and forensic science. She had lived in a haze for so many years, with only a few memories from her childhood. 
Some of those memories had gradually resurfaced. 
If it weren’t for Atwater, she might have been sold by human traffickers and thrown onto the streets to 
beg. 
In her few memories, she could recall having one chance to escape when the traffickers wanted to return 
her for ransom. 
But it was precisely at this moment that news came out that the Quinnell 
sponsee. 
The traffickers had once called Shane, but he didn’t answer. 
family intended to adopt a 
*So, women are worthless. Even a rich family like the Quinnell family can just move on by adopting another after losing their daughter. 
These fuzzy fragments of memories had only surfaced after she arrived at Kingbourne. 
To her, Shane seemed almost transparent. 
YOU
Wynter wasn’t in a hurry. She waited until his emotions calmed down before saying lazily, “Mr. Quinnell, since you miss me so much, why didn’t you come to find me in the past ten years or so? Instead, were thinking about adopting a sponsee to replace me. 
Her words hit too close to home. 
The atmosphere at the scene seemed to freeze. 
Shane was speechless, and his mouth was agape. “…….. L” 
“You thought I was dead, and you thought I caused Mom’s illness.” Wynter’s gaze moved slowly as she spoke casually. 
“Sometimes, you even couldn’t help but think that my abduction cast a shadow over the whole family and 
that I was unfortunate. 
“So, you wanted to choose a daughter who could bring you luck. This one happens to be suitable. She’s lively, cheerful, and loyal to you, while I am just a harbinger of disaster.” 
With each word Wynter spoke, Shane’s body couldn’t help but tremble. He looked extremely embarrassed. 
“Mr. Quinnell, I’m sorry to disappoint you. I’m tough, and I didn’t die.” 
As Wynter finished her last sentence, a sudden burst of crying came from beside her. “I forbid you to say such things about yourself!” 
It was Marie, who had been silent the whole time.
25 255 
She had been quiet for too long. During the confrontation, her gaze turned from bewilderment to surprise. 
She had wanted to touch Wynter’s face several times but still couldn’t believe it was real. Was her precious daughter really back? Was her daughter standing right in front of her? 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day**
###chapter385
Chapter 385 A Touching Mother and Daughter Reunion 
This couldn’t be a dream, could it? 
Marie often had dreams like this. 
In the dream, Wynter suddenly returned, saying she had grown up and won doing well, asking Marie not to worry about her. 
No mother would not worry about her child. She didn’t want Wynter to just disappear like that. 
But as it went on, she dreamed less and less about Wynter. 
At the moment, it wasn’t a dream; the Wynter in her dreams wouldn’t speak like this. 
The young lady who saved her from the streets of death turned out to be her daughter! 
“You were never a harbinger of disaster.” Marie looked at Wynter, her eyes red as if she was struggling with something. “You are the treasure given to me by heaven. 
“When you were just born, the nurses all said you looked chubby, always smiling at everyone. But I didn’t protect you well.” 
Marie clenched her hands tightly as tears streamed down her face. “I got sick because of my own reasons. I was too weak. 
“Sevie, darling. Why didn’t I go find you? Why? I clearly…. 
Marie didn’t understand, either. 
She had been searching all along. Was that all just in her head? What was reality?
Wynter wouldn’t let Marie have a breakdown in front of everyone. The way to love someone would be to preserve their dignity. 
Wynter didn’t hesitate. She reached out and hugged Marie, and her voice was tinged with a smile. 
always 
“Mom, I know you’ve been trying all along. It’s not because you’re too weak, but because you miss me so much that people found your soft spot.” 
Wynter, being a doctor, knew exactly how to soothe someone’s emotions. “Now that I’m back, you have to keep going. You still need to work and earn money to support me.” 
Marie suddenly remembered what she had said to Wynter at the restaurant, and the two of them had clinked glasses and drank together. 
“I’m not useless,” Marie spoke softly. “Believe in me. My illness will get better, and I won’t embarrass you.” 
Wynter chuckled. “Of course,‘I believe you. You’re my mom. You’re cool enough to call me ‘kiddo.” 
Mothers were strong. 
If she hadn’t seen it with her own eyes, Wynter almost couldn’t believe that anyone could remember 
Trhapeny 386 A Touching Motisor and Daughter heren 
something for so long in a mentally Ill state. 
Had Marie been tormenting herself by telling herself to hang on? 
Marie could just give up looking for her. If she did, she would have lived a much more comfortable life.
But precisely because of wanting to find Wynter, she had been persisting all alone. 
Even when the whole of Kingbourne thought she was crazy, she was still looking for Wynter. 
God could not always have compassion for all beings. So, he created mothers. 
Wynter didn’t understand this saying before, but she did now. 
In this world, there was someone who loved her unconditionally. 
Seeing this scene, even Austin was so moved that he felt like crying. 
Logan understood Marie the best. Marie was once famous in Kingbourne back then. But after Wynter disappeared, she withered away little by little. 
Now, Marie seemed to have come back. 
Everyone could see it. 
With such a comparison, Shane’s “yearning for Wynter seemed insignificant. 
Fabian also didn’t avoid airing dirty laundry in public. Through the video, his eyes fell on those managers. His look was not angry but threatening. 
“Now that you’re all here, I’ll announce some news. I’ll hand the company over to Sevie. If any of you don’t agree, you can go solo with my son. 
“However, I also want to remind you all of one thing. I may be old, but I’m not dead. You can leave if you want, but if you dare to criticize Sevie again, I can still leave you with nowhere to turn to.”
###chapter386
Chapter 386 Slaping the Sponsoree 
As soon as Fabian uttered those words, the managers were so frightened that their voices trembled 
Those who had previously been disloyal were especially so. Their heads were hanging low as they were afraid of meeting Fabian’s gaze. 
“Mr. Quinnell, rest assured. We will definitely cooperate wholeheartedly with Ms. Sevie’s work!” 
Fabian didn’t beat around the bush. “You can address her as Ms. Wynter. My granddaughter’s name is Wynter Quinnell.” 
“Grandpa…” Wynter originally just wanted Fabian to know the ins and outs of the matter, but she ended up taking over the company directly. 
Fabian’s tone toward Wynter was doting. “There’s no need to be restrained in our hotel. Whatever you want to do, just do it. 
“Sevie, remember this–it’s the Quinnell family who owes you. Now that you’re back, just do as you please As long as I’m here, I’ll support you.” 
With these words spoken, everyone present had to reconsider how to capitulate. 
The managers‘ gazes toward Shane obviously changed. 
Shane had no intention of turning the tide of the current situation anymore. He looked at his wife and daughter walking away from him, and his face was filled with endless regret. 
But what could he do now that things had come to this?
Suddenly, he thought of his sons. He could ask them for help while letting Wynter calm down first. He couldn’t change the situation with words when she was still angry. 
Wynter was also too lazy to look at him again. After all, she had more important things to do. 
“Grandpa, we’ll talk about the company later. I’ll take care of things here at the hotel.” 
With that, Wynter approached Fiona, who was trying to slip away. She lowered her black eyes. “Speak up. Who gave you instructions?” 
Flona panicked. “Wh–What instructions? What are you saying? I don’t understand.” 
“You don’t understand?” Wynter suddenly smiled. “Wolf, bring that so–called guest relations manager over. 
Wolf’s movements were fast, accurate, and ruthless. 
Before Benson could even raise his leg. he was grabbed and thrown down. The way Wolf did it, it was as if he wasn’t throwing down a person but a little fish. 
Benson winced in pain while curling up on the ground and begging for mercy. “Ms. Sevie, I was blind.! didn’t know it was you. I was wrong. I 
Chapter 396 Staping the Sponsorun 
“Your matter is not important, Wynter said leisurely, “What’s Important is if Fiona sponks up to protect 
you. 
Benson was perceptive. He immediately looked toward Flona. “Aunt Flona, plenne apenk up! Please beg Ms. Sevie!”
“You want me to beg her?” Fiona’s eyes were filled with malice. “She’s just a bumpkin and has no dignity at all. She hasn’t even had a DNA test with Mr. Quinnell yet, and she’s talking about being Mas, Sevie!” 
She tumed to Shane, sounding righteous as she said, “Mr. Quinnell I’ve been with the Quinnell family for so many years. I know better than anyone how much you’ve cared about Ms. Sovle. 
“Mr. Quinnell, you may have been deceived by this lady. You must do a DNA test! Think about it. Has anyone ever asked you to do one?” 
Shane paused and murmured, “Indeed. No one has, I’ve always been overseas, 
“Do you think a maid like you can doubt my identity?” Wynter pinched Fiona’s face as she demanded. 
Her smile was lazy and sinister when she continued, “When did the Quinnell family become so unruly? From your words, it seems like you don’t want me to return to the Quinnell family. 
I originally didn’t want to be the Quinnell family’s daughter, but now I feel that this status isn’t bad. Let me juess, who are you so loyal to? Shane? It’s unlikely. You receive no benefits from him. 
The one most directly involved with you, and who is so unwilling for me to return, must be…” Vynter’s gaze slowly fell on Naomi. “The sponsee here.
###chapter387
Chapter 387 Not Your Sister 
Naomi froze in place, and her face was full of panic. “Wynter, you’ve misunderstood. I’ve never had any thoughts of not wanting you to come back. You’re my sister, after all- 
Wynter cut her off, her lips curving slightly. “Your sister? You can address Mr. Quinnell however you want as long as he agrees to it. But weren’t you just saying that we had some grievances between us? Why are you addressing me as your sister? 
“I remember that the Quinnell family hasn’t officially adopted you yet. So, I’m not your sister. Let’s talk about something else.” 
Wynter grabbed Fiona with one hand. “How many things did you instruct this old hag to do?” 
“I didn’t!” Naomi shook her head as tears streamed down her face. “I don’t understand what you’re talking 
about.” 
Shane also spoke up, “Sevie, don’t be so harsh Naomi. I’m your dad, can you let me explain?” 
“One calling himself my dad, and the other calling herself my sister.” Wynter threw Fiona to Naomi’s feet. ” Let me remind you one last time–I have a bad temper. Don’t try to butter me up.” 
With that throw, there was a loud bang. 
Wynter’s bearing was strong. 
father. After all, there wa
It was so strong that Shane had to consider what he said even as Wynter’s still many managers behind him. 
Austin was already dumbfounded. “Logan, does Master not plan to reconcile with Mr. Quinnell?” 
Logan didn’t say anything. He saw the disdain on Wynter’s face. 
Suddenly, he remembered what had been said in the circle before. 
Wynter, who had returned from the countryside, must be ecstatic. 
A bumpkin had turned into the Quinnell family’s young lady. Maybe she would be very obsequious to Shane by the time they reunite. 
Obsequious? Logan suspected that if it weren’t for their presence, Fiona and Benson wouldn’t be the only ones pressed down on the ground right now. Even Shane would be beaten. 
After all, Wynter was truly cool! She was completely different from Naomi! 
Logan couldn’t understand why people used to say that Naomi looked like the lost Sevie when they were 
little. 
Where did they look alike? They were completely different! 
Seeing everyone looking at her, Naomi knew she had to come up with an explanation today, or else she wouldn’t have a foothold in Kingbourne anymore. 
Upl 
As Fiona’s hand touched Naomi’s leg, she was kicked away
“Do you want so many people to watch me be misunderstood? Naomi’s eyes were red from crying. 
looking pitiful 
Fiona was also crying “Ms. Naomi, I don’t know what she’s talking about. I didn’t do anything. I just can’t stand her being so arrogant as soon as she arriver 
“Ms. Naomi, you’ve been in the Quinnell family for so many years. Why should this happen? Look at her Does she look like the Quinnell family’s young lady? She’s rude, unreasonable, and unlettered 
Fiona coughed heavily while pressing her hand against her chest. “It’s useless to hit me. Although I’m just a maid, I’ve earned my own money with my own hands. But this bumpkin has been looking down on us as soon as she arrived.” 
Then, she raised her head resolutely as she turned to Shane. “Mr. Quinnell! Whether this is legitimately Ms. Sevie, she is not worthy of the Quinnell family. 
Shane watched this scene, also feeling troubled. Fiona had been with the Quinnell family for most of her 
life and had never made any major mistakes. 
Didn’t Sevie know the Quinnell family always treated long–time employees well? Her attitude just now was 
indeed a bit inappropriate. 
Shane comforted Fiona. “Fiona, Sevie didn’t mean that. Calm down.” 
The hotel staff were all watching. Someone even chimed in, “Yes, Ms. Young. We all work for the Quinnell
family. I believe Mr. Quinnell will handle it properly.”
###chapter388
Chapter 388 Exposing Flona 
Fiona was really good at talking. 
In an instant, she labeled Wynter as “rude and unreasonable” and “unlettered“. 
Marie was once the most outstanding socialite, so she naturally know what kind of consequences these labels would bring to Wynter in the future. 
For so many years, she had lost the knack of speaking. She even felt afraid of saying the wrong thing. 
But today, she stepped forward. “You keep labeling Wynter as ‘unlettered‘ and ‘rude and unreasonable, yet you’re expect her to be polite to you? 
“I haven’t been involved in family matters for a long time, but I didn’t realize that displaying a good attitude to a maid had become the epitome of virtue. The Quinnell family pays your salary. If you don’t want to work, then leave.” 
This statement left Fiona stunned. “Mrs. Quinnell, I…” 
Marie didn’t even look at her, but instead, she met Naomi’s gaze. “She has bo 
serving you all this time. They say servants reflect their masters. Look at her. Do you think we have no idea what your intentions 
are?” 
“Mom, I really didn’t!” Naomi clenched her hands tightly, then knelt with a loud bang. “I know Wynter is the most important person to you. Fiona! Say something!” 
She was truly desperate with that last plea.
“What I said… has nothing to do with Ms. Quinnell. Fiona’s face turned even paler. 
She hadn’t expected Marie to say such things. Wasn’t she always sick and unable to distinguish reality? 
Unexpectedly, Marie stood there and said to Naomi, “Naomi, when I supported you back then, I said that I only have Sevie as my daughter.. 
“I can provide you with a superior living environment, and you can ask for anything. But why is Fiona referring to you as the so–called Ms. Quinnell?” 
This was all Shane’s decision, so he pulled Marie aside. “It’s me, Marie. Don’t you remember? Naomi has been with you all these years. If it weren’t for Naomi, you wouldn’t have recovered at all.” 
Her name was Marie Whitman. 
It had been a long time since she last heard that name, and her eyes looked a little lost. 
Seeing this, Wynter stepped forward and shielded Marie. “Mr. Quinnell, do you think this situation is 
recoverable? 
“No wonder her illness has lasted so long–from just a small psychological condition at the beginning to now severe mental exhaustion. She’s even beginning to doubt herself.” 
Wynter looked at Shane. She won’t recover as long as she stays here. Apart from the person who made her sick, you are also an accomplice.” 
After saying that, she suddenly bent down and pulled out the medical incense sachet hanging on Fiona’s
clothes 
“This thing has too much peppermint and lemon inside. Frequent contact with it can trigger feelings of unesse in mentally weak individuals.” 
Wynter stared at Fiona. “What’s your intention for carrying such a medical incense sachet around my 
mother?” 
Fiona’s face tumed pale 
Shane understood now. “You’re harming Marie!” 
The scene was in an uproar, 
The hotel staff, who had just been on Fiona’s side, all changed their expressions and focused their gazes 
on her. 
1 didn’t!” Fiona shook her head subconsciously. “Peppermint? Causing unrest? I bought this medical incense sachet for myself. I didn’t know it would have these effects!” 
Wynter smiled faintly. “I knew you would say that. Wolf.” 
Wolf swiftly brought out a pillow. 
When Fiona saw the familiar pillow, her whole body froze. 
#Clam Bonus For Free Every Day>>
###chapter389
Chapter 389 Winning Over the Public 
Wynter tossed the pillow to her. “You’re the one taking care of my mom’s daily needs. The Quinnell family. trusts you and arrangen everything as your task, 
“If you don’t know this incense anchet’s medicinal effects, why are there medicinal herb residues in my mom’s pillow? It’s obvious you know.” 
This evidence came fast and solid, hitting Flona’s face like a slap. 
Fiona was already flustered when Wynter pulled off her medical incense sachet earlier, She never expected someone to know about the secret inside the pillow. 
Fiona’s legs went weak, and her eyes began to wonder. 
“Are you going to reveal the person who instructed you now, or should I let you talk to the police?” Wynter exerted full pressure. 
Fiona clenched her lips tightly, refusing to confess. “I’m loyal to the Quinnell family!” 
“In that case, you’ll go to jail.” Wynter withdrew her gaze and suddenly smiled. “Actually, whether you speak up or not, your so–called Ms. Quinnell still won’t be free of suspicion.” 
Naomi had never imagined she would end up in such a situation. The way others looked at her made her feel suffocated. 
The only thing Naomi could think of was grabbing Shane’s sleeve and crying. “I… why would I harm Mom? Dad, you know I wouldn’t do it!” 
She cried as her body shook with sobs.
“I really didn’t. I…” 
Seeing her like this, Shane couldn’t bear it. “Naomi, take a deep breath. You have asthmal I believe in you. Don’t get agitated!” 
“Dad, Mom… Please believe me. I really…” Naomi’s face turned pale, and she fainted as her limbs lost. 
strength. 
Shane shouted for the security guards, and the scene descended into chaos. 
He needed to rush Naomi to the hospital immediately. He was afraid that Marie and Wynter would misunderstand, so he added, “Sevie, Naomi couldn’t possibly harm anyone in the family. It must be that witch acting on her own. I won’t let her off the hook!” 
Wynter couldn’t be bothered with him. She just sent a message to Fabian. 
“Grandpa, forgive me for being blunt, but is your son really your own? He’s stupid.” 
Fabian, who had almost had a heart attack from Shane’s behavior, burst into laughter when he saw this message. He then showed it to Alexis. 
Chapter 389 Winning Over the Pour 
“Look what Sevie sent–Shane’s stupid. It’s so precise. 
Alexis was good at comforting people. “We can give Mr. Quinnell some credit. He married Mrs. Quinnell Into the family and had Sevie.” 
“He’s a scoundrel is what he is!” Fabian sighed deeply. “It’s the Quinnell family who wronged the Whitman family. Such a good lady married into the Quinnell family and was neglected. Sevie’s
goodness is also thanks to Marie, not Shane!” 
Alexis poured him a cup of tea. “You’re right, but Mr. Quinnell Senior, you’ve seen it. Ms. Quinnell only dislikes Mr. Quinnell. She’s very respectful toward you and speaks candidly to you about everything.” 
“That’s right, Sevie is a smart and candid child.” Fabian felt much relieved. “Look at her just now. She managed to hold her ground even in such a chaotic scene. Now those people outside will have to weigh their options carefully.” 
eyes of 
Indeed. In the ordinary people, Wynter’s actions seemed too aggressive. But for businessmen, one shouldn’t even think about managing a company if one couldn’t take such decisive actions. 
Shane hurriedly took the unconscious Naomi into the ambulance. A lot had happened today. He needed some quiet time to digest it all. 
He had finally met Wynter, but she didn’t want to call him her dad. 
Fiona was the most loyal person in the family. Did she really use medicine to influence Marie? 
Though wearing a suit, Shane looked unusually haggard, completely different from when he first entered 
the hotel.
###chapter390
Chapter 390 Taking Charge of the Hotel 
Meanwhile, the crowd hadn’t dispersed yet in the hotel lobby. 
Not everyone was stupid. Those who stand by and watch could see clearly. Shane’s behavior of leaving Marie and Wynter made other men feel ashamed. 
He had a wife and daughter but didn’t protect them. Instead, he chose to protect a sponsee. 
In the past, others would still praise him for being kind–hearted, without airs, and not caring about social 
status. 
After all, he treated the “adopted daughter” just like his own daughter. 
But now that Wynter had returned and things had developed to this point, he still couldn’t differentiate what was important. 
Most of the talented managers quickly made their choices and stayed. 
Watching Wynter handle the aftermath, they wanted to know if the successor designated by Fabian was really suitable. 
After all, it was not just about being decisive in business management. One also needed to be smart. 
Could someone from a small town really handle it? 
They didn’t look down on her; it was just that real talent was needed in this field. 
Wynter didn’t care who was present; she was more concerned about Marie’s health.
She only had one copper coin left in her hands, wondering if she could hold on after dark. 
“Do you want to drink some water first?” Wynter asked while looking at Marie. 
Marie smiled lightly and shook her head. “You go ahead and attend to the business. I like to watch your 
work 
“Okay.” But Wynter wouldn’t leave her alone, either. She called Wolf over to accompany Marie. 
With a fair and tender little face, Wolf gestured with his hands, “That man smells bad. He’s stinky.” 
Marie could understand sign language. “Stinky?” 
Wolf nodded. “I can smell things others can’t, and he smells bad!” 
Marie paused, falling into contemplation. 
After so many years of marriage, she had never been so clear–minded before. 
She and Shane had a lovely relationship. At that time, both of them were young. He wasn’t the only one pursuing her but was the most enthusiastic and sincere among them all. 
Marie had always known he had flaws in his character. He was hesitant and indecisive in his actions. 
But back then, she thought these were all small issues. After all, he was loyal and soft–hearted, and he remembered anyone who treated him well. 
But now, Marie frowned as she realized that not protecting one’s family was no different from disloyalty.. It was even harmful to them. 
Even if she was alright with it, what about Wynter?
Wynter had just found her way back and had been bullied by a maid like that. Yet, Shane didn’t mention anything about it but instead sent Naomi to the hospital. 
Marie didn’t have any thoughts about Naomi. They had feelings for each other over the years. It was that she made it clear to Naomi that she only had one daughter. 
Why did everyone now think Naomi could become the Quinnell family’s adopted daughter? What happened during the time Marie was ill? Her head was starting to ache. 
Wynter didn’t disturb Marie. She first called the hotel’s human resource department and then tossed 
Benson aside. 
just 
“No matter how high–end the hotel is, it’s still in the service industry. The guest relations manager even looks down on people. This kind of management philosophy is not allowed in the Quinnell family. 
“Benson is not a professional in hotel management and has had countless complaint records within three years but was promoted.” 
Wynter looked at him. “Just now, everyone present heard him addressing Fiona as his aunt. Any company under the Quinnell family, regardless of size, should not show signs of nepotism.” 
Wynter lowered her eyes. “Benson.” 
Benson was already scared out of his wits. “I was wrong. I. I don’t deserve to work here.” 
“Don’t rush to admit your mistakes.” She looked at him and suddenly smiled. “I’ll give you a chance to 
make amends.”
He was dumbfounded. “Huh?”
###chapter391
Chapter 391 Underestimated 
“You can point out those who rely on connections to get in like you. Once you’ve completed it, I’ll forget about your prison sentence,” Wynter said casually. 
Benson was overwhelmed. “Prison?” 
“Fiona conspired to commit a crime for money, and you were arranged to come in by her.” Wynter played with her purple sugilite pendant, exuding an air of nobility. “You can’t be completely clean from what she 
did.” 
Benson’s shoulders slumped, and his face turned pale. He wasn’t stupid; he knew what Fiona had done. If the Quinnell family really wanted to investigate, he wouldn’t be able to escape. 
He immediately said, “Ms. Sevie, I’ll point them out! I know all those people! I can identify them now!” “No rush.” Wynter withdrew her gaze, sweeping over everyone with a calm expression. Today is my first day at the hotel. I’ll give everyone a day to mend their ways. If you don’t, your fate will be similar to 
Benson’s. 
“The Quinnell Corporation has always been generous to old employees and never easily dismisses anyone. But we also don’t stick to the rules 
“Personally, I value hard work and ability. The human resource department will screen five resumes for the new manager’s position. There will be other internal adjustments later, so I hope everyone will cooperate with me in the future. 
With her demeanor, who would dare not cooperate with her?
Benson relied on his connections and was used to being arrogant in the hotel. No matter how many guests complained, they always had to deal with it in the end. 
Although this pest wasn’t fired, his punishment wasn’t much better than being fired. 
If they hadn’t misunderstood Wynter’s meaning, that meant they could even compete for the manager’s 
position! 
For those in the hotel who were truly talented, this was undoubtedly a great thing. 
Those other managers who watched Wynter handle things couldn’t help but glance at each other. 
After leaving, someone couldn’t help but praise her. “Jaylin, did you see that? Ms. Sevie is extraordinary.” 
“She’s not just extraordinary. She’s not strict. She didn’t directly fire Benson but instead kept him by her side. That move was amazing 
“I don’t think she looks like someone who was brought back from the countryside. All those outsiders do is badmouth Mr. Quinnell, saying that Ms. Sevie is an ill–mannered academic underachiever.” 
“Trent, I won’t hide it from you. I was skeptical at first, but Ryan said that once I meet Ms. Sevie, I will understand why Mr. Quinnell has been transferring company shares recently. 
Just wait and see. If the Quinnell Corporation really ends up in Ms. Sevie’s hands, it will definitely rise to a higher level!” 
“Wow, Jaylin! You actually have such a high opinion of Ms. Sevie. That’s a bit too much. I’m still observing. Ryan can be misleading sometimes.” 
“You continue to observe, but I will definitely vote for Ms. Sevie at the company meeting!”
Naomi originally intended to build closer relationships with the managers of various sectors under the company, which was why she had asked Shane to bring them to the hotel. 
2 8 3 5 
Who could have foreseen that in the end, Wynter would rise to fame after just one battle? 
Some managers seemed to see the past Fabian, who always had a strategic plan, In Wynter. Although sher was young, she was intelligent and calm. 
All those in Kingbourne had underestimated this “Ms. Sevie“. 
But it was unknown how far she could go. After all, a hotel and a circle were different. 
One just needed the capability to manage a hotel, while surviving in a circle required more than just ability. 
Some looked forward to Wynter’s future development, while others wanted to see Wynter fall even harder. 
After all, hér takeover had influenced many people’s interests, especially those who relied on their seniority, acted arrogantly, and collected kickbacks.
###chapter392
Chapter 392 Reorganizing 
Some of the old staff at the hotel were feeling a bit unenny. Whenever something happened, they feared being targeted. 
If Wynter whated to dismiss them, they could join forces and complain to Fabian or reveal some infavorable information about the hotel before resigning. 
But Wynter unexpectedly gave them time to make corrections. 
This left them in a dilemma–neither leaving nor staying felt right, and they were hesitant. 
Wynter’s goal was exactly this. From the moment she entered the hotel, she knew there were many problems there, and they couldn’t be resolved in just one or two days. 
Right now, the most important thing was Marie. 
Wynter needed to know some things, but Fiona was as stubborn as ever and refused to say anything. 
When the police finally took her away, she looked at Wynter maliciously and cursed, “You won’t last long in Kingbourne. Mr. and Mrs. Quinnell will see through you sooner or later, and the socialites in Kingbourne won’t accept you, either.” 
“Oh?” Wynter approached her, and her voice was slow. “You’ve said so much about others. Why not say something about your Ms. Quinnell?” 
Fiona’s eyes darkened, and her expression turned even more sinister. 
However, Wynter acted as if she hadn’t noticed as she played with her purple sugilite pendant. “Don’t worry. I’ll send her over to keep you company.”
Fiona reached out as if she wanted to scratch Wynter’s face, but her head was pushed down, and she was 
escorted into the police car. 
Logan and Austin, who had been watching the whole process, still badn’t come to their senses. 
Except for Benson, who was still there, everyone else who had been hired through the Young family was: investigated. 
Previously, the Young family had been glad that Fiona could serve by Naomi’s side, but now, none of them 
remained. 
Ronan saw through the situation and fanned himself as he said, “Ms. Sevie, I think it’s not just the Young family who are loyal to Naomi in this hotel.” 
“Yes.” Wynter obviously noticed too, but she didn’t care much. “Those matters are easy to deal with. 
“This hotel has a big problem with its layout, and I need to trouble you to go to Panzarath and invite the boss who came last time. I need to use his treasure to stabilize the hotel. 
“Also, how much Evercrest Gem does he have? Bring them all over.” 
Chapter 392 Reorganizing: 
Wynter’s expression was serious as she added. “Go there personally and bring him here.” 
Ronan realized that she was going to do something important. “You can rest assured. He said he wanted to thank you last time. With your Invitation, he’ll definitely come. I’ll go now.”
Meanwhile, Marie couldn’t hear what was being said over there as Wolf accompanied her. 
Wolf just kept circling her, and in the end, he even gestured, “Let’s see who dares to come close with my 
scent here!” 
His ferocious appearance was both amusing and intimidating. 
Marie touched his little face. “Tell me about Wynter. How did you and Wynter become friends?” 
Wolf pointed to his own back which meant, “She beat me up badly, and it hurt a lot, so I submitted to her. and recognized her as my boss,” 
Marie gestured, “This was unexpected.” 
“You’re spreading rumors about me again.” Wynter walked over before tossing a lozenge to Wolf. “You were adopted by Grandma, Who gave you the medicine?” 
Wolf grabbed the lozenge, tugged on Wynter’s sleeve, and gestured with his hand, indicating that something was wrong here. 
Logan couldn’t understand sign language and asked curiously, “Mas–Ahem… Wynter, what is Wolf saying? 
Under Wynter’s gaze, Logan automatically dropped the “Master” and called her “Wynter” very smoothly. 
“It’s nothing. He says this place is dirty and needs to be cleaned up.” Wynter’s voice was light. “It’s getting dark, so you guys should go back first.”
Austin couldn’t help but wonder what Wynter’s words meant. Could it be the kind of “dirty” he was thinking 
of? 
Suddenly, he ducked his head a little. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
Clam 
Chipte, PRI Many identifies
###chapter393
Chapter 393 Many Identities 
“We’re leaving now!” It would be disrespectful to Wynter if Austin hesitated even for a minute! 
However, Logan was a bit worried. “Wynter, is there anything we can help with?” 
“You two…” Wynter glanced at the two young masters and said frankly, “If something really happens, I still have to protect you. Haven’t your family members told you that people with your horoscope should rest 
more?” 
Austin stuttered, “N–No, they haven’t.” 
“I’m telling you today, then.” Wynter’s eyes were deep. “Remember what I said. After you go home, eat dinner and sleep. 
“Don’t go anywhere, especially not the Scott residence. Even if your friends ask you to, don’t go. Otherwise, if something happens again, I won’t be able to save you.” 
Austin immediately nodded. “The Scott family is just trying to shift the blame onto us! We won’t go!” 
“That’s right.” Logan seemed somewhat absent–minded. 
Wynter also noticed Logan’s expression. “What’s wrong? Do you have any concerns?” 
“Nothing!” Logan put away his phone. He didn’t mention that Chad had been calling him the whole time. 
Wynter understood. “There are some things you have to decide for yourselves. You’ve seen the situation in our family. I hope you can keep it confidential.”
“Of course!” Logan and Austin grinned simultaneously. 
Austin even patted his chest and said, “We never expected that the Quinnell family’s young lady who was brought back would turn out to be you! From now on, whoever dares to speak ill of you will be enemies with the Fenton family!” 
It sounded quite childish. 
“I don’t mingle in social circles, but thank you for your kindness,” Wynter said, then glanced meaningfully 
at Logan. 
“Remember what I said. Don’t go to the Scott residence no matter who asks you to, even if it’s your family members.” 
Austin snorted. “My family has already seen what the Scott family is like now. My grandfather said although we may not be as good as the Scott family, we’re not afraid of them! Right, Logan?” 
“Yeah.” Logan’s words were fewer now, and he seemed a bit distracted as he got in the car without Immediately starting the engine. 
At first, Austin didn’t think the Scott family would have the audacity to contact them again. 
But after he got in the car, he received a call from home, saying the Scotts had come to find them. 
After hanging up the phone, Austin looked at Logan in surprise. “Do you think Wynter has already 
Chapte 399 Many dentities 
predicted the Scott family would try every means to find us, so she told us that just now?”
“Yeah.” Logan had been holding back for a long time. Now that Austin was here and his phone kept ringing, he paused and pressed the answer button. 
It was Chad, whose voice sounded angrier than usual. “Where are you? Something big has happened to the Scott family. Why aren’t you with Mason? He’s been looking for you. What’s wrong with your phone?” 
Logan had intended to tell the truth, but as the words were about to come out, he suddenly remembered what Wynter had said, so he changed his tune. “I’m too tired. I want to be alone for a few days.” 
“You’re too tired?” Chad sounded very angry. “Whose fault is it that Mason is in this state? 
“It’s all because you guys often go out street racing together. Yet, now you’re making him deal with this alone. How will the Scott family view the Winston family?” 
The phone’s speaker was on. 
Austin could also hear the barrage of accusations, and his brows furrowed tightly. Had Chad gone crazy? Why was he making Logan bear the responsibility when Mason was the one in trouble? 
“Come to the Scott residence right away.” Chad took a deep breath. “This is also Grandpa’s instruction. He knows that you didn’t accompany Mason and got very angry. 
“You know he values friendship the most. Our family and the Scott family have been friends for generations. We can’t let there be any estrangement.”
###chapter394
Chapter 394 The Mastermind 
In the past, whenever Chad said something. Logan would always comply no matter what it was. 
Logan had lost his mother at an early age, and he was most afraid of disappointing Clyde. 
But this time, Logan didn’t agree. “Chad, I’m just useless anyway. With you there at the Scott residence, Mr. Scott Senior won’t say anything. That’s it. I’m hanging up.” 
“Logan! Have you lost your mind? Come to the Scott family right away! I-” 
Before Chad could finish, a tone rang out from the other end. 
Chad’s expression froze momentarily. He had never anticipated a situation where Logan would refuse to listen even after he invoked Clyde, especially under these circumstances. 
Chad clenched his phone tightly. 
The Scotts approached, led by Peter. He looked at Chad and said with a low voice, “Is Logan not coming?” 
“Mr. Scott Senior, he’s probably been really tired these past few days, and his mental state isn’t up to it,” Chad immediately responded. “How about I go and accompany Mason?” 
Peter didn’t agree. Leaning on his cane, he coughed heavily. “Ask him where he is. Logan has always valued friendship. I’d like to know if he really doesn’t care about Mason anymore.” 
As soon as Chad heard this, he knew Peter was angry. He didn’t know what had happened that made Peter insist on Logan coming over.
Chad continued dialing Logan’s number, but after a moment, he said, “Mr. Scott Senior, his phone is off.” 
“Good! Very good!” Peter’s face darkened. “He is clearly setting a boundary with Mason!” 
Chad also didn’t understand what Logan was up to. “Mr. Scott Senior, please don’t be angry. I’ll send 
someone to find him.” 
“Chad, you’re a good kid,” Mr. Scott Senior spoke very skillfully. “I told Clyde that he can rest assured with you in charge of the Winston family. 
“Logan likes racing, and Mason has always accompanied him. Now that something has happened, he’s not even showing up.” 
Chad also had his own agenda. “As long as Grandpa is happy with his decision, it’s all good. Mr. Scott Senior, rest assured. I’ll definitely find Logan and give you an explanation.” 
Peter didn’t say much more, so Chad left. 
At that moment, Darrell emerged from the shadows. 
“Mr. Scott, if you want to completely transfer the resentment from Mason, you still need the other three young masters to be present, especially Logan. His unique constitution is best suited for the specter.” Peter’s dark eyes became clouded. “Logan has always been easy to manipulate. What’s the reason behind 
Chapter 04 The Masterund 
it this time?”
Suddenly, he seemed to remember something. “Logan and he met a medium at your shop. She warned him not to go racing on the mountain, no he avoided a disaster. 
“Who is that young lady? Do you know her, Mr. Novak?” 
“That was my first time seeing her,” Darrell recalled, feeling unenny. “I haven’t soon her on the Arcane Way before. She was brought by Mr. Rathbone, 
“She’s young and not local. She seems to have learned some superficial knowledge and accurately predicted Logan’s encounter by chance.” 
Peter narrowed his eyes as he held the sandalwood beads, “If it was just a chance encounter, that’s fine. But I’m afraid Logan knows someone who can refrain Mason from recovering.” 
“Mr. Scott, rest assured. This set of spells is a taboo in our sect. Unless Atwater personally intervenes, no 
one can break it.” 
Darrell approached him as he added, “Moreover, we also have elders in Kingbourne. As long as Logan comes, the resentment haunting Mr. Mason will be eliminated!” 
Peter’s complexion improved significantly when he heard this. “The Quinnell family hasn’t been stable recently. Shane is still too indecisive. You should also go and take a look.” 
In recent years, the Quinnell family had begun to decline. As long as Peter seized the opportunity to cooperate with Shane, everything was possible.
###chapter395
Chapter 395 Chaos Manifest 
At the same time, Logan immediately turned the car around after he turned off his phone. 
Austin asked, “Logan, are we not leaving?” 
“No. It’s safest to stay by Wynter’s side.” Logan had figured it out. 
Austin exclaimed, “What about me, then?” 
“You go home.” Logan looked at the darkening sky. “Chad will definitely go to your house to find me. Just tell him you don’t know where I went.” 
Austin hesitated. “But Mr. Quinnell saw you today.” 
“He can’t even manage Naomi, so he won’t be in the mood to contact Chad.” Logan was particularly clever at this moment. “Park my car at my apartment, then take a taxi back to your house. Don’t delay.” 
Austin also knew that time was running out and nodded. “Okay. Leave it to me.” 
Logan indeed knew Chad very well. After Chad couldn’t get through to Logan’s phone, he started tagging people in the group. 
But the scions were all quiet about this incident. 
After asking many peripheral people, none had seen Logan. 
Chad first went to Logan’s apartment and knocked hard on the door, but no one answered. So, he asked 
the maid for the password.
There was nothing inside. Chad looked at the empty room and held the phone tighter. 
As the sky grew darker, the pressure from the Scott family became more intense. 
Upstairs at the Scott residence, Mason had started speaking nonsense. 
“Don’t come over! Denny, I never thought you would run off the cliff like that! It’s all because of that woman. Denny, don’t worry. I won’t let her off. 
“Do you want someone to accompany you? I’ll let Logan go down and accompany you, okay?” 
Mason said one sentence after another on the other side of the door. No one dared to go in to deliver food, except for Jamar Baird, who was considered quite bold. 
However, when Mason saw Jamar, he asked Jamar to check his shoulder as he felt it was heavy. 
Jamar couldn’t see anything wrong and could only call Darrell over. 
Before this, Darrell was still confident that he could suppress the resentment. 
But when he saw Mason, his face turned pale, and he seemed a little panicked. “How could this be? I had led it away before. It should have been at the Fenton residence. How did it come back?” 
“Mr. Novak, what came back?” Jamar asked anxiously. 
Uniplex 90 Chaos Manhat 
As the sun set, Mason laughed, and his voice was not at all like his usual self. “Finally, I found it. Sure enough, Master didn’t lie to me.” 
What did he find? Who was this Master?
Jamar suddenly felt the room darkening. 
Darrell threw away the mahogany beads in his hand and spoke eloquently. 
It could be seen that Mason seemed a little uncomfortable. He frowned, not making a sound or 
movement. 
Just when Jamar thought it was safe, Darrell suddenly spurted out a mouthful of blood. He looked at Mason, and his tone was a little panicked. “How could this be? How could there be chaos in you?” 
Mason ignored him and instead sat on the floor, looking at the clock on the wall and smiling. “Hehe… Master is so good to me. There are still three hours left.” 
Three hours later, it would be the time of the car accident. 
Wynter must have been worried that it couldn’t handle these bad people, so she transferred the chaos to 
1. it. 
As expected of Wynter. She really cared about it! 
Darrell covered his heaving chest. Originally, dealing with a wraith was not enough with just his cultivation. The elder had to give him an artifact. 
But now, something must have gone wrong. 
How could chaos manifest? This was impossible! The elder would not have been unaware of it if chaos 
was present.
There must have been an that had absorbed the chaotic air and had been used by someone with ill intentions on this wraith. 
That was why it kept saying “Master“. 
Darrell narrowed his eyes. This wraith had been cultivated with great difficulty, and it was designated by the elder. It absolutely couldn’t be given to others!
###chapter396
Chapter 396 Lifesaver 
Mason clearly didn’t regard Darrell highly. He stood up and crushed the mahogany beads on the ground. 
“People like you always enable evildoers. Let me tell you, you can’t save him. I’m going to make him come down and accompany mel” 
Jamar was trembling with fear. “Mr. Novak, Mr. Mason…” 
“The time hasn’t come yet, so it still can’t harm anyone.” 
There was cause and effect in the world. Even if it wanted to seek revenge, it must be executed at the 
right time. 
Darrell glanced at Jamar. “The plan has changed. Tell Mr. Scott to find Mr. Logan as soon as possible!” 
If Logan didn’t come, he wasn’t sure if he could save Mason’s life. 
Everything had been arranged before this. But who caused it to leave Austin? 
Darrell 
htened his grip, and his eyes showed no signs of slackening. 
It was still not the time when the resentment was deepest in the wraith. He could still suppress it with his 
Arcane Way.
But after 9:15 pm, if the scapegoat didn’t appear, Darrell would be no match for this wraith with its strong resentment plus the added chaos. 
He didn’t tell Peter these words. He just urged the Scott family to find Logan quickly. 
Chad sensed that something was abnormal with the Scott family this time. But he didn’t want to offend Peter, so he continued searching for Logan. 
He even went to the Fenton residence, but no matter how much he tried persuading Austin, he wouldn’t reveal Logan’s whereabouts. 
Austin insisted, “Since leaving the Scott residence, I haven’t seen Logan. You can go ask someone else.” His attitude was almost impatient. The Fenton family didn’t entertain him, either. 
Chad was filled with frustration. He tried to call Logan again, but Logan’s phone was still off. 
In the Fenton residence’s living room, Alijah Fenton looked out the window and asked Austin, “You clearly met Logan. Why did you say you didn’t?” 
Austin explained the whole story/including the advice from Wynter, though he didn’t reveal Wynter’s information and referred to her as a friend. 
Alijah’s eyes deepened after he heard what Austin said. He had already made up his mind to confront the Scott family! 
The Scott family harmed Austin and now wanted to make Austin a scapegoat. 
Chapte:20 Lifehaver 
Austin might not know about his horoscope, but Alijah was very clear about it.
The older generation believed in fate, especially familles like the Fenton family, who had been in business 
for generations. 
“You have to thank your friend.” Alijah sighed. “She saved your life and the Fonton family.” 
“Don’t worry, Grandpa. I’ll stick with my friend from now on.” Austin’s eyen were filled with admiration.” Grandpa, you don’t know how amazing she is. When you meet her, you’ll be surprised. Her identity is also special!” 
Alijah shook his head. “You are too reckless. I look forward to seeing how special your friend’s identity is.” 
At that time, Alijah didn’t know that the friend mentioned by Austin would turn out to be the “bumpkin” Sevie, who was rumored to have been brought back from the countryside by the Quinnell family. 
That night, as the lights in the cities came on, cars were coming and going endlessly during the rush hour. on the Second Ring Road of Kingbourne. 
Ronan tried to take shortcuts as much as possible with Alec and his treasured possession in his car. 
Unfortunately, the traffic was too congested. It was already dark, and they were still over two miles away 
from the hotel. 
In the presidential suite, Wynter watched the hotel’s surveillance footage, and her gaze fell on the basement level’s footage.
The situation was even more troublesome than she had imagined. She finally understood why Wolf liked 
this place. 
It wasn’t just because the atmosphere was chaotic, but because there was an earthbound spirit here. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Days
###chapter397
Chapter 397 Wynter Takes Action 
To understand the specific situation, she needed to go underground. 
Because of the complex geographical location, it unexpectedly protected Marie. 
This was the first time Wynter encountered such a situation. She didn’t take Marie away because she sensed something amidst the chaotic air. 
Although the hotel was dangerous, at least it could help preserve Marie’s sanity. 
Wynter’s fingers tapped on the keyboard, calculating the path using instruments. 
In the Five Elements, there was a technique called vital point strike. 
The hotel itself wasn’t a problem, but some minor designs made the entire hotel’s energy appear gloomy. 
First, she needed to restore the disrupted aura, and then focus on the underground. There must be something there that wasn’t easily detectable. 
The Evercrest Gems‘ role was extraordinary in this. 
After planning everything. Wynter waited for Ronan to bring the stone. 
Of course, the most important thing was the candle jar. With it, they could retrieve Marie’s lost soul. 
Although Marie didn’t know what Wynter was doing, she was very interested in the code Wynter was typing. “Wynter, what are you doing?”
“Redesigning the hotel’s layout.” Wynter looked outside at the darkening sky, then shifted her gaze to Marie. “Mom, I want to know when you first fell ill and where it happened.” 
Marie thought for a moment. “After you were kidnapped, I was always looking for you. At that time, I even fainted when I received news about you.” 
“Received news about me?” Wynter’s eyes flickered. “What kind of news exactly?” 
Marie nodded. “Yes. The other party said they saw you on a southbound train. After I received the call, I wanted to find you. At that time, I was at home, and then I came here to the hotel. 
“Shane was here at the time, and then we prepared some money together because they wanted cash. After that, we called the police, but then the phone couldn’t get through anymore. It all happened here. I 
remember…” 
Marie’s eyes began to wander. “Back then, it was clear that you could be found.” 
“I’m back now.” Wynter took Marie’s hand and placed it on her own face. “Look at me now. I’m fine.” 
Marie looked at the fair face in front of her. “You’ve grown up in places where I can’t see.” 
“I’ll let you see me from now on.” Wynter smiled gently. “Until you’re tired of seeing me.” 
Marie chuckled, never feeling as happy as she did today. 
Chapter 107 Wynter Takes Action 
2 
Wynter observed Marie’s condition while also texting Abel.
“Find out who contacted my mother after I went missing.” 
Abel, who hadn’t been summoned for a long time, suddenly became alert in the university dormitory. 
“Boss, are you talking about Marie Whitman?” 
Wynter replied with two words, “Who else?” 
“It’s not easy to investigate the Quinnell family’s affairs. It will take time. You know your family is very wealthy and has many hidden stories.” 
Abel typed quickly. 
“But don’t worry, Boss. With me here, there won’t be any accidents. My gossip network might be lacking when it comes to serious matters, but when it comes to these hidden stories, I have the upper hand!” 
Wynter looked at him blowing his own trumpet and replied, “One week.” 
Seeing that Wynter wasn’t joking, Abel immediately became serious. “I’ll start investigating now.” 
Wynter didn’t look at her phone again. 
Marie fell ill after receiving news of her. 
At that time, Naomi hadn’t appeared yet. According to the information Wynter received, the Quinnell family started supporting Naomi six months after Wynter was kidnapped. 
In other words, someone had targeted the Quinnell family even earlier than that.
###chapter398
Chapter 398 Unique Destiny 
Wynter pinched the purple sugilite pendant between her fingers, wanting to clear her thoughts a bit. 
What role was Naomi playing in all of this? Fiona didn’t seem like an ordinary maid with her unwavering confidence, and Shane’s attitude was also suspicious. 
But Wynter didn’t believe that Naomi was Shane’s illegitimate daughter. 
It was simple logic. If Naomi truly had a blood relation with Shane, she wouldn’t have been just the 
Quinnell family’s sponsee, she would have replaced Wynter and become the Quinnell family’s young lady. 
Everything was suspicious. 
Wynter remembered Fabian saying they would fully support Naomi at that time, making her different from other sponsees. It was all because she looked so much like Wynter when she was young. 
Wynter’s eyes darkened slightly. As she was about to ask something else, the sudden sound of wind chimes came through. 
There were no wind chimes in the room. 
Wynter turned her head to look out the window, and the air around the hotel had changed. 
This was an Earthbound Formation! 
Wynter tried to open the window, but it remained still. 
Wolf was very excited, and his eyes were brighter than ever.
Earthbound Formations were not easy to form, and they were made up of the resentment and unfulfilled wishes of countless people from their past lives. 
Wynter had only heard of this formation when Atwater was around. This was her first time seeing it. 
Once an Earthbound Formation formed, people outside could enter by fate, but those inside couldn’t leave until the formation dissipated. 
“It looks like I cannot wait for the Evercrest Gems and candle jar.” Wynter sighed heavily. “Surely, it’s not just my bad luck that I encountered an Earthbound Formation in a place with such chaotic energy.” 
Wolf raised his hand to gesture that it was very comfortable and he was ecstatic. 
“Of course you would feel comfortable.” Wynter pulled the purple sugilite pendant from her waist and put 
it on Marie, then added her last lucky coin on the string. “Mom, no matter what you hear later, don’t leave 
the room.” 
Marie just said, “Okay.” 
The doorbell rang. Wynter walked over but did not make a move yet. 
A voice came through. “Wynter, it’s me. Are you inside? What’s going on with the hotel? I haven’t seen anyone, and there’s no one in the restaurant.” 
Chapter 358 Brique Destiny 
Wynter furrowed her brow, opened the door, and asked, “Why are you here? Didn’t I ask you to go home?
“My family doesn’t stand by me anyway. If I go back, it’s just to shield Mason, Logan said while stepping 
inside. 
He noted, “Wynter, when I went downstairs just now, there were still a lot of people there, many of whom were guests. But now, there’s no one around. When I called the front desk, they asked where I was, which 
was weird.” 
Wynter couldn’t help but acknowledge his constitution. “Is it your luck, or are you just unlucky? 
There was chaos and a lingering spirit. What a surprise. No wonder an Earthbound Formation was formed. 
Wynter didn’t waste time and pulled Logan into the room. 
So far, her chances of winning were slim. She only had 30 percent of winning if there were no surprises. 
Unfortunately, at this moment, there was a surprise. 
The doorbell rang again. 
Wynter thought it must be the earthbound spirit this time. 
After all, the formation had formed, and there was no reason for the earthbound spirit to not come to find 
them.
But unexpectedly, the person standing outside wasn’t the earthbound spirit at all, it was Dalton, who had been busy these past few days. 
He looked like he had just returned from out of town. He was still wearing his black windbreaker, paired with a white shirt inside. His handsome and noble face was as eye–catching as always. 
His right hand was busy with his phone, but when he saw it was Wynter who opened the door, his brows 
relaxed. 
He gave a low and pleasant–sounding laugh. “I’ve been trying to call you, but your phone’s been off.” 
Enjoy Ad Free Reading>>
###chapter399
Chapter 399 Meeting His Rival 
As Dalton spoke, he coughed lightly several times. He appeared sickly, but it didn’t affect the air he brought about him. 
The bracelet wrapped around his wrist was colorful and eye–catching, highlighting his aloof and ascetic 
demeanor. 
He was already tall but appeared even taller when standing in the hotel corridor. His legs were long, and 
his figure was striking. He looked seemingly out of place in this world. 
“How did you manage to come to a place where even the telecom signal doesn’t work?” Wynter asked as 
she grabbed his wrist and pulled him into the room. 
The two were close. 
Dalton didn’t expect her to act so suddenly. His nose brushed against her hair, and with just a slight tilt of his head, he could smell the faint fragrance emanating from her. 
Wynter had quite the charm. Her strength was fast and precise, stopping whatever was trying to come 
over. 
Soon, the lights in the entire corridor dimmed. Behind Dalton was an endless black mist. He couldn’t see
it himself, but Wynter could see it clearly. 
But one thing was strange; logically, once the Earthbound Formation formed, it would be impossible for anyone to break in so easily. 
Logan was an exception because he was on the same floor and accidentally entered the formation due 
to his constitution. 
But why was this handsome patient of hers here? 
Wynter scrutinized Dalton’s features, but couldn’t make sense of it. 
Wynter was curious. “How did you come up?” 
Through the elevator,” Dalton said, raising an eyebrow in surprise. “Did Ethan not come up?” 
“Not everyone can use the elevator right now,” Wynter said before closing the door and looking at him. Did you encounter anything?” 
Dalton’s black eyes were charming. “I encountered an old lady with white flowers. She was all wet.” 
Wynter paused. “Where are the white flowers?” 
“I don’t like that color, so I didn’t take them,” Dalton said with a smile. “Was it dangerous?” 
Wynter looked into Dalton’s eyes, and her probing became deeper. “You refused, and she didn’t get angry?” 
“She was angry, but she left,” Dalton said calmly. “The old lady was quite old and hard of hearing. 
“Since there was no market for flowers in the guest room, I suggested she go to the neighboring bar to
Chupte: 399 Meeting His Rival 
see if anyone there would buy them. She didn’t even look back.” 
Wynter couldn’t help but smile. She thought the old lady was planning to sell flowers to him, but he went on to analyze the market. 
White flowers were usually placed at memorials when someone passed away. 
In other words, he did encounter an earthbound spirit. But the spirit didn’t want to bother him. 
Wynter sized Dalton up. “Your fate is quite resistant.” 
Even earthbound spirits listened to his advice and didn’t bother with him. 
For someone as precious as him, it would be quite difficult to get involved with spirits as long as he didn’t 
die of illness. 
It was quite unlike Logan, whom every spirit wanted to find. 
At this moment, Logan perfectly embodied what it meant to be dumbfounded. 
When he looked at the man, who used to seem as unreachable as a high peak across the galaxy, his 
mouth was agape. 
In just a few seconds, more than ten thoughts flashed through his mind.
He was the Yarwood family’s young master! The peak of mankind! 
Why did Logan have to encounter an excellent man at such a time? 
It wasn’t a good time for Dalton to be here! Both of them were scions, and Logan was the most handsome person in the room before Dalton arrived! Dalton was not only tall but also oppressive! 
Out of nowhere, Logan stood up. His actions confused even himself. 
Logan reminded himself that they were peers. No matter how powerful Dalton was, Dalton wouldn’t eat him up. He shouldn’t be afraid! 
“Um… Mr. Ernest, have you eaten?” Logan didn’t know where he got a bag of potato chips from. “I have 
snacks here.” 
At first, Dalton didn’t even notice Logan. After all, the suite’s layout prevented others from seeing inside. 
But when he heard his voice, he raised his eyes leisurely, but his voice carried other implications. “Mr. 
Logan?”
###chapter400
Chapter 400 Dalton Only Protects His Wife 
Did Dalton just call him “Mr. Logan“? 
Logan felt his legs ache just standing there. “T” 
“Mr. Logan, I heard you admire my fiancée and think I’m inferior to you in every way.” Dalton coughed lightly as his lips curled into a faint smile. “I thought it was just gossip from the lower ranks.” 
It was as if Logan was hit by an arrow, and his expression was as colorful as it could be. 
He suddenly remembered the things he said at the Panzarath, Back then, he seemed to have mocked Wynter for telling Dalton everything. 
Now, he wished he could go back in time, cover his mouth, and stop himself from blabbering! 
“It’s a misunderstanding, Mr. Ernest. It’s really a misunderstanding. 
Logan believed everyone in their circle feared this figure from the Yarwood family. 
Regardless of what Chad said behind Dalton’s back, it was just a matter of a glance in front of Dalton. 
There was an unwritten rule in their circle that everyone could compare with each other–except Dalton, who was beyond comparison. 
Dalton’s gaze fell on Logan, and his lips curved into a smile. “It’s already dark out, and you’re here. Is it also a misunderstanding?” 
“…” Logan felt like he was beyond redemption.
Now he realized why Wynter had asked him not to come. A fiancé with such possessiveness would want to know everything. 
But didn’t everyone say that Dalton was emotionless and didn’t care about anyone? Didn’t he try to break the engagement off since it was forced upon him? 
What was going on? 
Logan couldn’t bear Dalton’s icy stare! 
He looked at Wynter subconsciously. 
After locking the door, Wynter turned back and saw Logan’s cowardly appearance. She was worried that before the earthbound spirit could even entangle him, he would begin to lie on the ground to pretend to 
be dead. 
She explained lightly, “He’s my client now. He paid me, and I’ll protect him until tomorrow.” 
“No wonder the Scott family couldn’t find him anywhere.” Dalton withdrew his gaze from Logan while smiling at Wynter. “How much did you charge for this?” 
“I forgot.” Wynter was absent–minded. “There’s a record with Wolf.” 
30 Dalton Only Protects Has Wo 
Dalton’s voice was low and pleasant. Seeing her discomfort, he reached out to massage her waist. “If it’s less than five million dollars, make him pay more. Did you also help the Fenton family?”
Wynter relaxed a little while leaning lazily against him. “I just gave them some guidance.” 
“Did the Scott family offend you?” Dalton suddenly asked. 
Wynter met his gaze without hiding anything. “They did.” 
“If you want the Scott family to fall, you’ll be too tired to do it on your own. Let me handle it.” Dalton smiled gently, accompanied by a few coughs. “I happen to have some advantages in this regard.” 
Wynter didn’t show much reaction. 
Logan, on the other hand, was dumbfounded. How could these two openly talk about taking down the Scott family in front of him? 
“Mr. Ernest, if I may interrupt, you should know that the Winston family and the Scott family are friends, 
right? 
Wasn’t Dalton worried Logan would go and snitch on him? 
Dalton looked up and was unconcerned. “So what? 
“Nothing. It’s nothing.” Logan took a step back involuntarily. At that moment, he felt like Dalton was 
looking at him like trash. Was it just his imagination? 
Wynter tugged at Dalton’s finger. “Don’t scare him. His constitution is a bit troublesome.” 
As soon as she said this, there was a knock on the door. It came one after another, unlike the previous 
two times.
The sound echoed in the corridor, making people inexplicably uneasy. 
Claim Bonus For F 
Free Every Day>>
###chapter401
Chapter 401 Wynter’s Hidden Identity Is About to Be Revealed 
In the suite, Wolf, who had been guarding Marie, suddenly stood up straight as his eyes shone brightly. 
Marie was puzzled. “What’s wrong?” 
Wolf licked his lips, and his small hands gestured excitedly, “I’m hungry. There’s so much delicious food 
outside, but I’m not allowed to go. I have to stay here to guard you.” 
Marie also heard the commotion coming from the living room. 
The hotel suite was always large, and theoretically, the soundproofing should be very good. 
However, Marie seemed to hear a lot of noise. 
It started with the sound of wind chimes, and now there were thumping footsteps that sounded as if they 
were right next to her ear. 
Thinking back, she often heard people talking when she was asleep before. Every time she talked to Shane about it, he thought her condition was worsening. 
Sometimes, Marie also doubted herself. Why could she hear things that others couldn’t? 
Now, seeing 
wolf’s appearance, she felt like she had found a kindred spirit. “You can hear voices, too?” 
Wolf nodded vigorously. “Lots! They’re here!”
They were here? What did that mean? 
Before Marie could ask, the knocking on the door outside stopped. 
A clear voice echoed outside the door. “Mr. Holloway, are you there? Your takeaway is here.” 
Who was Mr. Holloway? Why was there a takeaway? 
Logan, who was standing in the middle of the living room, replied subconsciously, “There’s no one here-” 
He was silenced by Wynter’s silver needle. 
Logan’s mouth was still moving, but no sound came out. 
However, just the slight sound made the delivery man, who was about to leave, turn back. 
“Mr. Holloway?” 
The pounding on the door resumed, and it was even louder than before. 
“Your takeaway is here. Could you please open the door to collect it? I need to hurry to deliver the next order. If I’m late, I’ll be fined.” 
The delivery man’s voice sounded urgent. 
“Mr. Holloway, can you please say something?” 
1272 
Logan felt that the delivery man was a bit too impatient.
Seeing no one answering the door, the pounding got even louder. The delivery man seemed to be kicking the door with quite some forcel 
“Mr. Holloway! Are you going to keep me waiting? Do you want to give me a bad review?” 
A bad review? 
Dalton, standing in the middle, showed a hint of disdain in his black eyes. 
He looked at Wynter while raising his eyebrows slightly. This delivery man didn’t seem quite normal. 
Could it be normal? It was an earthbound spirit with deep resentment. 
Dalton didn’t mind the situation. Despite the loud knocking on the door, he remained calm while making tea with scholarly elegance, showing no signs of agitation. 
Logan began to feel a chill behind his back. He felt like he was losing control, wanting to reach out and 
open the door. 
Inside the bedroom, Marie’s eyes also began to blur. If it weren’t for Wolf by her side, she would have been affected long ago. This was also why Wynter had Wolf guard her. 
But this couldn’t go on forever. 
In the Earthbound Formation, the earthbound spirits‘ abilities were magnified several times. 
The earthbound spirit that came knocking on the door had to be dealt with first before there was a 
chance to break the formation.
Before opening the door, Wynter decided to give a brief explanation to prevent Logan from using his constitution to complicate matters. 
She raised her hand and said, “Stop shouting and listen to me.” 
Logan was very afraid and whispered, “Wynter, he told me to open the door, and I almost went over.” 
“It’s normal. After all, his grudge runs deep.” Wynter glanced at him. “You should be familiar with this kind of thing. Why does it seem like you’re seeing it for the first time?” 
Logan widened his eyes. “I’m not familiar with it! I’ve never seen it before!” 
At this moment, the sound outside suddenly stopped.
###chapter402
Chapter 402 Her Handsome Patient Knows a Lot 
Subconsciously, Wynter glanced at the time on her phone. It was exactly 9:00 pm. 
Earthbound spirits shouldn’t appear at this time. 
She locked out the window, squinted slightly, and said in a calm tone, “Oh, you should get used to it and develop it.” 
Logan was speechless. Why did he need to develop something like this? 
Dalton, who was sipping his tea, raised an eyebrow slightly. “What do you want him to develop?” 
“His constitution. Theoretically, it makes him very suitable for becoming a ferryman.” 
After saying this, Wynter explained to the bewildered Logan, “In movies, it’s called the reaper. It guides the souls to where they belong in the afterlife, and you get paid by the underworld. Understand?” 
Logan’s face turned pale. “I understand, Wynter, but I think my courage is not suitable for this profession. It sounds too dangerous. 
“Indeed, I heard your soul will be lost if you’re not careful.” Wynter became serious. “I haven’t seen it before, either.” 
Logan was dumbfounded. “If you haven’t seen it, then why are you talking about it as if this position really exists?” 
Dalton, however, listened with some amusement. His low and pleasant voice echoed in Wynter’s ears. 
“I remember someone saying there is a scientific basis for the Five Elements and Eight Trigrams, and people should pay attention to the energy’s harmony. Don’t go against the laws of nature.”
Why was Dalton still bringing up the lies she used to tell him? 
Wynter wasn’t flustered by being caught. Dalton was always smart. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have helped the Special Operations Team track her down through minor details. 
Alas, it could only be said that beauty misled people. 
Every time she saw his face, she automatically ignored his identity. 
“First, we must believe in science, and the end of science is theology.” Wynter’s long black hair swayed, and there was a smile in her eyes. 
She explained, “Some people have major unfulfilled wishes or deep resentments before they die. These emotions make them unable to leave the area where they lived after death. 
“Usually, they continue to repeat certain behaviors from their past lives. These behaviors often conceal the cause of their death.” 
Logan asked, “What do you mean?” 
Both Wynter and Dalton said at the same time, “Earthbound spirits.” 
This made Logan turn back involuntarily. “Do you know about it, Mr. Ernest?” 
“I’ve read some miscellaneous books” Dalton placed his teacup down calmly 
Logan chuckled. Would anyone in their circle actually read such miscellaneous books? No wonder no one in the circle could outdo him. 
Chad at most read “The Art of War“, which Clyde praised endlessly. 
What kind of miscellaneous books did Dalton read for him to talk about this kind of stuff like it really
existed? 
Dalton didn’t pay attention to him but looked at Wynter with a faint smile. “So, are we currently inside an 
Earthbound Formation?” 
“Yes.” Wynter smiled. 
The Yarwood family was indeed a hereditary family of the country’s Homeland Security. They were still learning even in this generation. Dalton knew more than she had imagined. 
“It’s written in ancient scrolls that beings referred to as spirits are generally not harmful. They only confine themselves to one place out of habit. But the thing outside the room right now doesn’t seem harmless.” 
Dalton stood up, as elegant as ever. “Is it because of the hotel’s energy?” 
Wynter looked at the time. “Partly, and we need to 
investigate another part. This Earthbound Formation should have been forcibly activated by someone. It’s not normal. 
“The earthbound spirits inside the formation are all imbued with resentment. You two should try to avoid. 
them later.” 
“Later? But hasn’t the delivery guy left already?” 
Logan was very naive. Did he really think the spirit had left?
The door was forcefully hit once more, causing even the walls to tremble. 
Logan froze in place.. 
Wynter directly opened the door, meeting the delivery man’s bloodied face. “Darling, your attitude doesn’t seem like you’re in the service industry. Please be more friendly.” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading
###chapter403
Chapter 403 Let Me Borrow Some of Your Fortune 
The delivery man seemed taken aback by the unexpected attitude of the person who opened the door. His facial expression suddenly stiffened. 
He forgot what he was going to say next. He held the plastic bags and stared at Wynter, attempting to 
intimidate her. 
Wynter glanced at his features–high and sharp cheekbones. Despite his attempt to maintain professionalism and a neutral expression, the malevolent aura was unmistakable. 
“Yes. I’ll be more careful next time, the delivery man said before raising his hand. “Mr. Holloway ordered some tea.” 
“There’s no one with that family name here,” Wynter said casually. “Why don’t you come in and see for yourself?” 
The delivery man seemed to be waiting for this invitation. With wet shoes, he stepped into the room. 
He lowered his head, and his eyes darkened. “I want to know why you keep giving me bad reviews. Do you know how much money I’ve lost because of those reviews? 
“You rich people think you can do whatever you want with us! Don’t think I don’t know you’re living alone!” 
Suddenly, he raised his hand. 
However, Wynter didn’t give him the chance to attack. She kicked him into the door. 
Logan, who was standing inside, was shocked and wondering how she did that.
The delivery man was more stunned than him, realizing his sudden rage. 
Wynter didn’t give him a chance to recover. She stepped on his back and looked at Dalton. “Dalton, can I 
borrow some of your fortune?” 
“Sure.” Dalton looked interested, and his eyes casually fell on the delivery man. 
The delivery man’s expression changed. How could it have been him? 
“Is this delivery guy afraid of you?” Wynter sensed something amiss. 
Dalton’s eyes deepened. Indeed, but I haven’t seen him before. I never order delivery, either.” 
“True. You have a weak stomach,” Wynter said before reaching out to him. Dalton also naturally extended his fingertips. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “That’s not how you lend it.” 
“Hmm?” Dalton chuckled softly. “How should I do it, then?” 
Wynter leaned closer to him, while Dalton lowered his gaze subconsciously. 
Wynter’s lips touched his, drawing out a natural purple aura and transferring it to a lucky coin. 
Chapter 401 Let Me Borrow Some of Your forts 
Logan watched in astonishment. Won Wynter just using thin excuse to kiss Dalton? 
Dalton’s black eyelashes twitched slightly, and his handsome face suggested he was restraining himself
at this moment. 
Unfortunately, it was just a brief touch. 
The lucky coin seemed to glow with a layer of light. 
Those of extremely high status were truly favored by fate. 
With the artifact’s enhancement, the entire formation’s perimeter loosened. 
This made Kaspar Stavius, who had come down from the mountain, stop abruptly. 
“Master? What’s wrong?” 
Accompanying him was a young man who looked like a college student. 
“Do you want some candies again? Just let me know beforehand. I can buy some for you, but you can’t use divination to pay people anymore, or they’ll think you’re trying to scam them.” 
“Quiet.” Kaspar gestured in the direction slightly west of the crossroads. “Why is the aura so chaotic? It’s bad! It’s an Earthbound Formation. Get your master here.” 
The college student exclaimed, “But Master has been invited by an old friend to help someone.” 
“He’s always falling short at a critical moment.” Kaspar didn’t say more. He walked quickly forward, knowing there were other people present besides the Earthbound Formation. 
Who exactly was able to break the formation with fortune and brute force? 
Such an aptitude was perfect for becoming a ghost hunter! 
It was just that the method used was wrong, so the fortune and spiritual power were wasted.
He needed to see who it was and intervene if necessary. He had many disciples, but none had the skills 
to be his apprentice yet. 
He felt lucky to have come to Kingbourne. He seemed to have found a potential apprentice. 
Kaspar walked quickly, ignoring the college student’s shouts behind him. 
On the pedestrian street, Kaspar’s attire and pace were quite eye–catching. His speed was so fast that people who didn’t know better wouldn’t have known he was a hundred–year–old man. 
After all, whose grandpa could walk faster than a bicycle?
###chapter404
Chapter 404 Wynter’s Intelligence 
In the hotel, the delivery man wanted to escape, but Wynter cornered him by the window. 
Seeing this, the delivery man pleaded pitifully, “Master, please let me go. I’m just a delivery man, and I’ve never harmed anyone.” 
“Are you sure?” Wynter approached him while speaking. “The first thing supernatural phenomenons affect. 
is communication.” 
Wynter opened the webpage on her phone. “I don’t usually use this application much, but the homepage. automatically refreshed with a news article from seven years ago.” 
She continued, “It says here that a girl often gave a delivery man bad reviews, and then the delivery man pushed her down as he was unable to bear it, accidentally causing an irreversible tragedy. Later, the incident was exposed. He came from a poor family and was quite pitiable. 
“Moreover, he seemed to have some mental issues. The girl who lived in an upscale neighborhood was said to often pick fights with people. Neighbors confirmed that she had a bad temper. 
“During that period, she even had conflicts with a child. So everyone thought the girl was being too aggressive, he was instigated by her, and that he acted in self defense. The public’s opinion sided with him, and with the crucial evidence missing, he was only sentenced to a few years in prison.” 
Wynter turned to look at him. “If I’m not mistaken, he should have been released from prison by now.” 
She said with determination, “When you entered just now, you said, ‘Don’t think that just because you used the word ‘Mr.‘ on your door, I wouldn’t know you’re not living alone!‘
“This implied that your actions then weren’t accidental, but premeditated. You even seemed to be aware of the girl’s living situation. She had used “Mr.“, to protect herself, but you still targeted her. This fixation of yours manifested from the day you delivered the order to her on the 23rd.” 
Wynter lowered her gaze. “The change in the delivery orders happened after that day. Usually, a delivery man would stay in areas where the orders were higher. 
“You only received 20–something orders a day, and between 3:00 pm and 5:00 pm, you only took her orders. Your obsession with her has grown since then. The girl’s intuition was accurate–she sensed danger and left bad reviews for you. 
“This wasn’t your first time committing a crime.” 
Wynter lifted the delivery man and mocked, “A half–dead earthbound spirit showing up in this formation… and in this manner. You’re clearly rushing it!” 
The delivery man froze. He never expected that one day he would encounter someone else who also understood rushing formations. 
This method was only practiced by those who dabbled in the dark arts. 
Especially when their sect’s secret techniques were never disclosed. 
How did she know about this method? 
Furthermore, she was accompanied by him! 
The delivery man’s eyes darted around. When he first saw her manipulating the lucky coin, he naturally assumed she was an Arcane Way Master sent by a reputable sect. 
However, these things wouldn’t cause substantial harm to him.
His true body hadn’t entered the formation. As long as the formation remained intact, he could repeat his actions endlessly. 
After all, the formation master wouldn’t dare to appear as long as he was present. 
The Earthbound Formation couldn’t be broken without the formation master. 
And as soon as it hit 10:00 pm, he could return to his true body. 
The delivery man desperately tried to stall for time. He turned to Logan and pleaded, “Sir, you have to believe me. I haven’t…” 
But at this point, the delivery man stopped abruptly as Wynter called out lazily, “Wolf, come and help.” 
Wolf pushed the door open and walked out. His pale, boyish face was full of fierceness, but his eyes gleamed when he looked at the delivery man. 
Others couldn’t see it, but from the delivery man’s position, he could clearly see the tip of Wolf’s tongue touching his sharp teeth. 
Chaos? 
This… this was Chaos! 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>>
###chapter405
Chapter 405 The Other Side of Wolf 
The delivery man’s hair stood on end! 
His eyes darted around, his expression filled with fear! 
Earthbound spirits in the Earthbound Formation could keep reviving, and artifacts couldn’t eliminate them. 
But if Chaos appeared in the formation, it would be a different story. 
Ancient beasts, regardless of any formation, would devour all earthbound spirits with just one bite! 
Why did Chaos appear here? 
It shouldn’t be here! 
Even the ancient texts had described Chaos and Povert’s death in the vast snowy mountains during the great calamity, buried beneath three thousand feet of ice. 
After all, the heavens didn’t tolerate fierce beasts, so how would they reincarnate? 
But what was this in front of him? 
His hands started to shake. If he weren’t in his current form, perhaps he wouldn’t have detected Chaos‘ aura because Wolf had hidden it too well. Wolf looked almost like an ordinary child, with skin fairer and far more tender than most children. 
He wore… a lucky coin and an Arcane Way copper bell. 
Someone had sealed its nature!
The delivery man didn’t want to die. His eyes darted around, and he shouted to Wolf, “Sir, this young lady 
is using you!” 
d’sir?” 
“Sir?” Logan was puzzled. “Is this guy out of his mind? Why is he calling a child‘ 
Wolf, however, stopped in his tracks. 
were so 
The delivery person, feeling like he had stirred something, continued, “Sir, in the past, you powerful that people had to worship you and beg for your help. This young girl has trapped your soul with Arcane Way and is using you for her own purposes. It’s blatant exploitation!” 
Wolfs round eyes looked around. 
The delivery man grew more confident and was about to smirk. 
But Wolf took out salt and pepper seasoning and gestured with his hand. “Go lie down there; I don’t like my food raw. I prefer it roasted. Be sensible and don’t make me take action.” 
The delivery man and Logan were speechless. 
The latter didn’t understand, while the former understood too well. 
Dalton couldn’t understand sign language, but he guessed about 70 to 80 percent of it. His deep and. 
Chughts The hot Wit
l 
captivating eyes looked at Wynter as he asked, “Can Wolf eat human souls?” 
Wynter still wanted to keep it a secret. 
Meanwhile, Wolf had already stripped off the delivery person’s clothes and was preparing to roast him. 
over a fire. 
Wynter rubbed her temples. This wasn’t the help she wanted. 
This scene was somewhat distressing. 
“It seems he doesn’t only eat human souls,” Dalton said in his light and charming voice. “Seems like he pats everything. He’s not picky, but he pursues a certain cooking method.” 
Wolf took out his fork and knife, ran to the inner room to make sure Marie was still sleeping, and dashed. back to Wynter before gesturing, “Boss, can I eat this bad guy?” 
“You’ve prepared your fork and knife. Why are you asking me?” Wynter glanced at the delivery man who exposed all her secrets. “Go ahead. After eating him, it’ll just be another person dead in their sleep the next day.” 
The delivery man’s face paled. He whispered, “Cultivators can’t kill! Young lady, aren’t you afraid of 
backlash?” 
“I’m not afraid,” Wynter replied calmly. “It’ll be an accident, just like how it happened back then.”
He was truly scared now. He was worried that if he died in the formation, it wouldn’t be the formation master who would be tortured, but him! 
“Let me go if you want to break the formation so badly. I’ll tell you who the formation master is! You should know that the Earthbound Formation is different from other formations. If you can’t find the formation master, none of you can leave!”
###chapter406
Chapter 406 Collaboration 
Suddenly, Wynter smiled at him. 
“Do you think I chose to randomly recite a news article to you just now?” 
At her words, the delivery man froze. He seemed to realize something and tried to step back frantically. 
Wynter didn’t give him the chance to retreat. “Even though you’re just an earthbound spirit like the others, the formation master in the Earthbound Formation is an existence that every earthbound spirit dares not mention because the consequences will be unimaginable if you anger the formation master. 
“But you act so brazenly, which means that you’re not afraid of the formation master. Because you know that she won’t show up as long as you’re around.” 
Wynter continued, “You killed someone but received no punishment. Instead, the dead girl was gossiped about for a long time. Even now, you’re still trying to gain sympathy by flaunting your identity.” 
She warned, “The Earthbound Formation can trap not only many dead spirits but also living beings, and even some animals who died unjustly. People with strong attachments who enter are also unable to 
break free.” 
but “You repeat this delivery action every time and insist on entering the door. It’s not your attachment, the formation master’s. She’s reminding every entrant to beware of you. I guess that over the years, many entrants and many human souls have been trapped in the formation by you,” she remarked. 
“In the end, the formation master’s resentment grew, and some unstable souls were easily lost and distracted here. The formation master doesn’t want to harm others. You entered the formation in the
form of a human soul, repeatedly provoking her until today. The resentment inside the formation is overwhelming, and the entire hotel is like a ghostly hall. The more trapped spirits there are, the harder it is for the formation master to break free.” 
“The formation master is the young lady you deliver food to every time,” she revealed. 
Wynter flicked the delivery address slip aside with her finger. The real address is in Building 2701 in the adjacent neighborhood. 
Then, she said, “It’s easy for me to see the formation master. I’ll just have to kill you, then she won’t 
hesitate to reveal herself.” 
The delivery man shook his head as he knelt and begged for mercy. “You can’t kill me. If you kill me, the formation will never be broken. There are other ways if you want to leave. I can help you get out.” 
“Other ways?” Wynter smiled mockingly. “I came here to find someone, and your ‘other ways” are not practical. I have the simplest solution. Besides Arcane Way, there’s another direct and fast way to break the formation–let the formation master take revenge!” 
Wynter smiled and threw the copper coins, breaking the medium with a casual flick. There was no fear on 
her face. 
The delivery man’s expression changed. 
Chapter 126 Collaboration 
277
He had been so audacious because the formation master of the Earthbound Formation could only repeat her past actions and couldn’t change the outcome. She wouldn’t appear before the culprit. 
But now… the delivery man looked up at the celling, which seemed to be changing. 
“What do you want to know? I’ll tell you everything. Just don’t let her appear,” the delivery man said 
anxiously. 
Wynter turned away, ignoring him. 
The delivery man panicked. “You’re here for Mrs. Quinnell’s soul, right? Don’t you want to know who did it? I have the information; I can—” 
“I don’t need it.” Wynter said to the void, “I’m summoning you now. You won’t have any sins. Take you time to exact your revenge.” 
With a snap, the room seemed to respond. 
Water droplets dripped from the ceiling. 
The television in the room turned on automatically, showing the scene of him delivering food that day. 
With a swish, all the lights in the room went out! 
The delivery man’s plea for help stopped abruptly.
###chapter407
Chapter 407 Finally Found It! 
Logan looked around but still didn’t understand the situation. 
It wasn’t until a voice came from the corner of the room that he finally felt a chill down his spine. The young lady spoke softly into his ear, “Thank you.” He was so scared that he immediately hid behind 
Wynter. 
Dalton looked at him, and there was clear disdain and coldness in his eyes. 
At that moment, Logan couldn’t care less about offending Dalton; he was just too scared. “Wynter, what’s going on?” 
Wynter ignored him and looked at the television in the living room instead. 
On the television, the delivery man panicked as he moved the girl. When he bent down, the keys in his pocket fell out. 
Wynter noticed this scene and looked back into the void again. She said in a calm voice, “You’ve avenged yourself, and now it’s time to let go of your grievances. You need to let go to break the formation.” 
The young lady seemed to respond by shaking the cups and flickering the television screens. Wynter’s eyes were extremely dark, and her face was beautiful and stern. “Rest assured. Someone will handle the new crimes he commits. The ladies living alone won’t be harmed again. This time, he will be brought to justice, and I will submit the key evidence of your case to the police to ensure you get justice.”
As Wynter finished her sentence, a breeze blew through the room, opening the window screen. Even the. wind direction in the bedroom changed. 
She looked at the clock on the wall and found that everything returned to normal. 
The Earthbound Formation was broken, and even the atmosphere in the hotel changed. 
Kaspar stood outside while thinking about how to enter. 
Suddenly, the clouds above the hotel surged and dispersed. 
At the same time, many spirits were released from their bounds. 
The surrounding air currents changed, and Kaspar narrowed his eyes. He was about to set up a formation. to suppress the spirits, but the person blocked him and said politely, “Sir, you can’t sit on the floor here. Everyone is checking in. Would you like to sit on the sofa?” 
It would damage the hotel’s image if someone were to sit on the floor. If others didn’t know, they might think something had happened to the hotel. 
The way Kaspar dressed was also quite bizarre! 
Kaspar, who was brought away, became anxious. He watched as those spirits, filled with resentment and attachment, all intertwined. 
Chapter 407 Finally Found t 
It would be fine if all of them were good spirits as they could fulfill their wishes and not harm anyone. 
Unfortunately, some of the spirits in the Earthbound Formation had already revealed their malicious
intentions. 
How many people. 
suffer if malicious spirits like these were released? 
“How was this formation broken? It’s even more difficult to deal with than before.” 
Kaspar attempted a divination and suddenly frowned! 
“This is outrageous! How could the formation master seek revenge in the formation!” 
Wynter didn’t care about these rules. 
She looked at the clouds in the sky, waved her hand, and said to Wolf, “Go on. Collect whatever you need 
to collect, but don’t be greedy.” 
Wolf nodded eagerly, opened the door, and ran into the pitch–black corridor. 
The formation master seemed sorry and apologized, “I’m sorry. I can’t intervene with other spirits. They 
also have their own enemies.” 
“You’re not the one who should apologize. It’s the perpetrator.” Wynter stared at the now–clear ground below. She suddenly squinted her eyes, picked up her black bag, and said to Dalton, “You stay with my 
mother. I’ll be back in a moment.” 
Where was she going?
Dalton sensed that things weren’t over yet, but before he could ask, Wynter had already left. She even 
casually closed the door behind her….
###chapter408
Chapter 408 Finding Marie’s Soul 
It was clear that Wynter didn’t want to bring him along. 
Dalton raised an eyebrow, and his attractive black eyes turned to Logan standing beside him. “Mr. Logan, why don’t you go out for a walk too?” 
“No! No!” Logan shook his head quickly. “Mr. Ernest, let’s just listen to Wynter and stay with Mrs. Quinnell. It’s too chaotic outsidel” 
Dalton flicked the bracelet on his wrist with his fingertips. He didn’t say anything. His expression was unreadable as he stood in the light and shadow, 
He had a lot of questions, compared to Logan who had none. 
Such as why a delivery man seemed to recognize him. 
The night outside grew darker. 
Countless bound souls struggled and sought to break free. 
Unfortunately, the well–intentioned were trampled by the malicious and tore open a gateway to reality. 
At this moment, Wolf appeared, and a large mass of black mist blocked the way to prevent them from 
escaping. 
All the evil spirits gathered above. 
On the contrary, there was no one underground, only a sacrificial altar that others couldn’t see.
It utilized the innate geographical advantage of the underground parking lot to gather resentment with the 
wind. 
A small that contained ashes could taint everything with malice when buried underground. 
Wynter’s eyes flickered slightly as she pondered how to eliminate the evil aura from the . 
Meanwhile, the old lady selling white flowers appeared. “Miss, want to buy a flower?” 
Wynter glanced at the old lady. “No, thanks.” 
“Everyone went to the roof. Why didn’t you?” The old lady put down the flower basket and looked at Wynter with a somewhat eerie expression. 
Wynter smiled and questioned her back, “Yeah. Why didn’t you go to the roof with everyone else?” 
The old lady’s expression changed. “I’m asking you a question, Just answer it. That’s why I hate women like you the most, and also my daughter–in–law, who ran away with someone and left my son to deliver food alone. You’re all worthless. You should all die and accompany me.” 
“You wish!” Wynter raised her hand and threw the to the ground, scattering the ashes all over the 
ground. 
chaply 101 Anding Marles Soul 
The old lady was furious and wanted to attack Wynter. 
Wynter bit her finger and black energy emanated from her fingertips, but her eyes were exceptionally
bright. 
Seeing this, the old lady panicked. 
She had never encountered such a person before. 
How could there be someone whose spiritual form was more evil than theirs in this world? 
The old lady couldn’t believe it and wanted to escape after throwing away the flower basket. 
Wynter swiftly approached and grabbed her, sealing her inside the lucky coin enveloped in a purple aura. In an instant, the evil spirits, who had been struggling to escape, were pulled back and locked inside the 
. 
Was this redemption or purification? 
Outside the hotel, Kaspar’s eyes gleamed with astonishment! 
It seems that someone could separate good and evil spirits and suppress the evil ones. 
Who was the person who broke the formation? 
The spirits entangled within the formation suddenly regained clarity in their eyes. 
At the same time, several hospitals reported unexplained cases where mentally unstable individuals 
seemed to recover miraculously. 
According to the investigation, these individuals had all directly or indirectly come into contact with an old lady selling flowers.
These people lived in different places and even in different cities. 
Nobody knew that, except for the delivery man. He had also worked as a courier and a taxi driver. 
At first, he had to support his mother, who had a disabled leg, so he had to work continuously. 
Later, when his mother died from gas poisoning, he moved to a different city to start delivering food. The mother and son projected their grievances onto others because of their misfortune. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>>
###chapter409
Chapter 409 The Hotel Receives Fortune Protection!
They wanted to make people unhappy, especially those who were born into good fortune. In fact, the old lady felt that such people were the most suitable to become her daughter-in- law!
There was originally no evil in the world; it was the evil within people's hearts that the tempters of formations needed the most.
With the breaking of the Earthbound Formation, the vengeful spirits were sealed by Wynter into the lucky coin, leaving only the behind.
It was a candle jar that used to be commonly seen everywhere.
Now, it was rarely seen because few people still worshiped Gaia.
Wynter picked it up and put it into her black bag. She didn't want to miss any items that she saw.
Finally, a few souls that had been suppressed underground rushed out.
Among them, one soul was still asking if anyone had seen her daughter.
Wynter stepped forward. "Is your daughter Wynter Quinnell?"
"Yes. She was abducted. When she disappeared, she was wearing a tiger-head hat on her head." The soul's consciousness was wandering. "Someone said she was in this hotel. I've been searching every day but haven't found her."
Wynter's eyes deepened suddenly. "Who told you she was in the hotel?"
"My husband. He said Sevie was here, and I didn't need to go anywhere else. As long as I waited, Sevie would come back."
In a sense, a soul was a part of a person's memory.
However, this soul was in so much pain that it got trapped in the Earthbound Formation when its consciousness was fragile.
"What else did he say?" Wynter asked urgently as time was running out.
"He said he found someone to attempt a divination on Sevie." The soul began to fade as it spoke incoherently. "He told me not to worry as she would be fine. I was very anxious and wanted to report it to the police, but every time I did, the clues disappeared."
At this point, the soul paused. "Who are you? Why do I feel like I know you very well?"
"I am your daughter Sevie." Wynter smiled lightly. "You did nothing wrong; it's natural to make a police report when your daughter is missing. Mom, come back."
The soul seemed to have its own consciousness at this moment. It suddenly looked at her and reached out to touch her hair, but then withdrew its hand the next moment. Then, it
turned around and walked toward the presidential suite.
Each soul found its own destination.
The sacrificial altar, deprived of resentment, was no different from an ordinary parking space.
But this place was too hidden, with no lights even at the connected underground exit, making it difficult for people to discover.
Only someone inside the hotel could have made a move here.
Wynter looked at the underground parking lot where the fortune was circulating and
weighed the black bag in her hand. It seemed that she had to investigate-beginning from the Quinnell family itself.
Besides the Young family, there were others.
No. That wasn't right.
The Young family was just deliberately plotting on the surface.
With Fiona's way of doing things, she couldn't hide anything. She wouldn't bother to set up such a complicated formation.
Did they think everything would be fine with someone taking the blame?
Wynter smirked. All formations had their repercussions.
Instigating murder was as punishable as committing it.
As Wynter dropped a drop of blood from her fingertip into the sacrificial altar, an invisible halo spread out from the hotel.
The guests who had felt irritable and agitated in the hotel lobby now felt a gentle breeze blowing in, carrying a faint lotus fragrance.
Someone asked, "What kind of fragrance does your hotel use? It smells quite pleasant."
The receptionist, who had been resentful and annoyed at the customer, had now adjusted her attitude inexplicably. "I'm not sure. I'll help you ask in a moment. Please, follow me." Kaspar noticed all these invisible changes.
Only he knew that the people present underwent such changes because the entire hotel had received fortune protection!
At the same time, in a villa in the suburbs.
Bang!
###chapter410
Chapter 410 Wynter Takes Action 
The candle jar placed on the side of the study suddenly exploded! 
The old man, who had been absorbing the fortune, suddenly froze! 
He stared incredulously at the shattered candle jar in front of him. His blood surged uncontrollably, and he couldn’t stand steadily. Suddenly, he vomited a mouthful of blood! 
The secretary outside the study heard the commotion and wanted to come in. “Sir?” 
“It’s nothing!” The old man leaned on his cane while gripping the other candle jar tightly. His voice 
sounded like he had aged ten years in an instant. “Send someone to check on Shane. I want to know what 
he’s doing right now.” 
“Yes!” The secretary immediately complied. 
The old man’s eyes darkened considerably at this moment. 
What on earth was going on? 
The Quinnell family’s fortune unexpectedly began to slip out of his control! 
“Wait. Ask Darrell if Shane still believes in him.” 
He needed to know where the problem originated. 
With Shane’s intelligence, he would never think that there was a problem with the fortune–telling of the
hotel. 
Who could have found the Earthbound Formation and broken it? 
Who was opposing him? 
The old man clenched his hand, and his entire face was hidden in the darkness. He was sinister and old as if he were already half dead and had managed to survive to the present through other means. 
Half of his fortune was gone. 
The old man hung his head, and his eyes narrowed slightly. “Resentful infant,” he uttered. 
As long as the resentful infant was still around, he could replenish the life force he had lost. 
How could there be someone in the world who could break the Earthbound Formation and cause him to 
backlash? 
Could there be other cultivators he didn’t know? 
The more he thought about it, the more sinister his eyes became. 
Which ignorant junior had ruined his plans? 
He didn’t want to rush things. He needed the opportunity to find out who it was! 
Chapter 410 Wynter Takes Action 
Meanwhile, in the hotel lobby.
Kaspar was pulling the front desk attendant excitedly while speaking in incomprehensible words, “We are fortunate to have someone who can borrow the fortune of the heavens! Young man, are there any guests. dressed like me staying in your hotel today?” 
“No.” The front desk attendant kept explaining, “Sir, there are very few hotel guests who engage in role- playing. If you want, you can go to the comic convention in front; there are students doing cosplay over 
there.” 
Kaspar shook his head. “Why can’t I make myself clear to you? It’s not cosplay. There are cultivators like 
me!” 
The front desk attendant exchanged glances with another duty manager. 
They wanted to call the police; the old man didn’t seem quite right. 
Kaspar’s eyes were clear. “What are you trying to do? I’m perfectly clear–headed; don’t think about driving me away. It’s not good for the fortune of your hotel.” 
Alright. It was confirmed now that he was delusional. 
“Call the police,” the duty manager said. 
The formation was broken, and Wynter, who had come up from underground, stopped in her tracks after 
seeing this scene. “What’s going on?”
“Ms. Sevie, why did you come up from the west?” The duty manager recognized Wynter and hurried over. It’s too dark there and not many people go there. If you want to explore our hotel next time, I’ll show you the way.” 
Wynter didn’t respond to his words. Instead, she looked at Kaspar not far away, and her eyes narrowed slightly. “So, what’s the situation?” 
“That old man’s a bit confused. He insisted that someone in our hotel is seeking spiritual guidance and borrowing fortune from the heavens.” The duty manager chuckled. “I don’t know where this scammer came from; he’s got quite a full set of equipment, dressed in a robe.” 
Wynter glanced at him. “Do you know about Mt. Dragon?” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading
###chapter411
Chapter 411 The Hotel Flourishes Overnight in Wynter’s Hands 
The manager nodded. “It’s been written in novels. It’s an amazing place!” 
Wynter’s voice was calm. “The robe that the man is wearing is from Mt. Dragon.” 
The manager was dumbfounded. “What do you mean?” 
Wynter lifted her chin slightly. “He’s a real fortune teller. Whoever tries to kick them out will be unlucky.” 
The manager froze, and his mouth was agape. “No way, Ms. Sevie. I…” 
“Hurry up and bring him back. Fortune tellers don’t exist just in novels.” Wynter’s voice was casual. “Have you ever seen videos of debates? There’s even been a conference going on recently.” 
The manager suddenly looked up. “W–what conference?” 
Was this world really so fantastical? 
“It’s legitimate.” Wynter took out her phone and showed him the webpage. “It’s from the Academy faction. That man seems to hold a high position.” 
The manager immediately dashed off, blocking Kaspar who was about to be pushed out of the door! 
*Sir, I just failed to recognize you!” The manager said anxiously. “You’re here for the conference, right?” 
Kaspar snorted and adjusted his hat. “Yes, what else would I be here for?” 
*Please come in! Please come in!” The manager wiped the sweat from his forehead. 
He chose to believe in fortune–telling. No one would want to offend a real fortune teller!
“I just wanted to ask you who broke the formation in your hotel. Why can’t you tell me?” Kaspar was also 
helpless. 
The manager was on the verge of tears. “We really didn’t hire anyone.” 
“No one was hired?” Kaspar was very stubborn. “Impossible. I’ve lived for almost a hundred years, and I can’t be mistaken. The fortune just now came from the heavens!” 
Heavens? 
What heaven? 
When Kaspar said this, all the other guests in the lobby turned to look. 
There were already people taking photos, and now there were even more. 
If this wasn’t handled properly, their hotel might face public backlash online. 
The manager was very anxious and tried to stop people from taking photos, but it was futile. 
After all, Kaspar had been here for so long; those who were quick on the draw had already posted the 
pictures. 
Chapter 411 The Hotel Flourishes Overnight in Wynter’s Hands, 
The manager’s head was spinning, he didn’t know what to do.. 
Wynter returned and asked knowingly, “May I ask if this fortune from heaven is good fortune or bad 
fortune?”
“Naturally, it’s good fortune.” Kaspar thought he had finally met someone he could communicate with. The last time I saw this fortune bestowed by the heavens was at the Quinnell family eighteen years ago. Only a grand master with heavenly aptitude can borrow fortune from heaven.” 
“Young lady, there are talented individuals in this hotel.” Kaspar was eager to take on disciples, so he didn’t want to hide anything. “Have you seen anything?” 
Wynter smiled. “Yes, I did. You came in too hastily, so you probably missed it. Take another look at this 
hotel.” 
Kaspar’s eyes suddenly narrowed. “Is this the Quinnell family’s hotel? How is that possible? Why is the Quinnell family’s fortune in such disarray?” 
“Sir, are you saying this hotel isn’t good?” Wynter asked. 
There were recordings being taken on the other side, and it seemed there was a blogger. 
Kaspar stroked his beard. “Of course not. This hotel currently has the blessing of heaven’s fortune. People with good karma will receive blessings if they stay here for a short time. Those with good luck can even dispel illness and disaster, and maybe even win the lottery.” 
“How mysterious!” Wynter smiled while playing with the purple sugilite pendant. 
Kaspar looked serious. “Young lady, don’t you believe me?!” 
“I believe you.” Wynter approached Kaspar, knowing that the recording was done. “How about I take you upstairs? My young master is up there, and you should know him.”
###chapter412
Chapter 412 The Hotel Goes Viral! 
Kaspar’s eyes lit up. “Hurry! Take me there!” 
This young master must be the disciple he wanted to take on! 
But then….. 
“Why are you here?” 
Inside the hotel suite, Kaspar looked at Dalton’s extraordinarily handsome face and felt extremely helpless. “Why aren’t you staying at the Yarwoods” Manor but in a hotel?” 
Wynter watched with amusement. 
The gossip about the Yarwood family was mostly true. 
The young master of the Yarwood family’s fortune was so auspicious that even the masters of Mt. Dragon 
felt imbalanced. 
Dalton cleared his throat a few times while maintaining his graceful demeanor and gentlemanly manners. 
*Mr. Stavius, long time no see. You still look as hearty as ever.” 
Kaspar turned his gaze away and looked at Wynter. “Is this your young master? Is he the one who 
borrowed fortune from heaven?”
Wynter nodded. 
Kaspar chuckled twice. “Borrow? He doesn’t need to borrow. He is the luckiest man alive.” 
“Mr. Stavius.” Dalton poured a cup of tea and handed it over. “You’re mistaken.” 
As he spoke, he looked at Wynter. Since when did he become her young master? 
But that title wasn’t bad at all. 
Kaspar took the teacup from him and suddenly grasped his wrist to read his pulse. Kaspar furrowed his brow. “Your pulse seems stronger. It seems the Yarwood family has found a miracle doctor.” 
Miracle doctor? 
Dalton seemed to grasp onto a thought and looked at Wynter with a smile in his eyes. “I hadn’t thought 
about it in detail before, but it’s quite possible.” 
Wynter ignored how he was thinking and made a gesture lazily. 
It meant that Dalton could continue to deceive Kaspar while she went to check on Marie. 
Dalton looked at Wynter’s back and couldn’t help but smile. 
This was clearly a sign for him to clean up the mess. 
How should he put it? 
The Hotel Goes Vira! 
Compared to before when she didn’t want to trouble him, he liked the feeling of being needed now.
“Mr. Stavius, why are you here alone?” Dalton naturally diverted Kaspar’s attention. “Did something happen?” 
Another person who asked the same question. 
Kaspar took a sip of tea. “I saw someone breaking the Earthbound Formation in this place. Their technique was too ruthless, and it needed to be corrected. But I must admit, they would be good disciples! It’s just easy for them to go astray.” 
Was he talking about Wynter? 
Logan shifted uncomfortably, shrinking into the corner and not daring to speak. 
Wolf wasn’t here either. 
Who knew Dalton deliberately led Kaspar toward him? 
As expected, when Kaspar saw Logan, he couldn’t help but shake his head. “Dalton, where did you get to know this man? It’s rare to see someone with such a terrible constitution.” 
“Mr. Stavius, you haven’t been to Kingbourne in recent years, so you probably forgot about the Winston. family.” Dalton placed an orange in Kaspar’s hand. “This is the second young master of the Winston family. 
Kaspar loved these sweet and sour oranges. As he peeled one, he said, “It’s not easy for him to have survived until now. Did you help him change his fate?” 
“Me?” Dalton was about to raise his eyebrows, but then he remembered Wynter’s instructions and smiled. “Yes. I helped a bit.” 
Logan was speechless. It was clearly Wynter who helped him!
“The more you help, the narrower your own fate becomes.” After finishing the orange, Kaspar clapped his hands. “I’ll go and find my disciple. You should be careful not to provoke the miracle doctor.” 
Dalton nodded. “Got it.” 
Kaspar didn’t want to leave just yet; he wanted to look around a bit more. 
But the electronic watch on his wrist suddenly rang. 
His disciples were all frantically sending him messages. They said that a video of him at the hotel had gone
###chapter413
Chapter 413 Claiming Wynter Did Not Know and That It Was Staged 
Kaspar had never left the mountain without first thinking twice because it was too easy to expose hist identity, given how advanced the Internet was these days. 
The sudden popularity flabbergasted Quinnell Corporation’s PR department as well. 
The attention was a windfall. 
Without doing anything, Quinnell Corporation had become a trending topic. 
Moreover, their hotel managed to snag the top three spots on the trending topics list. 
One of the tweets was most sensational: “Shocking! I actually won the lottery! The fortune teller’s words. are reliable! Check into the hotel, folks!” 
Previously, the rating of the hotel was as low as 4.3. 
As a result, many people no longer chose to hold business meetings at this venerable five–star hotel. 
Reviews also mentioned the passive–aggressive behavior of the hotel’s staff and that guests would 
always get sick while staying there. 
Someone claimed that they started to have bad luck after staying at that hotel, so they didn’t believe it would bring any kind of fortune. 
They were positive the old fortune teller was an actor the hotel had employed and that he had been 
acting 
The elderly members of the hotel administration who were planning to teach Wynter a lesson suddenly
had an idea when they saw that 
One of them called Shane right away. 
“Mr. Quinnell, considering that Ms. Quinnell recently took over the hotel, I can understand that she wanted to show some results, but her approach was far too outrageous. 
“If it was discovered that she was the one who led the old man to speak, our hotel will be inundated with 
critical reviews instead of positive reviews. 
“This is a publicity stunt, and to put it mildly, if blown out of proportion, it is a scam, Mr. Quinnell!” 
This call agitated Shane even more. 
He couldn’t understand why Wynter was so impatient to take over the hotel when their family matters weren’t even settled yet. 
In his opinion, it was simply a hotel. He would not stop her if she really wanted to manage it. 
Although this had all been decided by Fabian, Shane still held the hotel’s official seal. 
Besides, Shane couldn’t agree with Wynter’s method. The online debate was giving him a headache. 
Chapte 41 Clean Water boi hot hoed Hot Werland 
More and more people were beginning to have doubts about the hotel. 
“It’s clearly staged. I can’t believe people would fall for such a scam.” 
32
“Here’s an inside scoop! The person who spoke with the old man is the recently appointed owner of the 
hotel.” 
“I’ve been saying that the old man doesn’t even look spiritual, yet they claim he’s a fortune teller.” 
“If he’s a fortune teller, I’m a living god. Hahal” 
“Hotels like this should just close down!” 
“Does the new owner think we’re fools?” 
In an instant, the Quinnell family was thrust into the line of fire. 
Shane didn’t want the hotel to fail, of course. After all, he had been running it for years.. 
Naomi, who had just awoken, heard Shane’s frazzled voice outside. She looked up and asked, “What’s wrong, Dad?” 
Shane heaved a long sigh. “The hotel is having some trouble.” 
“Hasn’t the hotel always been doing well? Why is there trouble now?” Naomi was sitting on the bed, her face drained of color. She looked worried about the family. 
The sight of her consoled Shane. “It’s nothing serious. The most important thing for you right now is to take care of your health. I’ll help you with the rest. The matters concerning Ms. Young have nothing to do with you.” 
“Dad, as long as you still believe me, that’s good enough for me.” Naomi looked down, tears streaming down her face. “I’ll explain it to Wynter slowly.”
Shane sighed. “Right now, Wynter…” 
“What is it?” Naomi was puzzled. 
Shane gave her his phone. 
After reading the tweets, she said, “Dad, online public opinion is very important. If this is not handled properly, I’m afraid the hotel’s reputation will suffer greatly. It will be detrimental if it affects Quinnell Corporation’s share price.” 
“I knew you’d be aware of the severity of the situation.” Shane frowned. “Wynter just came back from elsewhere. She doesn’t understand these nuances yet.” 
Chante: 414 An Omen From the Past
###chapter414
Chapter 414 An Omen From the Past 
As usual, Naomi appeared understanding. “Wynter also wants the hotel to get more business. That’s why she has taken such drastic measures. Don’t blame her, Dad,” 
“She had just been brought back, yet the old man let her run the hotel. That was a rash decision on his part.” Shane seemed exasperated as he shook his head repeatedly. 
“Of course, as her father, I won’t hold this against her. However, the hotel has many other shareholders. If this mess persists, I fear something major will happen. Although the Quinnell family made the largest investment, the other shareholders‘ voices should not be ignored.” 
As Shane was speaking, his phone rang. “Just look at this. It’s another call asking me to go back and take 
over the hotel’s operations.” 
Naomi remarked, “Dad, other matters are easy to deal with, but public discourse is time–sensitive. If no statements are made, things will fester, making the situation more difficult to resolve later on.” 
Shane was well aware of that. “I’m worried that Wynter will be defiant if she is asked to bear responsibility. 
“Then you can apologize on her behalf,” Naomi said promptly. “This way, you can protect her, and the company’s integrity will be shown. All netizens want is the truth. As long as you are sincere, the other family members will simply view it as Wynter being hasty. Nothing major will come out of it.” 
Shane furrowed his brow at her words. “But that means admitting that Wynter hired the fortune teller.“.
“I’m sorry, Dad. I didn’t think of that.” Naomi was lying on the bed. Her breathing still seemed somewhat, weak. “I wish I wasn’t sick. I’d be able to speak up for you then.” 
“You’re still a child. It’s normal for you to overlook that. Besides, your sister brought this upon her-” Shane paused at that point. He realized that his tone had turned bitter. 
Naomi appeared innocent and confused. 
Shane helped her in adjusting her IV drip. “Your sister has much to learn. If I don’t correct her this time, she’ll have a tougher time down the road. 
“You’re right. The best course of action right now is for me to apologize on her behalf. I hope she can rein in her selfishness after this and not make such mistakes again.” 
The last few days had not been pleasant for Shane. 
Though he agreed that the Quinnell family had certainly failed Wynter all these years, he still thought 
Fabian shouldn’t be so willful. 
Fabian had given Wynter the Quinnell family’s hotel so quickly after she returned. 
What was next, giving her the entire company? 
It was ridiculous to Shane. 
Chapte 414 An Ohich From the Past 
Shane calmed his breathing. Since his daughter’s return, there have been a number of incidents. 
Somehow, he had been labeled as a bad father who did not care about his daughter.
His wife had also 
grown distant from him. 
9212 
And now, the company was having an issue. 
All of this prompted him to recall an omen from 19 years ago. 
Back then, he saw a murder of crows flying. The signs of a blight were evident. 
Vincent had stated that Wynter was with the Yates family in Southdale before Fabian found her. 
The Yates family wasn’t doing as well as they had before. Fortunately, their daughter was a doctor and had made a name for herself in Kingbourne. If not, the family would have been ruined. 
Shane had always been a believer in fortune–telling and divination. 
He did not believe that all that had happened was a coincidence. 
Even now, the thought of that omen terrified him. 
Shane called the previous number. “Tell the PR department to get ready. I’ll apologize to the public on Wynter’s behalf.” 
“Alright.” The manager’s eyes lit up on the other end of the call. “Mr. Quinnell, please come back quickly after this. Such a major incident occurred. It’s difficult for us to communicate with Mr. Quinnell Senior.” 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>>
###chapter415
Chapter 415 Kingbourne Socialites Are Eager to Mock 
“We’ll see about that once everything has been taken care of. Hurry up and get the public statement ready. 
Shane hung up when he was done speaking. 
In the ward, Naomi looked out the window into the hallway, her eyes betraying a sinister gleam. 
When she saw a nurse coming in, she lay down and took out her phone. 
Without Mason and Logan, the group was not as lively as before. With that being said, news of the hotel trending was still forwarded to the group chat. 
Somebody tagged Naomi. 
“Naomi, this is your family’s hotel, right?” 
“Why are they using this method of marketing? If I had never stayed at your family’s hotel, I would have 
believed it.” 
“Who is the new person in charge? Tell Mr. Quinnell to fire them quickly. This is quite embarrassing.” 
Naomi could no longer hold back her smile, but the words she typed were conniving. 
“Guys, don’t say that. My sister just came back and still doesn’t understand the market. It’s understandable that she would make some minor mistakes sometimes.” 
More people became active in the group.
“Sister? The one that the Quinnell family recently brought back? Isn’t she from a rural area? She’s managing a chain hotel after just returning?” 
Naomi replied: “Grandpa feels sorry for her. It’s to compensate for the Quinnell family’s absence in her life all these years.” 
“She’ll ruin the hotel. Her strategy is way too dumb.” 
“Shh. Don’t say that here. If somebody takes a screenshot of that and the Quinnell family sees it, you’ll end up in trouble.” 
“Everyone in the group understands that not being able to fit in is a personal problem. They shouldn’t use their family background to intimidate us.” 
“That’s right. I meet enough people from the lowest rungs every day. The thought of having to attend the party with that bumpkin grossed me out.” 
“Whoever betrays the group knows what they will get.” 
“You should all dial it back as well. Don’t put Naomi in a difficult position.” 
Pretentiously, Naomi replied: “I think I should just leave the group. She is, after all, 
my sister.” 
ingbourje socialnes Are Lauer lo 
“Don’t, Naomi. You are your own person, and the bumpkin is her own.” 
“That’s right. At worst, we can just stop bringing her up as much from now on. After this, she’ll probably realize how stupid she is. At that point, I doubt she will force us to hang out with her.”
“Good for you. Our family is close to the Quinnells. My grandfather told me that I would have to hang out with her at the party, even if I had to pretend to enjoy it.” 
“If I were her, I’d be ashamed to show up after causing so much trouble for the Quinnell family.” 
The conversation went on. 
Someone asked: “What’s with Mr. Logan today? He hasn’t said anything.” 
“Mason hasn’t shown up either. How odd.” 
Someone else who heard some rumors entered a private chat with the person who brought Mason up. 
Stop asking about that. Do you not know that something has happened to the Scotts? Just stop talking.” 
No one dared to say anything about what had happened to Mason. 
However, they treated Wynter’s situation like a joke. 
Shane’s attitude had a direct bearing on it. 
After all, Naomi’s presence indicated how things were developing within the Quinnell family. 
Wynter, who had just been brought back, was in quite an awkward position in the family. 
Aside from Fabian, no one dared to take her side. It was important to keep in mind that Marie was unable 
to leave Naomi.
Furthermore, regardless of how successful the sick woman had been in the past, all she could do now was take her husband’s last name. 
The only person people were afraid of was the Quinnell family’s youngest son. They did their best to avoid 
him. 
Some of the girls had a smaller group chat themselves. Someone asked there: “Naomi, I heard that Tobias came back recently. Is that true? You need to be careful. I’m sure he will help that bumpkin.” 
“Tobias is actually back! My friend is crazy about him! Naomi, when you meet him, make sure to get his autograph for me!” 
“Are you dumb? Asking Naomi for his autograph? Have you forgotten how Tobias treated her last time? He’s not a gentleman! All he has is an attractive face! It’s ridiculous to me how someone like him is a celebrity. His fans lack taste.”
###chapter416
Chapter 416 They Had No Idea They Were the Joke 
“It’s not quite right to say that. Tobias gives amazing performances. Posting a photo or video of yourself with him now will quickly make you go viral.” 
“Well, the Quinnell family is also going viral right now. He’s only acknowledged his biological sister and has been making Naomi look bad, hasn’t he? Mark my words. Sooner or later, he’ll be dragged down by 
that bumpkin.” 
When Naomi read that, she gave a timely response. “Wendy, it’s normal for Tobias not to acknowledge 
1. me. I’m just a sponsee of the Quinnell family.” 
“Don’t give me that. Mrs. Quinnell lost her mind back then. Nobody knows what the Quinnells would be like today if you hadn’t been there. Now that the bumpkin is here, they want to disown you, and they’ve 
even made the hotel’s rating plummet during the mess.” 
“Wendy, Dad has always treated me well. He’s trying to fix this right now. Let’s stop talking about my 
sister.” 
Wendy Winston was Logan’s cousin and had been close to Naomi since childhood. They even attended the same college but were in different departments. She was well–known on campus. Though she appeared to be wealthy and outgoing, she had always alienated others, even over trivial matters. 
Essentially, their social circle was headed by the younger members of the Quinnell, Winston, Scott, and Fenton families. Scions from other affluent families were also in it.
Wendy had always been a spoiled young lady. She was fearless. 
Almost everything she and Naomi said dictated the course of events in the circle. 
The six brothers of the Quinnell family did not hang out with them. As a result, Naomi, the adopted daughter, became the representative of the Quinnells‘ younger generation. 
The Yarwood family was not like the other four families. Their wealth and prestige far surpassed the others. So, they were unconcerned about social circles and did not join the group. 
In the hotel, Logan was holding his phone, infuriated. 
“Wynter, have these people lost their mind or something?” 
Wynter had just helped her mother calm down. Logan’s words were the first thing she heard when she 
came out. 
“Who are they?” She was parched. She looked at Dalton, then at the cup of tea in his hands. 
Dalton gave her an attractive’smile before moving the cup to her lips. 
Logan froze in the middle of opening the group chat. 
He was stunned by how professional Dalton seemed to be waiting on Wynter. 
Chapter 416 They Had No Idea They Were the Joke 
The group chat would go mad if they saw this. 
It appeared to him that Wynter had treated Dalton as her gigolo. As soon as she sat down and nodded, Dalton voluntarily peeled a fruit for her.
Most importantly, with Dalton’s noble and aloof bearing, he didn’t appear like the typical gigolo. 
He appeared more like a demon from a fairy tale that she had tamed, cunning yet gentle. 
Dumbstruck, Logan briefly forgot to speak. 
“Well? Who are they?” With her energy restored, Wynter asked again. 
Logan handed her his phone and raised his right hand in an oath. “All I said was that you were brought back from the mountains at the start. I didn’t say anything else after that. Austin was quite involved. You 
can stop trying to save him, Wynter.” 
Wynter looked at the group chat before bringing up the members list, swiping up and down a few times, 
and handing Dalton the phone. 
“Take a look to see if there is anyone from your family. I don’t want to harm any allies by accident when I go all out.” 
Dalton’s mirthful eyes turned cold after he read what the group had been discussing. “Kingbourne 
socialites?” 
When he said that, he was looking at Logan. 
Logan’s back stiffened. At that moment, he could see the coldness in Dalton’s expression. 
“I… I honestly never said anything about Wynter.” 
Only then did Logan realize that everyone in the group was probably doomed.
Putting aside how impressive Wynter was, even Dalton could make them suffer greatly. 
Wynter raised her brow and poked Dalton’s face. “Look for your family members.” 
“There’s none. The Yarwood family is no match for those at this level.” Even though Dalton was grinning, he never took his eyes off Logan. The pressure was bearing down on Logan.
###chapter417
Chapter 417 Making People Eat Their Words 
Logan understood what he meant. He would have to make preparations for his impending doom. 
Wynter, on the other hand, looked over the chat history calmly, with no intention of betraying Logan. “You still hang out with them. It’s not good for you to defend me. You can put your phone away.” 
With that, she tossed his phone back to him. 
Nonetheless, Logan wanted to defect to her. “I was naive back then. I thought having a group like this was cool. I now realize that gossiping about and ostracizing others is wrong. I am not siding with you because I want you to become powerful. I just understood things a lot better after today.” 
He had lost his mother at a young age, and he had always enjoyed being around and having fun with 
others. 
Thus, he had many friends. Even if he didn’t enjoy something, if his friends did, he would still join them. 
Regardless, if they truly were his friends, they would not have dragged him back or forced him to take the 
blame. 
They showed no regard for the lives of others simply because they were wealthier. He could not accept 
that. 
“If you need me, let me know. At worst, I’ll just have to cut ties with them,” Logan said. 
Wynter shook her head. She could easily invade a group if she wanted to. It didn’t have to be so
complicated. 
Moreover… 
“The fortune–teller is real,” Wynter said nonchalantly. “I’m looking forward to seeing how Shane will fix this 
mess I made.” 
There was no doubt that Fabian would hear about the incident at the hotel. 
Some unruly shareholders had started to surface as well. 
Before Wynter’s return, Fabian did not want to be so harsh on them. 
Now that Wynter was back, those elderly still wanted to play dirty. 
Fabian was the first person to . “Alexis, tell them that, as chairman, I have the deciding vote. The hotel can only belong to Wynter. have faith in her character as well. The Quinnells never do things just 
for show.” 
“Yes, Mr. Quinnell.” Alexis nodded and acted quickly. 
However, that did not deter some people from taking foolish actions. 
The public statement that the PR department had written at Shane’s request was done. Shane added a few finishing touches to it after that. 
Knowing that he did not have authorized access to Quinnell Corporation’s account, he posted an apology using the subsidiary company’s account:
sincerely apologize for occupying public resources. I am the Q Hotel’s former administrator, and I’ve seen the discussions online. Regarding today’s incident, I would like to apologize on behalf of our new administrator. She’s still young. In an effort to draw in traffic, she employed some unconventional marketing strategies. For that, I deeply apologize. I hope that you can give Q Hotel another chance.” 
As soon as that statement was released, their place on the list of trending topics rose, 
“What does it mean? Is the hotel’s previous owner admitting that it was staged?” 
“I told you. No way staying at a hotel will make you win the lottery. It’s absurd.” 
“This former administrator is quite nice. They’re sincere as well. Why did they get replaced?” 
“Where’s the new administrator? It’s not right for them to lie to customers like that.” 
Many were digging for Q Hotel’s information. 
Naturally, Wynter saw the statement as well. 
Fabian was so furious that he couldn’t stay upright even with the support of his cane. “This is not what a father should do! He’s pushing Wynter into the lion’s den!” 
Shane had admitted that it was staged by his daughter. Anyone with half a brain would not do such a 
thing. 
Alexis also thought that Shane was hopeless. He was not a Quinnell family member, so his thoughts were more conspiratorial. 
Wynter did not run the hotel well. That meant she was incapable of taking over the company.
That would be good for Shane. After all, he needed the shareholders‘ support. 
Regardless, he could not bear to tell Fabian that. He did not want to make Fabian sad. 
Fabian was sober and calm. He exhaled a long breath. “Get in touch with the press. Since Shane did that, he can’t blame me for disowning him.” 
However, at that moment, the situation online shifted. 
Mt. Dragon had made a post to vouch for the authenticity of the video. 
“The fortune–teller in the video is Mr. Kaspar Stavius, the head of Mt. Dragon. We appreciate your generous support for him. He stated that the hotel would improve your luck. That means it will improve your luck. There is no deception/” 
proved the Awful Father.
###chapter418
Chapter 418 Disproved the Awful Father 
That post caused another stir. 
The netizens were all in a dither. 
“What does it mean? The head of Mt. Dragon? A real fortune teller?” 
“Let me enlighten you. Mr. Stavius is the last custodial of Mt. Dragon. He’s proficient in the Five Elements.” 
“Damn! I’ve heard of him. He’s on Wikipedia. He’s a national–level astronomy and geography expert!” 
“Let me enlighten you again. He does not tell fortunes lightly nor does he accept employment from any family. He left the mountain recently to attend the Arcane Way Convention.” 
“That means you can actually win the lottery by staying at Q Hotel!” 
No one had expected such a twist. 
To defend their head, Mt. Dragon had personally refuted the rumors. It meant that there were no 
deceptions. 
In an instant, the hashtag of Quinnell Corporation’s subsidiary company trended again. 
“I was curious why Mr. Quinnell was apologizing on the new administrator’s behalf when she didn’t say 
anything.” 
“Can’t you tell? It’s an internal power struggle. He wants to force the new administrator aside.”
“I’m a guest of Q Hotel. I told them I had won a prize, but the hotel called me a troll. Give me a break! T was praising their hotel, yet they called me a troll and asked me to delete my post. I can’t even give them a positive rating?” 
“You don’t get it, do you? They’re pressuring the new administrator to give back control.” 
“Respect the consumers? I hesitated, and now all the rooms are booked. Mr. Quinnell, come out and give us an explanation!” 
The PR department never imagined that this was how the incident would progress. 
When Shane found out, he was asking Naomi, who was in the hospital bed, what she would like to eat. 
With a clang, the cup in his hand toppled over. His expression shifted as he exclaimed, “What did you say? Public opinion has completely changed?” 
The PR department manager, standing in front of Shane, was wiping off cold sweat. “The person in the 
video is a real fortune teller.” 
“So what if he is a real fortune teller? If I wanted someone to praise the hotel, I’d also hire a real one. The point is that it’s a marketing ploy and a lie.” Shane folded his arms. “I already posted the apology. You’re on your own now. As my PR department managerl shouldn’t have to teach you how to retaliate.” 
The manager was trembling. “Mr. Quinnell, listen to me. We can’t fight back against this fortune teller.” 
“There is no fortune teller beyond the Quinnall family’s reach Shane furrowed has brow. “Mr. Novak han connections in that regard. Ask him to use his connections and offer the fortune teller some money” 
Seeing that he couldn’t get through to him, the manager decided to be direct. “The person who said the hotel can improve one’s luck is Mt. Dragon’s Mr. Stavius! You know him. Back then, you asked him to
tell you your fortune, and he refused. Mr. Novak probably wouldn’t dare to offer him money either 
Stavius?‘ Shane’s eyes widened. He never imagined the situation would be this difficult to deal with Why was he involved? Why is he here?” 
Shane could no longer stay calm. He rambled on, “He never left the mountain. Perhaps Dad set this up to mess with me? No, that’s not possible. If Dad could invite Mr. Stavius so easily, he wouldn’t have waited so long to bring Wynter back. 
“Mr. Stavius has never been concerned with worldly matters, and he doesn’t tell fortunes lightly. There’s no way he would go to a hotel!” 
Shane grew more agitated as he spoke. He grabbed the manager’s collar and scolded, “Without investigating the person in that video, you made me apologize! Have you lost your mind?” 
The PR department manager was regretful as well. However, he had to make one thing clear. “Mr. Quinnell, we never asked you to apologize. You told us to write a…” 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>>
###chapter419
Chapter 419 A Rift Appeared Between Wendy and Shane 
“That’s enough!” Shane had completely lost his temper. “Do you want to get fired? Go figure it out right now! Do as much damage control as you can! 
It was impossible to control the damage that was caused. 
The statement was out in the open. 
Even if the PR department wanted to delete it, it had been screenshotted and shared everywhere online. 
Fabian also meant it when he said he was disowning Shane. 
Alexis didn’t want to upset him, so he kept some things vague. That did not mean Fabian did not 
understand. 
He was not so senile that he would turn her daughter over to the public to reclaim management of a hotel. 
Fabian was genuinely disappointed. 
Alexis knew it was painful for him. “Mr. Quinnell, the PR department is asking if the company can take 
action and request assistance from mainstream media.” 
“We’re not helping. Shane caused this mess, so he should deal with it himself. If he had Wynter in mind 
and wasn’t so heartless, things wouldn’t have turned out this way.”
Fabian stood up, supporting himself with his cane. After letting out a few heavy coughs, he walked to the windows, watching the street traffic. “I’ve never made a mistake in my entire life. Having a son like him is 
my trial. Wynter finally came back. If I still help that stupid son of mine indiscriminately, I’ll hurt those who 
are close to me while my enemies rejoice.” 
Fabian was thinking way ahead. “Wynter is a popular live streamer. She was protecting my dignity. That’s why she didn’t use the main account. If she had used the Empathy Clinic’s account to speak, my dumb 
son would’ve been doomed. 
“I can’t pretend to be unaware of the situation just because Wynter is sensible. Even if Wynter hadn’t 
come back, I wouldn’t be at ease handing over the company to my stupid son either. The Quinnells can’t 
lose our integrity over money and power. 
“Quinnell Corporation is business–oriented. Business can make a person rich. However, wealth is not just 
for us. We can only help others if we are capable of doing so. 
“There is a century of history behind Quinnell Corporation. It can’t be ruined by fame and fortune. Go and make my position clear,” Fabian reiterated. 
Respectfully, Alexis replied, “Yes.”
The twist was abrupt and forceful. 
It was as Fabian had said, the Quinnell family would stand as long as their integrity was intact. 
Shane’s side was in total chaos. No one picked up his calls. The shareholders who had instigated him 
Chapter 419 A filt Appeared between Wendy and Share 
seemed to have vanished. 
The ridicule was overwhelming. The public’s power should never be underestimated, particularly when it concerns the matter of getting rich. 
The mere existence of such a hotel was pleasant enough. Even if they could not reserve a room, they 
could pay a visit. 
Nonetheless, someone had to say that it was fake before having to eat their words later. 
As expected, Shane was dragged into it as well. 
His peers were also analyzing the incident. Their comment was concise. “I’ve never seen someone so dumb. He rejected such profitable attention to force the new administrator aside. I would use this for publicity every day if it were our hotel.” 
“He’s not dumb. He’s jealous. He’s incapable, so he causes trouble.” 
“This Quinnell Corporation’s executive president isn’t any good. They should just fire him.” 
Shane had never been subjected to this kind of treatment before. He grew more sullen the longer he read, grew more sullen the longer he read,
looking extremely upset. 
“Dad, what’s wrong? Is the company-” 
Shane’s anger flared before Naomi could finish her sentence. “Naomi, don’t ask about the company from now on! Look at how the stupid idea you gave me turned out!” 
He hurled his phone over, muttering under his breath. Noami jerked her shoulders up, startled by his behavior. 
I ?
###chapter420
Chapter 420 The Group Members Eating Their Words 
I shouldn’t have listened to you!” 
With that, Shane left the hospital. 
Naomi reached for her phone immediately. As soon as she opened the webpage, she was hit with the news of the complete shift in public opinion. 
Even the group was talking about it. Her phone screen was full of people who had tagged her. 
“Naomi, that fortune teller is Mr. Stavius. Why didn’t you mention that earlier?” 
“It is very difficult to invite Mr. Stavius. My grandfather made numerous trips to Mt. Dragon, but he never got to meet him. Even my grandfather needs to show him deference and respect.” 
“I never thought Mr. Stavius would be at your family’s hotel. If I had known, I would have stayed there too.” 
“Naomi, my father wants to know if you can contact Mr. Stavius for him. The cost is not a concern.” 
In an instant, the comments in the group had completely changed. 
Logan was not in a position to speak freely. 
Austin couldn’t hold himself back. “You’re all rather strange. If you want to meet Mr. Stavius, you shouldn’t ask Naomi, You were all saying that Wynter hired an actor, that her approach was dumb, and that she had no idea how to run a hotel. Now all of you have to eat your words, yet you still don’t get it.” 
“Who are you talking about?” Wendy was the first to shoot back.
Austin didn’t go easy on her either. “I’m talking about whoever is upset. The person talking to Mr. Stavius in the video was Wynter, not Naomi. Do you believe Naomi can contact him even if you ask her to? 
Hilarious.” 
The group was silent for a moment. 
Everyone had to admit that Austin was right. 
That included Wendy, who had always prided herself on being carefree. All she could do was bite her tongue while looking at her phone. 
Naomi, on the other hand, tightened her grip on her phone, her eyes brimming with unbridled hatred. 
She’d never felt so humiliated in the group as she did that day. 
The people in that group had always treated her like a princess, eating up everything she said. 
She blamed Wynter for Austin speaking up and proving her wrong. 
Naomi took a deep breath. The words she typed remained soft and gentle. “It is true that I never imagined she would be able to get Grandpa to help her invite Mr. Stavius. 
I’m at the hospital and didn’t pay close enough attention to the video, which led to the misunderstanding 
Chapter 420 The Group Members Eating Their Words 
this time.
“I’ve just received information that Mr. Stavius is here to attend the Arcane Way Convention. When that’s over, he will peruse the antiques in the exhibition. I know about antiques. I can try to inquire about his schedule through Mr. Novak’s connections for everyone.” 
As soon as Wendy read that, she immediately asked: “Is it that prestigious antiques exhibit? The one with 
the auction?” 
“It is.” Naomi chuckled. “I still have three empty spots. I can give them to you guys then.” 
Wendy was delighted. “Naomi, you’re resourceful. A certain someone is only reaping the benefits of being associated with Mr. Quinnell Senior. Who knows what she would be without him.” 
Seeing this, Austin shared a screenshot from a netizen. “Open your eyes. Mr. Stavius entered Q Hotel by mistake. At first, the manager even wanted to drive him away, but Wynter allowed him to stay and asked him a few questions that she had come up with on the spot. That’s how she got him to tell her that the hotel can boost fortune. Invited by Mr. Quinnell Senior? That there is a lie.” 
What Austin had said was right from the start. It was Wynter herself who had invited Mr. Stavius. 
Naomi’s face froze. She was unable to say anything else. 
Wendy was infuriated. “Austin, what’s wrong with you today? You are going against us on purpose!” 
Austin was blithe. “I just can’t stand how you all isolate others. Remember this, Wynter is their biological family. Have you ever seen the six Quinnell brothers join the group? You’re just helping someone else speak for the family and alienating people in the process. You’re not using your brains. I won’t be a part of
this.”
###chapter421
Chapter 421 The Scott Family Cannot Mess with My Wife
After saying that, Austin quit the group.
What Austin did put Wendy on the spot.
Naomi's pretentious words had been exposed as well. The group was a Austin’s unusual behavior that day also reminded Naomi to stop being t￠ She had to maintain her relationships through special means, no matter After quitting the group, Austin felt invigorated.
He gave Logan a video call right away. “Where's Wynter? Damn, she’s ama “You didn't tell Mr. Fenton Senior that Wynter helped us remove the rese At that moment, Dalton thoughtfully brought over a cup of hot tea. “Why Smack!
Austin’s phone had fallen and hit his face square on.
He was so scared he was stammering, “L—
Logan, that person beside you is..."
“It's me.” Dalton took Logan's phone from his hand nonchalantly, “It’s be Fenton.”
Austin waved his hand around frantically. “D—
Don't call me Mr. Fenton! I mean Dalton, why are you there? I..."
“My wife is nice and doesn't like to hold grudges over trivial matters.” Dz In Austin’s opinion, Dalton was more than just vengeful. Austin had told “Dalton, I spoke up for Wynter just now.” Austin was truly sweet and nai you said you were not all that interested in this marriage, didn’t you?" Dalton’s tone was light. “I was blind.”
Austin and Logan were both taken aback. They weren't expecting him tc “So, which of you is adding me to the group?” Dalton asked casually. Both Austin and Logan were stunned. The latter scratched the back of h “Mhm. It will diminish our reputation somewhat to join again.” Austin thot the group earlier were very cool.
Tapping at the phone screen, Dalton said, “I don't have to join. Give me asks you again, tell them to come to me.”
With that, he returned the phone to Logan.
“Wynter wants you to have a good rest after finishing the hot tea.” Dalton stood upright and looked back at the video call. “Austin, tell Mr. F Austin froze.
Regardless of whether he understood the complex relationships betwee The Yarwood family never made alliances with anyone because they ne on anyone.
If the Yarwood family took action, the Scott family would be annihilated. In truth, as of right now, the Scott family was not doing well either.
They had missed the timing, so the spell to transfer the resentment coul If it hadn't been for the artifact Darrell had brought with him, Mason wou life.
However, from the Scott family’s perspective, Mason, who had lost his wits due to fear, was already incapacitated.
Peter could not tell outsiders why his grandson had ended up in such a state either.
Seeing that Mason was drooling from the corner of his mouth, Mason’s butler, Jamar, had to ask, “Is there really no way for him to recover?”
###chapter422
Chapter 422 Found the Person Who Had Gulded Logan 
Upon hearing that, with a sullen face, Mr. Scott Sentor looked at Darrell, who was still meditating. 
Darrell was badly hurt. However, needless to say, it was worse for Mason. It was fortunate enough that he was alive. It was too high an expectation to expect him to return to normal. 
Peter was not satisfied with that. “Mr. Novak, what about my grandson?” 
“Mr. Scott Senior.” Darrell began to cough violently, his body swaying, “You saw the vengeful spirit this time. It was aggressive and didn’t want to leave anyone alive. Mr. Logan didn’t come either. I’m afraid this resentment cannot be appeased.” 
Peter narrowed his eyes. “Mr. Novak, the Scott family has been generous to you over the years. Surely you can quell this resentment? Just tell me how my grandson can get back to 
normal?” 
Darrell shook his head. 
Peter’s anger flared. “Mr. Novak, the Scott family has always respected you, yet this is all you can manage?” 
“Mr. Scott Senior, that resentful infant had absorbed several generations of resentment. This time, it finally managed to be reborn, but Mr. Scott stopped its path. That thing wants a 
life for a life. 
“It will stick to the perpetrator. I directed the resentment away from Mr. Scott in the beginning, but someone told the resentful infant that the person who had hurt it was Mr. Scott. They messed up our
plans.” 
Darrell clenched his chest, his breathing weak. “We must first find that person.” 
Peter was not foolish. “Find her? Why? You should understand what’s the most important thing right now. Given the state of my grandson, I’m not interested in being a part of the fight between you and your peers.” 
“Mr. Scott Senior, that person is not targeting me. They’re targeting the Scott family.” Darrell looked down. “I’ve never made enemies. A person who can command a vengeful spirit must be proficient in divination as well. Souls can wander for seven days. Mr. Scott will 
only be saved if whoever is behind this is found and the resentful infant returns Mr. Scott’s 
soul.” 
Peter’s face darkened. “I will find that person. Please do what you should as well, Mr. Novak. 
“Don’t worry, Mr. Scott Sentor. I’ll do my best for Mr. Scott and keep the secret.” Coughing, Darrel was helped outside by the disciple who had come with him. After taking just a few steps, he started bleeding from the corners of his mouth. 
If not for the artifact the elder had given him, he would’ve probably died at the Scott residence. 
The resentful infant boosted by chaotic energy was terrifyingly powerful. 
Even more concerning to him was the identity of the person who guided the resentful infant. 
Darrell had a lot of thoughts, especially since the resentful infant had escaped from him while injured. He had no idea how to explain that to the elder. 
Everything was off that day.
It was perplexing how a resentful infant managed to get mercy from above. 
It had been saved by that lucky break in the end. 
It would have been bad if their main plan was affected by someone who had appeared at Kingbourne. 
He must report what happened to the elder. 
His disciple still did not get what was going on. Noticing Mason’s state, he asked, worried, ” Mr. Novak, we didn’t deal with the Scott family’s matters properly this time. The Scotts won’t target us, right?” 
“No. Mr. Scott Senior cares about his reputation. Mr. Scott had committed a crime. They wouldn’t dare to spread this.” 
Only then did Darrell show his true colors. “The people the Scott family wants to fight are not us, but the person who has disrupted the spell used to transfer the resentment.” 
Indeed, regardless of how frantically he had left, the Scott family didn’t stop him. 
Still, Jamar said, “Mr. Scott Senior, I keep having the feeling that Mr. Novak has a different agenda.” 
“Everyone has agendas. As long as his agenda is aligned with us, it is not a problem.” Peter tightened his grip around his cane. “Go and look into Ronan Rathbone’s niece right now and bring her to me.” 
“Yes.”
###chapter423
Chapter 423 Wynter Changed the Hotel’s Layout 
Ronan had been feeling anxious the entire night. 
Despite making a dozen trips up and down the stairwell, he still couldn’t find the suite Wynter had mentioned. Inexplicably, it appeared as if a room had vanished. 
The manager of the housekeeping department rushed around with them as well, yet they still couldn’t locate the right room. 
It was so until word spread online that staying at the hotel would result in lottery wins. 
Only then did he manage to deliver the Evercrest Gem Wynter wanted. 
Ronan was so worried that he hadn’t slept. The first thing he did when he saw Wynter was to pull her to the side. “The hotel is certainly somewhat eerie.” 
At once, he told her everything he had experienced. 
Wynter had exerted herself and was exhausted. In between yawns, she said, 
before. Now it’s alright. It has been dealt with.” 
It was post 
“You knew?” Ronan could understand what Wynter was implying. He deliberately avoided others at the hotel. “Were you the person Mr. Stavius mentioned in the video who broke some kind of formation?” 
Wynter nodded and said, “Not entirely. Someone else was also responsible for it.” 
With the presence of nature’s favorite, borrowing their fortune had gone exceptionally
smoothly. 
The old man had previously told Wynter that borrowing the world’s fortune
###chapter424
Chapter 424 Wynter Cleans the Hotel 
Wynter had read through many of the hotel guest reviews. 
It wasn’t like there hadn’t been any problems before. Nevertheless, the hotel’s customer service department had significant issues. They disregarded their customers‘ feedback, which accumulated over time until now. 
The resentment in the underground basement was already intense. It may spread upstairs within a month. 
At that point, guests‘ emotions would undoubtedly be affected, leading to extreme incidents like people jumping off buildings to commit suicide. 
paper. “Ask 
“Find some seasoned workers and pay them well.” Wynter kicked the white paper. them to tear down that wall.” 
The manager nodded quickly at Wynter’s instructions. 
Wynter tossed the Evercrest Gem over and set down the candle jar. “Don’t move the Evercrest Gem before the wall is torn down.” 
“Yes, I’ll get right to it.” The manager had become one of Wynter’s people. 
Following the public discourse incident, some who previously did not accept Wynter had changed their opinions on her.
They decided that they couldn’t rely on Shane. He couldn’t even handle the most basic of public relations issues. 
At that point, he had yet to explain why he had apologized so readily. 
On the other hand, Wynter had been the driving force behind the hotel’s economic growth. She was always the first to step up to the plate in every situation. Unlike him, who had vanished. It was clear who was truly competent. 
Shane never imagined his public reputation would suffer such a blow. 
He could put up with what people said about him online. However, some of his subordinates had clearly expressed to him their desire to stay at the hotel. 
Shane was furious. The only idea he could think of was to contact Darrell. 
“Only Mr. Novak can change my fate now. Mr. Novak will surely have an idea! He can help me like he did before,” Shane muttered to himself as if he was possessed. 
Meanwhile, in the hotel, Wynter fired a group of people after dealing with the hotel’s layout. 
Those people refused to accept it. 
They argued, “We’ve been here since Q Hotel opened, but you want to fire us now. Aren’t you concerned that the employees will become bitter and disappointed?” 
Fiddling with the purple sugilite pendant, Wynter lifted her gaze. Her presence was commanding. 
She swiftly raised her hand and projected the accounts she had found onto the hotel’s large 
screen.
“The person who led others to doubt the hotel’s good fortune was in marketing. 
“This is the person who claimed the guest who won the lottery was a troll. 
“And… this is one who said I was acting.” 
Wynter gave the shocked old employees a nonchalant look. They all held managerial positions. “Your account IDs can be linked to your phones and offices. You’re getting paid by the hotel, yet you bite the hand that feeds you. I’m going to sue you for defaming the hotel’s reputation. You can check your mailboxes for the lawyer’s letter once you get home.” 
“Ms. Quinnell!” One of them snapped out of their trance and immediately cried. “I’ve made a mistake. I was talking nonsense. I still have to care for my 70–year–old mother. I can’t be sued. I won’t be able to find work. Please spare me!” 
Wynter was unfazed. “I said I’d give everyone time to set things straight. Some abandoned their professional integrity for profit. Grandpa told me to be kind to the elderly working at Quinnell Corporation. He also told me to be alert and not be too merciful. 
“Mr. Schmidt, your chat record of you hiring online trolls still exists. Saying that you were talking nonsense won’t be enough to justify that.” 
With that, Wynter waved her hand, and the managers were led outside. 
They still hadn’t figured out that the reason she had put off dealing with the online discourse for so long was to see how many employees of the hotel and even Quinnell Corporation would show up and cause trouble.
###chapter425
Chapter 425 There Must Be a Story to It 
It was so she could deal with them all at once. 
With the existence of such records, it would be impossible for others to pressure her by saying that she would disappoint older employees. 
Some veterans in the workplace looked down on Wynter’s background and wanted to manipulate her. 
They were simple–minded, believing that a person brought back from a rural area would be incapable. 
They never thought they’d be fired by a young lady. When they were dragged outside, it was too late for them to do anything. 
Once again, Benson witnessed Wynter’s ruthlessness. It sent chills down his spine. 
Unfortunately, Wynter told him to stand by and watch during the meeting. It was more agonizing to watch than having her fire him. 
“Mr. Reilly.” 
After the meeting ended, Wynter suddenly called him. 
“Stay for a while.” 
Benson was terrified. 
Wynter didn’t dance around the issue and tossed him a photo of the parking lot. “Take a look. Does this look familiar?”
Benson studied it intently before a look of horror came over his face. “Ms. Quinnell, please believe me! I have nothing to do with this. I didn’t know!” 
“You didn’t know?” With one of her hands resting on the table, Wynter appeared beautiful and indifferent. “You’ve always been in charge of guest relations. Guests have repeatedly stated that during their stays on the second floor of the west wing, they would hear strange noises at night and constantly feel uneasy about that place. 
“Why are comments like these deleted by the guest relations department?” she questioned. 
Benson broke out in a cold sweat. “I–I…” 
“Mr. Reilly, I don’t have much patience.” Fiddling with her pen, Wynter leaned forward. “Do you want to serve time as well?” 
Benson was close to tears. “Our hotel has a tradition of removing negative reviews. The last manager did it as well. He said that if such information spreads, it will affect the occupancy rate. I was simply following the tradition.” 
“The last manager? Who is he?” Wynter cut straight to the point. 
Benson shook his head. “He left. I’m not sure where he’s gone exactly.” 
As Benson spoke, he observed Wynter’s eyes, afraid of offending her. “Right! My aunt might know him! Why don’t you ask Aunt Fiona, Ms. Quinnell?” 
Wynter raised her brow, her eyes glinting with a newfound interest. 
“Speaking of your aunt, what relationship does she have with Naomi?”
Benson was confused by that question. “Aunt Fiona has always been the Quinnell family’s housekeeper. After Ms. Naomi came, she was assigned to Ms. Naomi. They have an employer - employee relationship.” 
“Your aunt was with the Quinnell family before Naomi was taken in?” Wynter’s eyes 
darkened. 
Benson nodded. “Yeah. Others might not know about this if you ask them, Ms. Quinnell, but I do. Aunt Fiona even attended to your mother at first. Later, for some reason, she 
transferred her away. It might have been because she fed Mrs. Quinnell fish stew when she was pregnant, and Mrs. Quinnell didn’t like that.” 
With Wynter’s understanding of her mother, Marie would not transfer a housekeeper away 
over fish stew. 
There must be a story to it. 
However, her mother had just gotten her soul back and wasn’t stable yet. It wasn’t good for her to think about the past. 
Fiona had stayed with the Quinnell family for too long. Long enough that Wynter should keep an eye on her. 
Fiona had been so protective of Naomi. Wynter wondered if it was simply because Naomi’s adoption would boost her status. 
As Wynter was lost in her thoughts, her phone’s special ringtone sounded.
“Quinnell the Rich, order incoming! Quinnell the Rich, order…” 
It was Abel.
###chapter426
Chapter 426 Found the Sugilite Charm 
“Boss, I found the Southdale’s sugilite dealer you wanted me to investigate.” 
Abel sounded excited. 
“This sly dog is very elusive. He’s probably afraid of someone looking into him. 
“He doesn’t even dare to fly in a plane. He’s carrying some good stuff and has just returned from a cruise abroad. He said that he will attend an antique auction in a few days.” 
As Wynter heard that, she cast a glance at Benson. 
Benson was still wondering about her ringtone. He had no idea who the caller was and noticed Wynter looking at him. 
At once, the hairs on the back of his neck stood up. He quickly said, “I’ll go and ask the elders in my family if they know anything about Aunt Fiona.” Then he promptly left the conference room and even closed the door considerately. 
Wynter withdrew her gaze and set down her pen. She cut straight to the point and asked, Where is he right now?” 
“Panzarath.” Abel lowered his voice. “Boss, I don’t recommend going after him right now. The sly dog is not that easy to deal with. He has a lot of bodyguards and is an expert the Antique Association hired. It’s not safe to tackle this with brute force.” 
Wynter’s eyes darkened slightly. “What is he doing at Panzarath?” 
”
“He said it was to pray for luck and safety, and that he needed to clean some things.” Abel was still at the college dorm. Seeing that his friends had returned, he quickly said, “Boss, this is all I can find. I learned about them from gossip. Also, my grandpa probably went to visit Mrs. Yates Senior.” 
“Mr. Lopez Senior is visiting my grandma?” Wynter had been busy lately and had yet to 
return to the mansion. 
However, she had sent someone over before she left. She was pretty sure her grandma would like her. 
She had sent Zoey, the most capable former manager of the Yates Group. 
With Larry’s assistance, the company’s management would not be an issue. 
Zoey was best at expanding a business. 
Wynter thought that the shop should be opened by now. 
Wynter couldn’t figure out why Mr. Lopez Senior was looking for her grandmother. 
Tapping his foot, Abel looked downstairs. “Boss, you forgot that my grandpa wanted to find you a college. I can’t talk him out of it. He’s worried being a streamer will make you neglect your studies.” 
“Got it.” 
Wynter hung up and left the rest of the work at the hotel to Ronan. 
Back then, when she was in Southdale, the Lopez family helped them the most. She had to welcome Mr. Lopez Senior since he came to Kingbourne. 
Noticing that she was leaving, Logan straightened up, wanting to follow her.
Wynter didn’t refuse. He had been by her side for the last seven days. It was, indeed, safer. 
Wolf was left with Marie. 
Before Wynter left, she checked on Marie. 
Marie was al- 
awake, blowing on a bowl of hot chowder. She asked Wolf, “Does it smell 
good? Will Wynter like it?” 
Wolf was a foodie. He nodded to every question. 
Marie kept having the feeling that Wolf had grown taller. “How have you gotten taller overnight?” 
Wolf tilted his head and signed, “I had a feast.” 
Marie was amused. “What kind of feast?” 
Wolf raised his hand. 
Wynter walked over and held his hand. Tilting his head up, she looked at his face and said, Alright, that’s enough. Take care of our mom. I’m heading out for a while.” 
Wolf nodded and nuzzled Wynter, telling her that he had been very good. 
Marie still wanted to have a meal with her daughter. “What are you so busy with?” 
“An elder from Southdale came. He treated me well. I have to go see him.” Wynter smiled faintly. “Mom, rest for two more days. We’ll go and see Grandma after that. Then, we’ll all live together.”
Marie was stunned for a moment before saying with a smile, “Okay.”
###chapter427
Chapter 427 Marie’s Transformation 
After Wynter left, Marie opened up the page she had previously read. 
She had noticed everything Shane had done. 
It was time to put an end to some things. 
“Wolf, could you accompany me on a walk?” Marie looked at him. 
With a new lucky coin and a bell on his neck, Wolf looked even more valiant. He nodded and quickly ran over to pack up his bag. 
He didn’t forget to raise his hand to negotiate. “I want one candy. I won’t get cavities. Don’t tell Boss, Mrs. Quinnell.” 
Marie chortled. “Wynter said ‘our mom‘ just now. Shouldn’t you call me ‘Mom‘?” 
Wolf scratched the back of his head, somewhat puzzled. 
Though Marie was a middle–aged woman, the air about her and her looks made it seem like she had just reached her 30s. 
Moreover, she had dressed up and changed Wolf into a snazzy outfit. 
They looked like a pair of mother and son. 
Marie first went to a barbershop. 
Many years ago, others used to comment that she appeared gentle when they saw her with long hair. Later, she was told that she resembled a ghost.
Marie was determined to cut off her long hair that day. It would serve as proof of her resolve. 
She met Shane while they were students. 
She believed some issues could be worked out through communication, so she had been waiting for an explanation from Shane. 
Marie had also studied management. She was aware that such a situation should not be handled in that manner. 
That apology pushed Wynter into the lion’s den. 
Wynter was back, and she was only given a hotel. Was that so unbearable to him? 
Marie reflected self–mockingly. When they were young, she was much stronger than him. She wondered if that was the reason Shane had wanted her to step back and focus on the 
family. 
Back then, she had thought it was because of love. 
She had told many that Shane was kind and cowardly and that he wouldn’t change. 
Marie lowered her eyes. That was just her assumption. 
“Ma’am, are you sure you want to cut your hair short?” The barber asked for another 
confirmation. 
Marie was resolute. “Yes.”
Half an hour later, when Marie and Wolf walked out again, she looked like a different person. 
Having been sick for so many years, it was as if she had disconnected from society. 
The most important thing she needed to do now was catch up. 
Marie opened an app on her phone, psyched herself up, and said, “Wolf, come with me to ant 
interview.” 
Wolf had never been to an interview. His face was filled with excitement. As he walked, he signed, “What position is it? Do they have food?” 
“Head of operations.” Marie pinched his cheeks. “The Quinnell family has controlling interest in a lot of companies in Kingbourne. I can’t go to those. This company is quite nice. Your brother, Tobias, is one of their talents.” 
Wolf looked solemn. “I don’t have a brother.” 
Marie smiled. “You’ll like him when you meet him.” 
She used to wallow in self–pity, missing out on her sons‘ growth. 
She never realized that Wynter being kidnapped was not only her pain but also her youngest 
son’s. 
She had been an unfit mother. She shouldn’t have made her illness an excuse. 
Sometimes, when she looked at Wolf, she would remember how Tobias had approached her back then. He’d wanted to ask her not to replace his sister with someone else.
However, she had sat there like a puppet, asking her son in a frenzy, “Do you not want me to live? If it weren’t for you, your sister wouldn’t have been kidnapped.” 
How could she say such a thing? 
It wasn’t what she had thought. 
Chapter 427 Marie’s Transformation 
She owed Tobias an apology.
###chapter428
Chapter 428 Finding a Job and Starting Over 
Returning to the workforce was tough. 
It was especially true for a housewife who had been one for years. It was harder for women like them to find work. 
All the applicants sitting with Marie were recent graduates. Amongst them were outstanding students who had returned from studying abroad. 
Operations management was a major trend now, especially online operations. 
Even celebrities needed to build publicity. 
One of the interviewees glanced at Marie before turning her head to speak with another person. 
Marie could faintly hear what they were saying. 
“Gosh. She’s so old, but she has come to fight for the position against us. 
“I’m sure the company will reject her. I glanced over her resume. She’s a housewife. A stay- at–home mom.” 
Somewhere along the way, a stay–at–home mom had become a pejorative term. 
In truth, in a family, they were the ones who made the biggest contributions. 
The saddest part was that they were alienating a woman despite being women themselves. 
Nobody was exempt from getting older. Everyone was young once.
Marie didn’t say anything, thinking that this was probably the first step toward entering society. 
Society could be kind, but sometimes it could be malicious as well. 
Wolf had most likely mentioned to Wynter that she was coming to look for work. 
On her phone screen, there was a message from Wynter. It was short. “Mom, do your best. I believe in you.” 
Marie smiled. She could muster her courage to come because she had talked to Wynter. 
Conflicts in a family should be dealt with. 
She should make it up to her youngest son after hurting him. 
Chapter 428 Finding a Job and Starting Over 
Wynter told her that it was all because of her illness, which she had no control over. She told her not to blame herself. 
Marie was unconcerned with what others thought. After Wynter came back, she had been making progress. 
Though going outside would expose her to more ridicule than staying as a wealthy housewife, she believed that this was what made life worthwhile. 
“Marie.” 
“Here!”
Marie stood up, holding her documents. 
There were three people in charge of the recruitment. They flipped open her file, revealing her information. As soon as they saw the part stating she had been a housewife, they closed her profile. 
“As the person in charge of the operations team, I’ll be blunt. You’ve stayed at home for so many years. How do your core competencies stack up against those of others? 
“Online operations management places more value on youth and digital literacy. With your experience and age, you’re clearly not a good fit.” 
Marie was somewhat nervous. 
Her palms were sweaty, and her heartbeat was erratic. 
When the recruiter raised his hand and was about to ask her to leave, she suddenly spoke. 
She began with the current hottest topic, “QHotel’s operations and PR department…” 
→ As soon as she said those words, the three recruiters looked up, visibly intrigued. 
Marie was impressive to begin with. She was naturally sharp and had a management 
mindset. 
“Their operations strategy was to draw in traffic. However, regarding the result of the operations can they handle the flux and will it backfire? Or should they call for a more logical approach? Look at Q Hotel. It should have been extremely profitable publicity. Yet a careless public statement could undo the results. 
“I’m older than others. That might be a disadvantage as well as an advantage. I’m
emotionally stable. The company is already remarkable. It requires more individuals with stability. 
Chapter 428 Finding a Job and Starting Over 
“Ultimately, celebrities compete through their culture. I used to teach at a college. I am capable of handling a PR crisis. I can establish a distinctive brand identity.” 
On the side of the recruiters, Jacqueline, who was around Marie’s age, pondered for a while after hearing her words. 
A man still shook his head. “I’m very sorry. Though your words are quite moving, the 
workforce… 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>>
###chapter429
Chapter 429 Something Significant Will Happen to the Quinnells 
“Are you willing to start out as an assistant?” Jacqueline cut that man off and spoke, her words direct and efficient. “If you’re willing, stay.” 
She flipped through Marie’s profile. It was obvious she was someone ruined by her marriage. 
Aside from wanting to help another woman, Jacqueline saw potential in Marie. 
She noticed she didn’t look like a typical housewife. She wondered if she could withstand 
hardships. 
“I’m willing.” Marie smiled. “I will prove I’m not just an ordinary assistant.” 
She wasn’t submissive or dominating. That had Jacqueline’s approval. 
Since this was arr unconventional recruitment, she didn’t have to go through another interview and was told to report to work the next day. 
The top student, who had previously mocked Marie, came out as well. She complained on the phone, “Mom, I don’t want to work here. I interviewed for an operations position but they want me to work as an assistant. What kind of company is this?” 
“Darling, You don’t have to work. Come home. I will support you.” Her mother indulged her on the other end of the call. 
She ruffled her hair and replied, “That won’t work either. All my classmates got their jobs. I’m the only one without an internship. I should just work here. Tell Dad to talk to them. Even if I have to be an assistant, I should be an assistant for the top celebrities.”
After she finished talking, she glanced at Marie, who was walking past. 
“The old lady hasn’t left yet. How strange.” 
She was a minor scion too. 
Wealthy people were aplenty in Kingbourne. 
Given her social standing, she had never met Marie. She even complained in the group. 
“Guess what. At the interview today, I met an older woman in her 40s looking for a job.” 
“These old women should know their places. It’s no wonder they lose their husbands to someone else.” 
This group had Wendy as the leader. She didn’t talk much in the group. 
Chapter 420 Something Significant Will Happen to the Quinnells 
She had not been in a good mood lately. Looking at such things filled her with contempt. “Where can you even manage to score an interview? Which small company is it?” Wendy asked with no trace of politeness. 
However, the top student didn’t dare to get angry. Instead, she Indulged her and smiled, texting: “I’m at the company Tobias is at. I’m here to snoop around.” 
“Do a good job at that.” Wendy’s mood was lifted somewhat. “We should hang out when 
we’re free.” 
The top student couldn’t contain her smile. “Yes, of course.
To be invited to hang out with Wendy meant she was one step closer to becoming a member of the upper class. 
Even her family members would encourage her to do so. 
She recalled she had to tell her best friend as well. “Yvette, my interview was a success. It was that company you told me. You’re the smartest. How did you know they’re looking for operations staff?” 
Yvette chuckled. “I saw it online.” 
Truth be told, she had simply remembered some things and told the scion, making her owe 
herself a favor. 
After all, she still needed these scions to move her up the social ladder. 
Having been in Kingbourne for so long, she already had a bit of a reputation. Many would ask for her acupuncture treatment when they got sick. 
However, for some reason, she still felt that there was a veil between her and the people even further up the social ladder. 
Yvette remembered that something significant would happen to the Quinnell family soon. This major incident would affect the state of Kingbourne. 
As for other internal affairs, she wouldn’t be able to learn about them even if she wanted to. However, this Quinnell family matter was different. This concerned Tobias. 
While shooting a variety show, a person was gone. Moreover, they were a celebrity. It became a trending topic that day.
Only then that people realize the brother that they had thought to come from nothing, actually had such a notable background. 
Chapter 429 Something Significant Will Happen to the Quinnells 
Yvette wondered if she should make the Quinnell family owe her a favor.
###chapter430
Chapter 430 Perhaps Wynter Is Bad At Studying 
Meanwhile, at the mansion, Mr. Lopez Senior was anxious. 
“I need to get Wynter enrolled as soon as possible.” 
He was an expert in the medical field. His lifelong goal had been to save lives and heal the 
wounded. 
He finally met a junior who gave him hope that traditional medicine would continue to be passed down to future generations. 
He thought that in any case, Wynter should study. 
Mr. Lopez Senior was worried she would neglect her education. 
When Wynter walked in, she heard his words. She knew he was genuinely worried about her. “Mr. Lopez Senior, I can self–educate at home as well. I plan to attend that vocational school. When the exam comes, I will be there on time.” 
“That won’t do. Wynter, with your ability, you should find a good school and give it your best shot.” Mr. Lopez Senior did not want to hold her back. “Well, come with me now. We’re going to the affiliated high school of Sacred Heart Medical University. I made an 
appointment with someone. I have an old friend teaching there. They’ll surely accept you for my sake.” 
Logan, who had come with Wynter, was puzzled as he listened to their exchange. He realized Wynter might not have gone to college. 
Typically, they would already be sent abroad to study management at their age.
Logan cast her a glance, wondering if she was as bad at studying as he was. 
Wynter was unaware of what Logan was thinking. Seeing that Mr. Lopez Senior was adamant and had specially made an appointment for her, she was certain she would be troubling Mr. Lopez Senior if she did not go. 
Hence, she quickly pulled Logan to the side. 
“Mr. Logan, I have to bother you with a visit to this address.” As she said that, she handed Logan a piece of paper. “Others might not be able to find it, but with your constitution, you won’t have trouble with that.” 
In the past, Logan wouldn’t think much of it if he heard that. At present, the corner of his eye twitched, and he asked, “Does it have something to do with my constitution? There won’t be spirits, right?” 
Chapter 430 Perhaps Wynter Is Bad At Studying 
“Don’t worry. Spirits know who they shouldn’t mess with.” Wynter’s eyes glinted faintly. ” You have Wolf’s scent on you, and you’re carrying the lucky coin I gave you. You’re very safe. 
Logan was not expecting to learn that there would be spirits. He wasn’t being serious when he asked. 
Wynter was 
was thorough. “Don’t reveal who you are. Pretend you’re looking to rent a room and are just checking it out. There will be something under the couch. After you find it, give it to the police and testify that it was a premeditated murder by Simon Bethhold. 
“Also, Simon should be brain–dead now. Take note of his information and current address
for me.” 
The fact that a deliveryman knew so much about Earthbound Formation obviously did not make sense, unless he had another identity. 
Moreover, that identity was so well hidden to the extent that even his own mother was 
unaware. 
Wynter did not do this because she had promised the formation master. 
One of the main reasons was that the person’s method seemed a bit familiar to her. 
A perverted killer knew formations. Many domains would be involved. Without absolute proof, it would easily cause an upheaval. 
It was such an elaborate plan to sever the Quinnell family’s fortune. 
At first, Wynter assumed it was just an act of revenge as well. 
It wasn’t until she discovered the layout of the underground parking lot that she realized it wasn’t just a simple act of revenge. 
She surmised that the person was not only doing it for vengeance but was also aiming to steal the Quinnell family’s fortune. 
Moreover, they were able to stay hidden for so long and exact their plan over years without anyone noticing. 
It was clear that the person behind this was very well hidden. The Quinnell family would not be the only one targeted.
Someone wanted to cause havoc in the city and steal the fortune that the families had amassed over time. 
Wynter surmised that the Quinnell family was only the start. 
Chapter 430 Perhaps Wynter is Bad At Studying 
She had also instructed Abel to look into the Oninnells‘ family matters, specifically how that former manager, whose whereabouts were unknown, was assigned and where he was now All of these were questions yet to be answered.
###chapter431
Chapter 431 Wynter Has People Everywhere 
As for Fiona and Naomi, they still didn’t know that the formation of the hotel had been resolved. 
Wynter wanted to go and confront them, yet after some calculations, she concluded that it was not worth it. 
She should keep the problematic people in her sight so that she could follow the trail they left behind. 
Wynter gave Logan a blackened hair clip. “Help me return this to its rightful owner. Put it back into the house.” 
Logan was not aware of where that hair clip came from. 
That was the case until he went to that neighborhood and found the property agent. 
When he went up the stairs, he felt chills run up his spine. 
The property agent was acting strange as well. “Sir, how about you enter that room yourself? Just lock it when you come out. 
As Logan was holding the key, blanking out in the hallway, the door next door opened. A husband and wife were quarreling. 
There was a strong smell of alcohol on the man. “Why did I hit you? If you can do your job, do it. If you can’t, just quit.” 
He bumped into Logan when he walked out the door. “Who are you?” 
“I’m here to rent a room.” Looking at the badly bruised woman, Logan asked, infuriated, ” Ma’am, do you need me to call the police?”
The man laughed. “I’m telling you. Keep your nose out of other people’s business.” 
As he spoke, he shoved Logan and walked away, cursing. He accepted a call and said, for me. I’ll be right there at the table.” 
“Wait 
“Thank you.” The woman walked out, her face pale. “He’s not usually like this. He drank today. I still need to go pick up my kid.” 
Logan understood, yet he felt even more upset. 
It was blatant domestic violence, yet the victim did not want to fight back. 
Logan gripped the keys in his hand and turned to unlock the door. 
Chapter 431 Wynter Has People Everywhere. 
The woman spoke again, “You’re renting this unit? You look like a college student. Don’t you know it’s unlucky? You should return it right now.” 
“Unlucky?” 
The woman lowered her voice. “This is where a delivery person killed a girl. After the girl died, those who could move away did so. Would you really dare to live here?” 
Logan paused. Delivery man and a girl. 
That was what he had heard at the hotel.
He realized then that Wynter wanted him to redress injustice for the girl. 
Logan didn’t forget Wynter’s instruction–she had told him not to reveal his identity. 
“I just graduated and have very little money. This place is cheap.” Logan waved his hand, looking nonchalant. “Besides, I’m not superstitious.” 
Doubtful, the woman looked at him until he went inside. 
A gust of cold air hit Logan. He quickly followed Wynter’s instructions and searched for the thing inside the house. 
The woman didn’t want to get into trouble. When that incident happened back then, the media kept pestering them. 
All she wanted was peace. She closed her door and left. 
If she could move away, she would not want to keep living there. 
Logan had gotten smarter now. Typically, when a murder happened next door, there was no way that family would be completely clueless. He headed to the police station after grabbing the thing. 
It was then that he learned that the girl was said to be hot–tempered. The child she had scolded was right next door. 
Sitting there, Logan sent Wynter a message, “Wynter, what do you think is going on with that family?” 
“Their testimonies are fishy.” Wynter’s reply came fast. “After the evidence is submitted, the police will reopen the case. All of that will be investigated.”
“They’ll get what’s coming to them.” Wynter was quiet as she typed. “I looked into their kid. Cat abuser. All of this has been submitted to the police. You only need to go along with the people who receive you.” 
Chapter 331 Wester Has People Everywhere. 
Logan became more impressed by Wynter. “Okay. They’re in a meeting. I’m waiting.” 
Logan had never been in this kind of situation before. 
It felt almost like a task force. He wondered if Wynter had people in this field as well.
###chapter432
Chapter 432 Wynter Slaps Yvette In The Face 
In the Special Case conference room, several people were studying Logan through the screen 
at this moment. 
“Did the Boss send him here?” one asked. 
“Yeah, Boss said he is special and can help with the case,” another confirmed. 
“When will Boss return? Did anyone tell you?” someone Inquired. 
“He said he will be back once his studies are stable,” another responded. 
“Once his studies are stable? Are you kidding me? What does Boss need to study for?” someone remarked, clearly surprised by this fact. 
“You don’t believe me? See for yourselves,” the person said. 
Admittedly, when several people in the Special Case conference room observed the chat page, the room fell into silence. 
What kind of power could make their Boss focus on s 
studying? 
They shouldn’t have asked. Asking it was as if they were asking to be slapped. 
Wynter had been waiting with Victor at the bookstore near the school early. 
The appointment was at two o’clock, but it was already four o’clock, and the other party hadn’t shown up yet.
Victor had finished his tea and was about to send another message. 
Just then, a group of people dressed as scholars came in. Among them, an elderly man, Luis, smiled and said, “My student, Yvette, is truly commendable. 
“Even Mr. Winston Senior praised her, saying that despite her young age, she had excellent acupuncture skills, and her analysis of situations was very accurate. It is quite remarkable.” 
“Mr. Xalazar, I’m not as good as you said,” Yvette chuckled and said modestly, “If it weren’t for your connections, Mr. Winston Senior wouldn’t have valued me.” 
Luis was very impressed by her response. He laughed. Then, looking up, he noticed Victor looking at him. At this moment, he seemed to have remembered something and exclaimed, ” Victor, dear me, I’ve been so busy until now.” 
Chapter 432 Wynter Slaps Yvette In The Face 
While speaking, Luis approached Wynter and Victor. 
As if taking Victor seriously, Luis gave him a hug and said, “Victor, it’s been three years 
since we last met.” 
“Yeah, about there,” Victor replied, playing along. “More than three years.” 
While speaking, he glanced at Yvette behind Luis. 
Then, he shifted his gaze to Wynter again. 
When did Yvette become a student of his old friend?
Victor recalled the event that night…. 
He couldn’t help but feel worried. 
Wynter, however, just put away her phone. Her expression was as calm as before, not showing even the slightest change upon seeing Yvette. On the contrary, she noticed something. 
There was a smell of incense emanating from Luis. 
As a medical practitioner, he believed in gods? 
Wynter pressed her fingertips against her lucky token, her beautiful eyes deepening. 
Yvette obviously also noticed Wynter. She paused briefly with many things going on in her 
mind. 
Ever since she arrived in Kingbourne, she had been striving for success. 
No one had contacted her since then, and she would definitely not take the initiative to reach out to that bloodsucking family. 
However, she hadn’t expected Wynter to be in Kingbourne. 
Did that family in the village spare her? 
Luck seemed to be on her side. 
Yvette clenched her hands, feeling somewhat dissatisfied. 
She originally wanted to crush Wynter completely in one fell swoop.
But it didn’t matter now. Seeing as she was here with Victor, she must be hoping to seek help. 
Before, she would have cared about Wynter’s identity as a popular live streamer. 
Chapter 42 Wynter Slapa Yvette in The Face 
However, now, Yvette herself was the renowned Dr. Yates In Kingbourne, 
On the other hand, Wynter had to rely on Victor’s help If she wanted to go to school. 
This was probably the destined difference between them. 
Yvette was in a good mood, especially after seeing Victor’s embarrassed expression. 
This old man had talked badly about her and was Impolite to her before. But now, It was clear who held more importance and success. 
“Mr. Xalazar, do you know Mr. Lopez?” Yvette asked knowingly, “Why Is Mr. Lopez looking for you?” 
Matters like transferring students to another school should have been discussed in private. 
Luis was not bothered. Instead, he continued chatting, “Mr. Lopez and I have known each other for a long time. He used to perform many surgeries. He was famous but had a stubborn temperament.”
###chapter433
Claim 
Chapter 433 Let’s See Who is Unable To Back Down Gracefully 
Chapter 433 Let’s See Who Is Unable To Back Down Gracefully 
‘Now it seems time spares no one. Even you, Victor, you’ve always upheld rules. I have never expected you to find yourself in a dilemma.” 
Luis patted Victor on the shoulder and continued, “Victor, we’re all getting old. My memory is not what it used to be, so I forgot to invite you. Look… It is really not the right time to talk about your junior transferring schools.” 
“Transferring schools?” Yvette exclaimed, “Mr. Lopez, with my sister’s grades, she 
wouldn’t be able to transfer to another school, right? She has always been attending your 
trade school.” 
As soon as these words were spoken, many scholars turned their attention toward them. 
Luis did not stop Yvette from speaking. 
Victor knew what was going on. He felt disheartened, looking at Wynter apologetically. 
Before coming here, he had promised that there would be no problem this time. 
Unexpectedly, even his old friend became somewhat unrecognizable. 
“Mr. Lopez,” Wynter said. She was a smart person and knew that anything Victor said at this moment would be looked down upon.
So, she simply spoke first, “I know you missed your old friends, so you turned down Mr. Quinnell Senior’s invitation and made time to see your old friend. But unfortunately, some people misinterpreted your intentions.” 
“Mr. Quinnell Senior?” 
“This person knows Mr. Quinnell Senior?” 
Envious whispers arose around them. 
Both Luis and Yvette were stunned. 
Yvette responded quickly, “Mr. Lopez, you haven’t been to Kingbourne much recently. How did you become acquainted with Mr. Quinnell Senior?” 
“You haven’t been to Kingbourne, yet you canceled your appointment with Mr. Quinnell 
Senior?” 
“This is too much of a brag.“. 
The other scholars shook their heads when they heard what Yvette said. 
Chapter 433 Let’s See Who Is Unable To Back Down Gracefully 
“And they even thought of transferring a trade school student here. How embarrassing.” 
“How bad must her grades be if she can’t even get into a regular high school?” 
“It’s disheartening for Luis to have such a friend.”
“Don’t say that. Victor is very skillful in performing surgeries. He is also a professor.” 
“What’s the use? He can’t even handle his affairs properly.” 
The commotion escalated. 
Victor, a true medical professional, felt his heart grow cold seeing the fellow scholars. gossiping like this. 
There was pride in Yvette’s eyes. 
Luis smiled even wider. He feigned kindness and said, “Victor, let’s just let the juniors talk nonsense amongst themselves. After all, Kingbourne isn’t very big, everyone knows each other.” 
“Nonsense?” Wynter’s eyes darkened as she looked at the two opposite of her. She said, ” When Mr. Quinnell Senior was seriously ill in Southdale, it was the Lopezes who treated him. Mr. Lopez chose to keep a low profile, so it wasn’t widely known.” 
She remarked, “After all, a medical professional’s intentions matter most, regardless of the patient’s identity.” 
Wynter continued calmly, “I did learn a bit after watching both of your performances today. From now on, I will make sure to publicize every patient I treat. After all, a bit of self- promotion leads to recognition, doesn’t it?” 
“Who do you think is boasting? Who is seeking recognition?” A scholar, named Robi, couldn’t endure it. So, he protested, “Mr. Xalazar’s achievements are evident to all. You outsiders don’t know much about what’s happening here, and yet, you dare to speak so arrogantly.
“Mr. Quinnell Senior did visit Southdale, but the person who treated him was a mysterious individual, certainly not the Lopezes. How dare you speak such falsehoods? You’re merely trying to elevate yourself as a junior.” 
Wynter played with her handphone and smiled amusingly. 
Victor couldn’t listen anymore. He said, “About that mysterious individual…” 
“Who’s trying to elevate themselves?” Alexis asked as he walked in with someone. He wore a sharp suit, exuding a business–like aura. His gaze swept over the scholars. 
He smiled gently when his gaze landed on Wynter, 
Upon arrival, Wynter had sent him a message, Informing him that she would be bringing Victor to dine with Mr. Quinnell today. 
Alexis had come to pick them up, but he hadn’t expected to hear such remarks upon arrival. 
Luis knew Alexis, His arrogant expression changed instantly. He quickly smiled and attempted to shake hands…
###chapter434
Chapter 434 Slaps Scholars In The Face 
“Alexis, long time no see. The last time we met was in Mr. Quinnell Senior’s office,” Luis greeted. 
Luis‘ flattery was obvious. 
Alexis didn’t shake hands with him but merely glanced at him. 
Luis didn’t mind his attitude. Instead, he kept finding toples to talk to him about. He continued, “Why are you here?” 
“I’m here to pick up Mr. Lopez Senior.” After Alexis understood Wynter’s instructions, he bypassed Luis and went straight to Mr. Lopez Senior. 
He explained, “Mr. Lopez Senior, Mr. Quinnell Senior knew that you wanted to see an old friend, so he specifically asked me not to show up early. After you finish your work, I will take you to the Quinnell residence. Mr. Quinnell Senior has been thinking about you since you left Southdale.” 
As soon as these words were said, silence fell over the room. 
Alexis‘ attitude was like a silent slap to Luis, hitting him hard on the face. 
Luis became visibly stiff. 
Those who had previously criticized Wynter and Mr. Lopez Senior, saying that they were boasting, instantly felt embarrassed. 
Alexis addressed them, saying, “You dare to criticize things you have no knowledge on. It seems you didn’t learn much from your academy.”
Nevermind Luis, even his student, Yvette, dared to talk poorly about Wynter although she didn’t know anything. She even said things about Wynter like being narrow–minded, telling lies and boasting. 
The reason why Yvette could say these words was clearly because she felt Wynter was someone with no background. It was only because of this that she could behave so shamelessly! 
The scholar, Robi, who had been speaking arrogantly just now, had a wide smile plastered on his face now. He said, “Alexis, you’re right. I was too blind.” 
Luis tried to smooth things over, and even wanted to use this scene to get onto the good. side of the Quinnells. He put his hand on Victor’s shoulder again and said, “Victor, you’re really something. Why didn’t you tell me earlier that you knew the Quinnells! This is a 
Chapter 434 Slaps Scholars In The Face 
misunderstanding.” 
Victor was wise. He didn’t want to humiliate his old friend. 
So, he didn’t refute but brushed away Luis‘ attempt to smooth things over. 
He said, “The doctor who saved Mr. Quinnell in Southdale was not me.” 
Victor’s tone was very calm. He couldn’t pretend to take credit that wasn’t his. 
Robi, who was nearby, heard this. He jumped into the topic again after the situation finally calmed down. He exclaimed, “I told you, the person who treated Mr. Quinnell Senior was obviously that god…” 
Before he could finish speaking, Victor interrupted him, “The person who saved Mr. Quinnell Senior was this young lady.”
What? 
Suddenly, Robi froze like a monkey. He stared at Wynter in disbelief, asking, “Her? Impossible. She’s so young!” 
“Besides, she’s just a trade school student!‘ 
Robi was so frustrated! 
They were both studying medicine, so how could she have such a big achievement? 
He endured pressure for so long. He stayed with Luis for several years, only to gradually become prominent. Finally, he managed to get himself into the academic circle. 
But even so, he hadn’t treated the Winstons, let alone the Quinnells. There were too many capable doctors in Kingbourne. 
How could this young lady save Mr. Quinnell Senior’s life? 
The other scholars were all shocked. They looked at Wynter again with disbelief in their eyes. 
They used to think she was arrogant. 
After all, how could someone with such an appearance, looking so beautiful and cool, be able to understand medicine? 
However, they realized now that Wynter had been surprisingly calm and composed from just now. 
It seemed that no matter how embarrassing the situation was, it didn’t affect her. 
If she really cured Mr. Quinnell Senior, why would she be worried about school?
Chapter 434 Staps Scholars in The Face 
With such exceptional medical skills, Lals‘ refusal to accept her would be his loss! 
Luis froze with everyone’s eyes staring at him. He didn’t believe that a young lady could cure Mr. Quinnell Senior’s stubborn illness! 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>:
###chapter435
Chapter 435 Yvette Is Still Pretending 
After all, even with Yvette’s powerful acupuncture skills, she couldn’t cure all diseases. 
Sometimes, she could even be inaccurate.. 
Luis‘ only guess was that his old friend was merely seeking assistance on behalf of his disciple to transfer schools. 
He said mockingly, “Victor, I know you want to promote your junior, but you don’t have to go to the extent of giving all the credit to her.” 
“Giving her the credit? Alexis is right here. How could I be giving her credit?” Victor 
asserted. He looked at Yvette, who was attempting to diminish his presence, and continued, “This student of yours was an apprentice of Hilda at that time. She should have heard who saved Mr. Quinnell Senior.” 
Victor originally had no intention of troubling a junior. 
So, when he saw Yvette, he remained silent. 
However, every word from her seemed deliberately aimed at undermining Wynter, portraying her as worthless. 
This finally made Victor feel unbearable. He said, “Wynter possesses the best medical skills 
in the entire Southdale. I don’t understand why anyone would still doubt her just because 
she is a trade school student.
“Your student may have been away from Southdale for too long. Perhaps being praised in Kingbourne has clouded her judgment, causing her to forget who she is.” 
Yvette originally wanted to hide when she realized that the situation was turning unfavorable. 
Now that Victor called her out, she became more embarrassed and awkward. 
As soon as Hilda’s name was mentioned, the nature of the discussions among scholars changed. 
ne 
“Is it the one who got caught?” 
“She’s Hilda’s apprentice?” 
“Luis must be confused. Why did he accept Hilda’s apprentice as his student?” 
Luis stood there, completely humiliated. 
Chapter 435 Yvette Is Still Pretending 
During their junior days, Victor had always overshadowed him. 
It wasn’t until Victor went to Southdale while he remained in Kingbourne that he finally gained more recognition. 
This time, Luis wanted to use the transfer of schools matter to embarrass those who had surpassed him in the past in front of all the scholars. 
He never imagined that Victor would have such a connection.
Now, instead of getting what he wanted, he became the subject of discussion. 
Also, how could Yvette hide such a significant thing from him? 
Although the Gibsons‘ case occurred in Southdale, the repercussions of it were equally negative anywhere else! 
Those associated with Hilda had a tarnished reputation in the medical community! 
“Yvette, tell me, what’s going on?” Luis demanded after coming back to his senses. He wanted to distance himself from her. 
“If I had known you were Hilda’s apprentice, I would never have allowed you into my laboratory!” he exclaimed. 
Yvette panicked. She hadn’t expected Victor to bring up their past. She had worked so hard to give herself a new identity in Kingbourne. She couldn’t afford to ruin it today. 
Feeling unwilling, tears streamed down her face as she held her hands. She said, “Mr. Xalazar, most of the doctors in Southdale are the Gibsons‘ students. After all, the Gibsons hold significant influence locally, and we dare not refuse.” 
Yvette spoke through her tears, making it seem like Victor was bullying her. 
“Mr. Lopez, I don’t understand why you had to bring this matter up. I had always known this was my regret, but I couldn’t help it. I was just a student. Hilda asked me to be her apprentice. I had no choice.” 
Yvette sobbed, appearing genuinely pitiful. 
The scholars present also couldn’t bear it.
Victor had never encountered such a shameless young lady before. He would definitely beat his grandchild, Quinton, to death when he returned home! What kind of friends had he made?
###chapter436
Chapter 436 Wynter Tells The Truth 
Quinton didn’t know that Yvette, whom Luis mentioned, had put up such an act for Victor in front of everyone in public. 
Given Victor’s Identity as Mr. Lopez Senlor, it was naturally inappropriate for him to say anything further. 
If he kept fussing over what she said, it would have been unbecoming. 
Yvette also insisted that Victor was a respected figure in the medical field and prided himself on being a 
man of letters. 
Under such circumstances, it was best for him to not engage further with her. 
So, Yvette resorted to this tactic. 
However, she overlooked one thing–Wynter, who could spill the truth regardless of the circumstances. 
“Based on what you say, are you implying that you were forced to be Hilda’s apprentice?” Wynter asked. 
She smiled with her thin lips slightly curved before continuing, “Yvette, I will give you a chance now to tell the truth. Otherwise, I can let everyone in Sacred Heart Medical University know about your relationship 
with Hilda.” 
As Wynter spoke, she popped a piece of candy into her mouth and continued, “By then, you won’t just be embarrassed. Remember, everything stays on the internet. It just depends on whether I want to dig
deeper or not.” 
Yvette, who had been crying, suddenly choked up. 
She looked at Wynter as she bit her lips with unconcealable hatred. She said, “If it weren’t for us Yates family taking care of you, you wouldn’t be able to survive until now. Are you only satisfied if you drive me to my death?” 
“The only reason I didn’t target you is because of Grandma,” Wynter said, playing with her purple sugilite pendant as she spoke. 
She leaned closer suddenly and whispered, “You didn’t really think I wouldn’t know that you were the one who sent Dickson and Fanny after me, right?” 
Yvette froze, and her face became extremely pale. 
Wynter straightened up and said calmly, “Don’t push the blame on Mr. Lopez. Stop acting like a saint and spill the truth.” 
Yvette’s palms were bleeding from clenching them so tightly. Suddenly, she smiled, “Do you know why Charlie chose me over you? It’s because of who you are now.” 
Yvette thought saying this would give her leverage over Wynter. 
After all, she had foreseen that dealing with Charlie would be the hardest. 
Chapter 435 Wynter felis The Trums. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow upon hearing what she said. 
But her subsequent reply caught Yvette off guard.
She said. “I told you to spill the truth. What nonsense are you talking about?” Obviously, Wynter didn’t understand what Yvette was thinking. She continued, “Do you have trouble understanding?” 
Wette noticed the puzzled looks from those around her. 
She felt so embarrassed that she just wanted to disappear. 
But she was also afraid that Wynter would really expose the video of her trying to ingratiate herself with Hilda on the Sacred Heart Medical University forum. 
That would ruin her image completely! 
Without any options left, Yvette spoke again, “My family spent a lot of money to make sure I could become Hilda’s apprentice. I…” 
Yvette couldn’t continue. She also noticed that some people began to pity her. 
“Wynter, according to Yvette, the Yates family had taken care of you.” 
The person speaking was Duncan Scott, a member of the Scott family and a professor at Sacred Heart 
Medical University, who had been hiding in the crowd. 
There was a reason why Yvette was so influential in the university circle. 
In fact, Luis only played a minor role. 
The real driving force behind her popularity was the Scott family. 
After all, Yvette had ties to them. 
And it was not in vain that the Scott family had recognized her. She had helped resolve many problems
for them before. 
Chapter 477 The Troes
###chapter437
Chapter 437 The True Face Of The Scott Family Has Been Revealed 
But today, once Yvette’s reputation crumbled, it would be difficult for the Scott family to manipulate the situation further. 
Therefore, Duncan had to step forward, He glanced at Alexis, and then at Wynter. He said, “In that case, you should at least show some mercy. 
“After all, you are also a doctor. You should exercise the compassion of a doctor. You can’t let another doctor have no way out just because you saved Mr. Quinnell Senior.” 
Wynter was sharp and could understand what he was implying just by looking at his expression. 
Seeing that even the Scott family couldn’t resist stepping in to help, Wynter responded amusingly, “I was wondering who had such great ability to speak up for Hilda’s apprentice. It turns out to be the Scott family. 
This statement made Duncan’s expression darken Instantly. He said, “Young lady, you must speak with 
evidence.” 
“Yvette’s mother is a Scott,” Wynter said casually. “She has been imprisoned for bribery. Isn’t she your distant cousin? Mr. Scott, have you forgotten?” 
Duncan had never dealt with such a difficult opponent before. He narrowed his eyes and said, “I can’t even count how many people there are in our Scott family. If a distant relative commits a crime, how can you blame it on us Scotts?” 
“If you don’t want the blame to be on the Scotts, then you’d better watch yourself, Mr. Scott. Trying to use moral blackmail on me is a weak move,” Wynter said with a slight smile. “But it seems you’re quite
nervous today, Mr. Scott. I bet everyone here knows of Yvette’s connections.” 
Wynter’s smile was intriguing as she continued, “Mr. Scott, it isn’t wise to rely on Mr. Xalazar too much. Sometimes you have to play your card openly.” 
Duncan now wished he could go back in time. 
He shouldn’t have lost his composure and stepped forward to speak for Yvette. 
This woman had done it on purpose! 
Yvette deliberately provoked him into speaking up for her, just so that people would associate Yvette and Hilda with the Scott family! 
How could the Scott family be linked to Hilda? 
If this information got out, the Scott family’s reputation would definitely be tarnished, especially when his eldest brother was still in his position! 
Duncan stared at Wynter and said, “I didn’t expect you to be so articulate, young lady.” 
“Now you have seen it,” Wynter replied with a faint smile. Her temperament remained the same. 
Duncan’s eyes grew cold. He remarked. “It’s a good thing for young people to be passionate, but after all, this is not Southdale. We are in Kingboume. Let’s be friends.” 
“This sounds very familiar, Wynter quipped, her eyes gleaming “But what if I don’t want to be friends?” 
Duncan burst out laughing. “Young lady, you’re quite a funny one. After all, you’ve saved Mr. Quininell Senior. For the sake of the Quinnell family, as your senior, let me offer you some advice. Whether you take
it or not is up to you. 
“Us Scott family will not let other people deliberately tarnish our reputation,” Duncan added. 
While speaking, Duncan glanced at Alexis. He said, “I will inform Mr. Scott Senior about this matter and have him speak to Mr. Quinnell.” 
He thought saying this would resolve the matter. 
He thought if he said so, Alexis would speak up for him or control Wynter, the genius doctor from out of 
town. 
Unexpectedly, Alexis’s attitude was colder than he had anticipated. He said, “Go ahead. Please have Mr. Peter come to our group’s office. Mr. Quinnell will be available at any time.” 
When Duncan heard this, he thought Alexis was crazy. 
He wondered if Alexis realized what he was saying. 
Was it worth letting the two families feud over a mere genius doctor? 
“Alexis, you’d better think about whether you can still secure your job after this conversation,” Duncan 
warned. 
Before Alexis could respond, Wynter chuckled and said, “You don’t need to worry, Mr. Scott. Instead, I think you should think carefully about how to clear the Scott family’s name. After all, the Gibsons 
committed quite a serious crime.” 
This statement hit hard.
Duncan could only leave in dismay, even forgetting about Yvette.. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###chapter438
Chapter 438 Yvette Runs Away 
Yvette had always portrayed herself as an orphan within their circle. 
She only did so to show off her talent. 
Even when Ewan came to look for her, she claimed he was only a distant relative. 
Ewan also relied on his association with her to elevate his status. 
Everyone’s impression of her was shaped by her innocence and politeness. Naturally, they regarded her with a touch of pity. 
She was a young girl anyway. It was not easy when she came to Kingbourne for the first time, so the elders sympathized with her struggles. 
Who would have thought that she was actually backed by the Scott family! 
Now, it was obvious that the Scott family was afraid of getting involved in the Gibson family’s affairs, so they treated her like a discarded pawn. 
Scholars exchanged glances, silently distancing themselves from Yvette. 
Hilda was still being investigated in Southdale. Despite the fact that Mr. Gibson Senior used to be very popular within the circles in Kingbourne, he was not even allowed to leave the courtyard now. 
The storm hadn’t passed. The authorities were still investigating the case. 
After all, it was quite a serious medical corruption case. It wouldn’t be settled easily.
Yvette glanced at the stares around her. Her face was flushed crimson. There was no need for her to say anything anymore. Standing there alone now already felt uncomfortable. 
“Mr. Lopez, I’m sorry,” she muttered before fleeing. 
Other scholars began to avoid her. 
Luis brought her here because he wanted to completely crush Victor, letting him see that his excellence during their school time was in vain because he couldn’t compare to himself now in terms of status and apprenticeship. 
Now, he really wished he hadn’t come today! 
He had specifically arranged to meet Victor here. Luis‘ expression was amusing. He wanted to redeem 
himself. 
Looking at Victor furiously, he exclaimed angrily, “Victor, you saw what happened. I’ve lived for so long, yet, I was tricked by a young lady. I even thought she was from your hometown, so I kept giving her 
chances!” 
Victor wouldn’t believe such words. But he always tried to spare his old friend some embarrassment. Now, he just wanted to leave. 
Chapter 438 Yvaite Runs Away 
However, Luis continued, trying to manipulate Victor. He had to do so, otherwise, how could he maintain his status in the circle? He said, “Victor, I will take care of the paperwork for your junior. Don’t you worry, I will definitely have her enrolled by next week.” 
He was trying to take advantage of Victor.
Wynter lowered her head and smirked. Her eyes became dark as she spoke, “Don’t trouble yourself, Mr. Xalazar. Where I study is entirely up to myself. 
“Although Yvette is of average character, your reputation is impeccable. I’ve heard you thoroughly investigate students before accepting them, including their family backgrounds. It’s odd that you made an exception for Yvette.” 
After her remark, Wynter glanced at Alexis. 
Upon seeing this, Alexis immediately called in the bodyguards. 
Luis couldn’t restrain Victor anymore. Alone, he seethed with anger, his face contorted with rage. 
Some scholars also began to make excuses to leave. 
Luis clenched his fists tightly, watching Wynter leave, his face fill with fury. 
There were scholars who stayed but only a handful of them. 
“Mr. Xalazar, don’t be upset. You just have to find a way to cut ties with that student as soon as possible.” 
“But it is indeed a loss. If the doctor who saved Mr. Quinnell Senior joins our school, it will benefit us in 
the future.” 
Hearing this, Luis sneered, “The favor of a medical miracle can only be used once. If it’s overused, won’t the Quinnell family grow bored? Besides, you all heard what Mr. Scott said just now. 
“The Scott family will not let this arrogant young lady off the hook. You just wait. The Quinnell family may protect her for now, but not forever.”
He added. “The relationships between the aristocratic families have always been complicated. Will the Quinnell family risk antagonizing the Scott family over a genius doctor?”
###chapter439
Chapter 439 Get Close And Marry To The Quinnell Family 
“Then, she must be a peacemaker, persuading the Scott family to let her go,” Luis said confidently. 
He continued, “As time goes by, the Quinnell family will also become tired of this kind of indebtedness. That young lady doesn’t know how miserable the consequences will be!” 
The people nearby also found his words sensible. 
“But at the very least, we have to regard her highly now,” a scholar said. “Being able to save Dr. Quinnell Senior proves that her medical skills are indeed good.” 
Luis disagreed, “It’s just sheer luck.” 
Compared to the other party, Luis was more interested in obtaining the ancient acupuncture book from 
his student. 
Once he obtained the ancient book, his position would be secured. 
After all, when he saw Yvette applying acupuncture, he noticed that her technique was still not very 
skillful. 
But now it seemed that his chances of getting the ancient book were slim. 
Perhaps the Scott family was already one step ahead of him! 
Luis was deep in thoughts as he narrowed his eyes. 
Meanwhile, Yvette, who hurriedly returned to school, was now extremely pale from anxiety.
She called Duncan several times, but he didn’t answer. 
It seemed that the Scott family was indeed giving up on her. 
Yvette was really panicking at first. When she looked up and saw a hanging advertisement sign, her 
expression changed. 
What was she afraid of? 
The Scott family was in trouble. 
But she still had some people who were willing to support her. 
She was someone who could foresee the future. 
She muttered, “Even if the Scott family doesn’t cherish a treasure like me, there are still many people who 
do.” 
Yvette took out her phone and immediately contacted her friends. She said, “After you go to work, I will come visit you and bring you some delicious food. They say it’s tiring to be an assistant, so let me be your energy booster.” 
Del Camp And Mang 16 The Touristy 
“Besides, I have a way to make you stand out in that company,” she added. 
Yvonne, who had just finished her interview not long ago, immediately smiled. She replied, “Come here quickly. I just took a look at what the company wants me to do. As an assistant, I have to do this and that. It’s really not suitable for me.
Yvonne met Yvette through a mutual acquaintance. 
At first, she didn’t think there was anything interesting to talk about with someone from a small city, until Yvette taught her many tricks. She could even predict some things about herself. 
Yvonne instantly felt that she had found a treasure. She exclaimed, “What good idea do you have?” 
“I’ll tell you when we meet.” Yvette finally felt better. She continued, “It will definitely be a surprise for you. I remember you also have a friend who is a popular celebrity. I can make her even more popular.” 
Yvonne was confident in Yvette. Her eyes lit up as she responded excitedly, “Whatever you say must be right! That’s great. 
“She has been involved in a lot of scandals recently. Netizens kept saying that she stole someone else’s husband and even got herself pregnant. They even said that she had a miscarriage, and she was 
recuperating in the hospital.” 
She continued, “Everyone just talks about what they like. Who doesn’t like a rich and attractive man? His 
mistress isn’t as beautiful as my friend. Besides, she and the man are truly in love with each other. Yet, the public just likes to criticize her online.” 
She revealed quite a lot of information. 
First of all, she definitely stole the woman’s man. 
Secondly, she wasn’t very good at acting.
But in the entertainment industry, it all depended on how you clear your own name. 
Yvette knew a lot and could prevent things from happening. Most importantly, she could get in touch with 
Tobias. 
Wynter only saved Mr. Quinnell Senior ance and the entire Quinnell family treated her as an honored 
guest. 
If Yvette saved Tobias‘ life in front of everyone or gave him some tips, how would the Quinnell family 
react to her? 
This thought made Yvette so excited that her eyes lit up. She assured Yvonne, “Don’t you worry, Yvonne. I 
can handle all this!”
###chapter440
Chapter 440 The Scott Family Finds Out About Wynter 
“But you should try to speak less about her and that mane affaire in the future. After all, this concerns the public’s opinion, Yvette reminded 
Yvonne replied. I understand that isn’t this just a phone call between us? Her public relations company has slso issued a statement asking people not to defame her. But netizens aren’t buying it. 
“Some media companies are still camped outside the hospital, eager to know if she was pregnant since she hadn’t been discharged for so long My friend is innocent. We can’t wait to see how things go. Her reputation is in need of urgent repair now. 
Yvonne sat up straight and added. “If you can solve this issue, my friend will definitely reward you 
generously.” 
Yvette was obviously moved, but she declined the offer, saying, “There is no need for a generous reward. I mainly heard that you have been worried about this matter recently, so I wanted to help. 
“Yvette, you’re truly my best friend.” Yvonne sent several messages at once on her handphone. “Honestly, Yvette, do you know how to tell fortunes? How does everything you say seem to come true?” 
Yvette pretended to be mysterious by saying, “It’s not right for me to talk about this.” 
“I understand. I’ll introduce you to Mom and her friends. They all believe in this.” 
What Yvonne said was exactly what Yvette wanted. 
After today, it would be difficult for her to climb up the social ladder just by relying on her medical skills 
If she could make people believe she was a fortune teller, then she wouldn’t be far away from glory and
wealth. 
Wealthy people believed in fortune–telling the most. 
But what she needed most urgently now was to get in touch with Tobias! 
Yvette hung up the phone. On her screen were all Charlie’s miscalls. 
She hadn’t been answering his calls recently. 
It was because she felt that the Shepherd family was simply not influential enough in Kingbourne after 
spending more time here. 
After she rescued Tobias and got close to him, she could even marry into the Quinnell family! 
The more Yvette thought about it, the happier she felt. 
The Yarwoods had a lot of rules, unlike Tobias. 
Many people still didn’t know that the top singer and dancer was actually the sixth son of the Quinnell family. 
But she knew about it, and she could use this knowledge to get closer to him. 
“I was so stupid before, always looking for opportunities from those old men, Yvette muttered. She looked at her hands and continued. “God has given me such a good opportunity to be reborn. I should be 
bolder 
As long as her relationship with the Winston family remained unchanged, she would definitely be the
ultimate win 
#Tobias refused her offer like that guy from the Yarwood family, then she would watch the Quinnell 
family fall completely 
Anyway, if she didn’t speak, it didn’t matter even if Wynter saved Mr. Quinnell Senior. 
In less than three months, that old man was going to die anyway. 
The Quinnell family was bound to be doomed. 
Yvette narrowed her eyes. But Tobias was different. He was always liked by others, whether he was dead 
or alive. 
It would be really nice to have someone like him as her temporary booster. 
Yvette thought that after she married into the Quinnell family, she could give them hints on how to revive 
the family. 
Then, the whole Quinnell family would definitely thank her. And everything she desired would come true! 
By then, she would have the final say on how to deal with Wynter! 
Yvette was deep in her happy thoughts. 
Meanwhile, Duncan had already informed Mr., Scott Senior about today’s events.
Nothing had gone well for the Scott family recently. 
Mr. Scott Senior had a somber expression. He asked, “So, Yvette is of no use now?” 
Duncan gritted his teeth and replied, “There was a nosy young lady who interfered and singled out us 
Scott family.” 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###chapter441
Chapter 441 Wynter’s Identity Revealed 
Duncan clenched his teeth. 
“She poked her nose into our affairs and dragged our family into this.” 
Peter harbored animosity toward the term “young lady.” He leaned on his cane, his eyes were dark and 
ominous. 
“I don’t care how you do it, but you must ensure someone is working on the birth certificate. And those doctors, we need them. After all, they know the hospital channels better than anyone else.” 
“Fresh stock is urgently requested from the other side,” Peter added as he glanced at him. “Hurry up and handle it. Your brother will be back soon, and we can’t afford to have nothing in place.” 
Duncan bowed respectfully and asked, “Yes, Father. How Is Mason doing?” 
“Is there anything else that I can do?” Peter’s eyes were dangerously sharp as he continued, “I’ve already sent someone to investigate the identity of the young girl Ronan was with, and I’ll make her pay!” 
Duncan was surprised. “I thought you said she was Ronan’s niece?” 
“That’s something we need to ask the Winston family,” Peter remarked. “Logan has been missing so far, and Chad insists all he heard was that she’s the niece.” 
“Ronan has always been a local in Kingbourne. How could he possibly have a niece from Southdale?” 
“That’s what my subordinates reported.” Peter threw an envelope at him.
“They said this girl suddenly appeared in Kingbourne. She caused quite a stir in Panzarath on her first appearance. Darrell provided the photo,” Peter scoffed coldly. 
“She entered the shop, said a word, and Logan was out of the game. Instead, it ended up hurting my grandson. Does she think she can get on the Winston family’s good side just like that? The Winston family has already said they won’t protect her.” 
Peter gripped his cane tightly and added, “Once we find this person, I’ll skin her alive!” 
At that moment, Duncan had already opened the envelope and was trembling with anger at the photo inside. “It’s her! She was also the one who harmed Mason!” 
“Really?” Peter looked over. 
Duncan clenched the photo in his hand. “I can’t be mistaken. This is the face of the girl that embarrassed our family today. Not only that, she…” 
“She what?” Peter furrowed his brow. 
Duncan’s face was stern. “She has also linked us with the Gibson family case. I’m afraid to say more, as it might give us away, but no one had ever connected our family with Southdale before. If she is indeed the one who harmed Darrell, I suspect she really knows something. Every word from this young lady means something more. Since she is from Southdale, allowing her to stay in Kingbourne will definitely be a big 
problem later on.” 
Peter didn’t look closely at the photos at first.
Now, as he looked again, his frown deepened. 
He wondered if it was an illusion as he felt an inexplicable sense of familiarity, as if he had seen her face somewhere before. 
But at that moment, he couldn’t recall where he had seen her. 
Duncan continued, “The problem now is, she has the Quinnell family on her side. If we act directly, the Quinnell family will surely protect her.” 
“The Quinnell family,” Peter narrowed his eyes. The Quinnell family was different from the Winston family. 
The current Gibson family could not be compared to the Quinnell family. 
So, even in front of Fabian, Peter had to be somewhat respectful. 
After all, the power still lay with the Munns, the Kellers, and the head of the Quinnells, who was not on 
their side. 
Unlike the Winston family, interests were shared, and they wouldn’t fall out over some minor favors or 
bribes. 
Peter thought of a compromise. “Give me the phone. We’re all friends. The Quinnell family ought to show 
me some respect.” 
Chapter 442 The
###chapter442
Chapter 442 The Gibson Family Sets Their Sights on Wynter 
Peter was still full of confidence. 
Duncan immediately handed him the phone. 
They had to deal with Wynter. Testing Fabian’s intentions was the right move, especially since he had 
always protected her. 
Next time, it might be more challenging for Fabian to justify protecting her again. 
Holding the phone, Peter had different thoughts. “Walt, we need to determine if this lady truly has any predictive power or if she is merely bluffing. We can’t let the Quinnell family gain such an advantage for 
nothing.” 
“What do you suggest?” Duncan understood Peter’s approach. “Should we avoid mentioning the car 
accident?” 
Leaning on his cane, Peter said, “Apart from the Winston and Gibson families, no one else knows the details of the accident. Especially not the lady’s prophecy regarding Logan, which only Logan himself is 
aware of. Even Chad thinks she’s just bullshitting.” 
“What if she’s not? If she can provide such accurate predictions, she could be invaluable to our family. 
What then would we have to fear?” 
Peter was thrilled at the prospect.
Although Darrell was proficient in geomancy, Peter felt his results were too slow. 
Peter aimed to reach higher and faster! 
He could have completely disregarded Wynter if she hadn’t saved Fabian. 
Naturally suspicious, Peter didn’t trust such a series of coincidences. If Wynter truly had some abilities and the Gibson family alienated her, he felt the loss could be greater than any gain. 
After a moment’s thought, Peter handed the phone back. “First, investigate her thoroughly. We’ll discuss 
further once we have more clarity on her.” 
“I find that lady difficult to manage,” said Duncan, who had previously interacted with Wynter. His irritation was palpable. “She’s articulate, not someone who seems like she would work for our family 
willingly.” 
Peter leaned on his cane and chuckled softly. “You’ve been a professor for so long and still don’t get it? In this world, if the price is right, there’s nobody who won’t work for the Gibson family.” 
“Isn’t it obvious that a young lady, who probably covets power and wealth, has ulterior motives for aligning with the Quinnell family? 
“Find a chance to meet with her. If the price is negotiated properly, she will surely agree… Don’t approach her angrily, We should be polite and virtuous. If she really is capable, the Gibson family can overlook her previous misjudgments.” 
The Gibson Early Sets 1?u
Inspired by his father’s words, Duncan smirked sinisterly. “Dad, you always think one step ahead. I’ll get on with those arrangements right away.” 
However, as he walked downstairs, he passed another room. 
The idiotic voice of his son emerged, filling him with boundless hatred. 
“You! Get down and let me ride you like a horse!” 
Mason was riding the butler, laughing loudly, “You poor students, do you dare to challenge me? Do you 
even know who I am? You’re just a poor breed!” 
Some people were naturally malicious even in their stupidity. 
The butler’s hands were raw. The maid standing by had her hair messed up. It was a clear sign of 
mistreatment. 
Yet Duncan felt only pity for Mason. He stroked his head and said, “Once I capture her, you can decide 
how she dies.” 
Once intelligent and proper, Mason had always been Duncan’s pride. Now, he felt that it was all ruined. 
Duncan thought that Wynter had better truly have the skills to save herself. Otherwise, as long as his son remained impaired, he would stay by his son’s side in the Gibson family for as long as necessary.
###chapter443
Chapter 443 Preparing for the Recognition Banquet
In the evening, at the Quinnell Corporation, the Gibson family had not made their call.
Fabian was already furious. “Have I been too kind these past years, letting the Gibson family think the Quinnell family is without support?”
“The Gibson family probably doesn’t know about Wynter’s identity yet,” Alexis said. “But why would the Gibson family push for an orphan doctor? I really can’t wrap my head around this.”
Fabian fell into deep thought after listening to Alexis.
Just then, Wynter pushed open the door and entered. “Grandpa, what are you and Alexis discussing?
”
“The recent actions of the Gibson family are troubling.” Fabian looked at his beloved Wynter and added, ”
You’ve just arrived in Kingbourne, and you might not understand yet how the Gibson family works.
“I know Duncan Gibson well as a person. He appears to be a scholar on the surface, but in reality, he is extremely cunning and even has connections with some pretty influential people. Over the years, I’ve always kept my distance from him because I felt uncomfortable interacting with him.”
Leaning on his cane, Fabian made a decision
“It's time for your brother: “I understand you're concerned about what the Gibsons will do to me. I 1 said, Duncan is a cunning person. Seeing me with Alexis, he probably w immediately but would investigate me first. He might even try to recruit me.
Wynter's fingertips touched the repelling coin as her lips curved upward. “At this stage, he won't make al move against me.”
“I won't gamble on his intentions,” Fabian walked up to
Wynter. “Only when you truly return to the Quinnell
family can I rest easy.”
Wynter agreed, “I'll go along with your plans, Grandpa.”
“Excellent! That's perfect! Fabian said, his smile widening. “Alexis, hurry make sure we print plenty of invitations! And contact the media, too! And the PR department, contact them all!” Alexis was also delighted as he stood up straight. “I'll get right on it!"
 “Hold on, Wynter will need some people by her side,” Fabian stopped hi the cars too. All of them should be from the hotel's fleet for our Ms. Quin Wynter interjected, “Alexis, that's not necessary. I have Wolf. He can ha “You think I don’t know? You sent Wolf to protect your mother,”  Fabian looked at Wynter, coughing heavily. “It’s our Quinnell family who wronged the Whitman family. A perfectly fine young person came to the Quinnell family and was changed. In the end, it’s all my son’s fault. Fortunately, you came back and cured your mother.”
Wynter supported Fabian. “Grandpa, you've forgotten what I told you ag “I know, I know, don't get agitated, smile more. It's just that whenever I I Wynter followed his words. “Then I should bring up Elliot more. He has 1 contributions recently.”
“Elliot is a child of our Quinnell family. I've seen it. He's fearless when ce just too dangerous, you know, the border area.”
Wynter helped Fabian to sit down. "Elliot is a person of integrity. He’s passed the tribulations in Havenlight County. I’m sure everything will go smoothly for him in the future."
###chapter444
Chapter 444 Wynter’s Strategy 
Upon hearing this, Fabian paused. Then, he asked rather seriously, “Tell me, have you really only learned the basics of geomancy?” 
“Not exactly,” Wynter hesitated somewhat when this topic was raised. “I’m an idealist. When the old man was teaching, I didn’t study properly, but I’m definitely better than most people out there.” 
Fabian had not believed in this before. He had no concept of it, so he just mentioned, “How about when compared to Mr. Novak of Panzarath?” 
“I’m better,” Wynter replied, peeling an orange and handing half of it to Fabian. “I’m very familiar with some of Mr. Novak’s techniques. Grandpa, don’t go to him. If you really need someone to tell your fortune, the man who appeared at our hotel is good.” 
Upon hearing this, a rare look of surprise appeared on Fabian’s face. 
“Mr. Stavius!” 
“That’s him.” Wynter took a sip of tea. Her movements were pleasing to the eye. She added, “He 
has profound knowledge. I’ll invite him over if you’re interested.” 
Fabian hadn’t thought about this. He just laughed heartily. “Wynter, your abilities always surprise me. Mr. Stavius from Mt. Dragon rarely comes down from the mountain, yet you have a connection with him.” 
“I’m just average, but I think my beautiful patient is the one who has a connection with him,” Wynter spoke naturally. “They must have met numerous times by now.”
Fabian was still pondering. He recalled who that beautiful patient was. 
Since Wynter had returned, he had forgotten about Dalton. 
“Dalton,” Wynter explained. “They’re familiar,” 
Fabian suddenly felt a crisis brewing. “Wynter, although that young man from the Yarwood family is indeed handsome, handsome men are often the most prone to making mistakes…” 
“Grandpa, are you not satisfied with him?” Wynter glanced sideways. “He’s handsome, and I’m not. planning to change fiances.” 
Fabian stiffened. He didn’t understand how young people these days develop their relationships. 
But he occasionally saw netizens say never to be love–struck. He wondered if Wynter was love–struck when she said that he was handsome. 
Fabian convinced himself to stay calm and planned to discuss this with his grandsons later. 
Wynter then handed another orange over. 
Fabian tasted it. It was sour. 
Wynter didn’t realize her words had unwittingly drawn a wave of hatred towards someone. She used the 
Chapter 444 Wymer’s Stustegy 
CEO’s private elevator, wearing a baseball cap to keep a low profile. 
No one knew Wynter’s identity except for the black–clothed bodyguards that Alexis had arranged for her.
“Miss!” 
They didn’t call her Wynter, but ‘Miss‘, to make things convenient for her. 
Wynter could tell they were all trained. She recognized one of them. “Aren’t you the driver who follows Grandpa around?” 
“That’s me,” the man stepped forward. “We are all loyal to your grandfather. It would be most appropriate 
for us to protect you.” 
Wynter fiddled with her amethyst pendant. “What’s your name?” 
“Zack,” the man replied with a deep voice. 
Wynter looked back and then turned around. “Two of you can follow me. The rest can go protect Grandpa, but change the setup this time. Protect him from the shadows as instruct. In half a month, I need to 
know who has tried to get close to him.” 
Wolf had smelled the scent on Naomi, which didn’t match what had caused Fabian’s illness.
###chapter445
Chapter 445 The Strange Vagabond. 
Wynter was always concerned about one thing. Although it appeared that the crisis was over and that Fiona’s special team was under investigation now, there was still an indefinable sense of discord. 
She needed to ensure that Fabian was completely safe. Since the threat came from an Insider, vigilance. was crucial. 
Zack looked up suddenly after hearing Wynter’s comments. “You mean to say. 
“I didn’t say anything” Wynter glanced at the other black–clad bodyguards nearby. “You’ve been with Grandpa the longest, and just so you know, I’ve looked into you.” 
Zack paused. 
Wynter’s voice was low and calm as she spoke, “Every time he wants to see me, someone leaks the information regarding our meeting. That means someone around him is breaking the rules.” 
“Yes, Mr. Quinnell Senior is also investigating this matter,” Zack replied. 
Wynter’s eyes darkened. “Grandpa is a sentimental person. He subconsciously overlooks those who have suffered with him. Zack, my order is simple. Keep him well protected.” 
Zack understood the hint in her words. “Rest assured, Miss. I will.” 
“You’re the only one who knows the specific rotation for the bodyguards. For the others, position them one by one,” Wynter instructed as she was about to hail a cab. 
Just then, she noticed a commotion in the company lobby. She gestured for the bodyguards to disperse on the spot and walked towards the other side of the company building.
“I want to see your chairman!” 
The shout came from a vagabond holding a broken bowl with a QR code. He was causing a scene. 
The receptionist tried to soothe him gently, “Your attire doesn’t meet our company’s standards.” 
“Why does my clothing matter?” The vagabond saw security approaching and dusted off his clothes.” Fine, then give this to your chairman for me.” 
He slapped a wooden box on the counter and was about to leave. His appearance was somewhat abnormal, attracting the employees‘ attention on the first floor. No one dared to check what was inside the box, let alone hand it directly to Fabian. Such an unusual occurrence had to be reported to the general office first. 
Someone had already called Alexis, seeking advice on how to deal with the situation. 
Seeing that the vagabond was about to leave, Wynter stepped forward and stopped him, “Wait a minute, sir, why do you want to see the chairman right away?” 
The vagabond was shrewd. He wore an expression which suggested he didn’t want to talk 
Chapter 445 The Straty Vagabond 
Wynter lifted her phone and sent a hundred dollars to him by scanning the QR code. “Is this how we can get you to start talking?” 
Hearing the notification of funds received, the vagabond’s eyes lit up. “Thank you, that’s very kind of you.” 
“Tell me, what’s with the wooden box?” Wynter stopped him at the doorway, away from the center of the
commotion. 
The vagabond knew how to pique her interest. “Today, I was just performing on the street when 
someone… 
He looked at Wynter. 
Wynter’s gaze intensified, “Are you looking for more money?” 
“I haven’t eaten for days. How about we sit down and talk?” 
The vagabond thought of seizing the opportunity to scrounge for money. 
That was why he agreed when someone asked him to deliver something to the Quinnell family. He never expected it would be so challenging to get in. 
He didn’t want to face another lawsuit and thought about slipping away quickly. 
But here was a naive, wealthy lady, which he thought was easy to exploit. 
“I get dizzy and forgetful when I’m hungry. Look at me, oh, what was it again?” The vagabond continued his act and feigned forgetfulness. 
Wynter smiled slyly. “Then come with me. It’s time for you to eat something. It’s not good for you to 
starve.” 
“How lucky am I to meet a great person like you!” 
The vagabond was delighted. He was unaware of the events that would soon make him swear off scamming people for money again….
###chapter446
Chapter 446 Making Wynter’s Life Difficult at the Quinnells 
There was a bakery near the building. 
Wynter was dragging a large bag of bread. She looked down at the expressive vagabond, and said, “Eat.” 
“I.. I cant eat anymore, hic!” 
The vagabond was leaning against the wall. The bread in his mouth caused him to hiccup continuously, not knowing what tricks Wynter had played on him. 
He laughed uncontrollably, “Ha ha ha, hic!” 
“I don’t want to know anymore.” Wynter stuffed another piece of bread into his mouth. “It’s important to eat, being hungry is bad.” 
The vagabond felt like dying, “I, hic! I was wrong! Young, young lady, I…” 
Only then did Wynter reach out and remove a needle from his body. 
The vagabond collapsed in the corner and gasped for air, drenched in cold sweat. 
Wynter’s voice was soft and detached. “I’m running out of patience. Don’t beat around the bush. Speak 
directly.” 
on who “The person 
o gave me this, I really didn’t know who it was. I was lying down at the time and didn’t manage to look up. The person told me to take it to the Quinnell building. Then, I was given a thousand dollars in cash.”
The vagabond said while pulling out all the money he received at dawn. “I’m really telling 
the truth.” 
“What’s inside the wooden box?” Wynter glanced at him. 
The vagabond averted his gaze. “I don’t know.” 
Wynter didn’t bother to argue. She just lifted the bread in her hand again. 
The vagabond quickly said, “It’s just a few wooden sticks and a piece of yellow paper, like those used for fortune–telling.” 
“Divination sticks,” Wynter guessed immediately. 
The vagabond nodded, “Seems like it.” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow and asked, “Aren’t you worried about bringing such things here? You could catch some bad luck from the Quinnell family or even get nabbed by the police.” 
The vagabond looked around and whispered, “Well, I can read stuff like these. The divination was ominous, specifically mentioning Ms. Sevie of the Quinnell family. They definitely wouldn’t want something like that getting out. They won’t cause me any trouble. Actually, they might even pay me a good sum to keep quiet.” 
“You seem to know quite a bit,” Wynter said as she toyed with a silver needle. “Tell me more about what’s 
(Chapter 426 Maknu hynter V–Lite pi?ault ist the thi 
written on those sticks.”
The vagabond was scared now. He cautiously said, “The stick says that Ms. Sevie of the Quinnell family is a calamitous loner who brings misfortune to her relatives. Anyone connected to her will be plagued by Illness, especially her parents and siblings, who will be disastrously affected. Their businesses will fail miserably, and their academic pursuits will flounder.” 
Wynter latened as if all this was unrelated to her. 
She lowered her gaze and chewed a mint candy before casually saying, “Every divination has a solution. What about this one?” 
“It says there’s no solution,” the vagabond responded. “Imagine, the Quinnell family found such a person. If they knew her fate, would they dare acknowledge her in front of other noble families?” 
Wynter pondered his words, “So, the person who sent you with this doesn’t want the Quinnell family to acknowledge Ms. Sevie?” 
The vagabond was confused momentarily and wondered if that was what he implied. 
“You’re quite clever,” Wynter smirked. 
The vagabond was left speechless as he didn’t say anything. 
At that moment, Wynter suddenly grabbed his collar. A chilling pressure enveloped him. Wynter remarked, “You have surely seen the person who gave you this. They taught you to say what you just said. Let me guess how they instructed you. They probably said, no matter who asks, you should stick to this story.” 
Wynter smirked. “The goal isn’t really to deliver a wooden box, but to spread the word, from one to ten, from ten to a hundred, letting all Quinnell employees kn
###chapter447
Chapter 447 The Gorgeous and Impressive Wynter 
“Let me guess, the one thousand dollars is just a deposit, right? The bulk of the money should be yours after you’ve spread the word.” 
Wynter’s gaze was intensely dark. She resembled a demon walking out of hell in the absence of sunlight as she continued, “You don’t really think I believed what you just told me, do you? Divination isn’t something that can be understood and solved by many.” 
“I, I…” The vagabond panicked as cold sweat formed on his forehead. 
This was not going as he had expected. In his mind, no matter how clever a young lady was, she shouldn’t have been able to deduce the entire situation. He was shocked by how she was able to guess everything 
correctly! 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “I’ll give you one last chance. Who instructed you to deliver the wooden box?” 
“I don’t know, she wore a black cloak. She was very intimidating. Although she used a voice changer, I could tell she was a woman… Yes, just a… I am guilty.” The vagabond’s demeanor began to falter. 
Wynter immediately lifted his arm to check it. 
The vagabond’s expression changed, “God will surely punish me. I have committed an unforgivable sin.“. 
Suddenly, he looked at Wynter and felt terrified. “Shush! Don’t speak, it’s not safe, God might hear us!”
“I am guilty,” the vagabond said as he began hitting his own head. “Why did I start spouting nonsense? Why did I start spouting nonsense!” 
Seeing this, Wynter pressed the needle down on his arm swiftly in and out. 
Finally, the vagabond calmed down, though he was not yet back to his senses. 
Wynter observed a small bulge on his arm. Her eyes deepened. She bit her finger, then sliced the vagabond’s, and the bulge scurried towards her. 
It was a tiny creature trying to find a new host, drawn by the allure of enticing blood. Unfortunately, it met 
its demise upon contact with Wynter. 
Wynter looked coldly at the creature. It seemed like it had been burned when she pulled up her sleeve. 
The vagabond lay sprawled out as he was clearly disturbed. He wouldn’t be able to spread any rumors. He was shivering and soon knew nothing more. 
“Hand him over to the police.” Wynter gestured for the bodyguard to appear and immediately called Alexis. “Don’t touch that wooden box.” 
“It hasn’t been touched.” Alexis was reliable as always. “You’ve said before. Everything must be checked first before going into Mr. Quinnell Senior’s office.” 
Wynter took one last look at the vagabond. “Alexis, has Grandpa ever done divination based on my birth my birth chart?” 
Chapter 44: The Comorian 24
“Mr. Quinnell Senior doesn’t believe in these things,” Alexis responded quickly, then added, “Mr. Quinnell Senior would definitely listen to anything you say, but he doesn’t believe in other things. The Yarwood family did look into it, though.” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “It was Master Atwater who did the divination, saying marrying me would bring Dalton good fortune.” 
“Yes. Alexis nodded. 
Wynter didn’t say it was just Fabian’s doing to find her suitable matches. 
“Inside the wooden box is a divination about me…” Wynter explained the vagabond’s situation. “Let’s not wonder whether the divination is true or false for now. There are people in Kingbourne who use creatures like that. Both you and Grandpa must be careful. Nobody should touch that wooden box, I’m on my way.” 
Alexis’s expression grew serious. “I’ll wait for you in the reception hall.” 
Nobody dared to touch the wooden box after such an incident at the company. Everything was too eerie.. 
They all watched as an incredibly gorgeous woman approached. She single–handedly pried open the wooden box and pulled out three divination sticks and a yellow paper..
###chapter448
Chapter 448 It is Time for the Brothers to Come Back 
People craned their necks to look, not to peer at the s Inside the box, but to catch a glimpse of the gorgeous woman! 
Her figure was excellent, with long, straight legs and a dazzling smile. 
She was none other than Wynter. 
“It is indeed very ominous,” Wynter said as she handed the divination sticks to Alexis. 
Alexis looked at the divination sticks and became indignant. “Fakes/ 
Since Wynter returned, she had revitalized the company’s hotel, not to mention the arrangements she had made for the family previously! Without her, Fabian would likely be confined to the ICU by now, as she had saved him several times. 
And there was Elliot, who had been rescued from the cellar. She wondered how such a divination could be interpreted in a way that was so wrong! 
“Where did these divination sticks even come from!” Alexis looked at the employees and ordered, “Go 
find out!” 
Wynter took the wooden box. “Leave the investigation to me, Alexis. Just keep Grandpa safe.” 
“You shouldn’t take the divination seriously. In the past ten years, the happiest thing that’s ever happened to Mr. Quinnell Senior was being able to bring you back.” 
Alexis didn’t want the family to become suspicious of each other over a piece of divination, so he explained.
Hearing this, Wynter smiled. “Alexis, I’m not that petty. It’s clearly someone trying to create discord. But there is one thing that really concerns me.” 
“What?” Alexis couldn’t help but ask. 
Wynter spoke slowly, ‘These are divinations from Mt. Dragon. They are real.” 
Alexis paused as he knew what that meant. If rumors were to spread, the impact on the Quinnell family’s public image could destabilize the corporation’s stock. 
He pondered who would go to such lengths to cause the Quinnell family harm! 
Alexis realized the severity of the situation, and his expression turned dark. He took the divination sticks from Wynter. 
Fabian was furious but also realized there might be aspects he hadn’t considered. He posted the divination in The Bandits group chat without a second thought. 
The group’s name had been humorously changed to “The Bandits Save Grandpa.” 
“Everyone, take a look, they’re using this against Wynter.” 
Chapter 4481 Time for the Biolie. 
Fablan recounted the issue, including how disdainful the Scott family was of Wynter. 
The chat exploded Instantly. 
“Was I showing too much respect to the Scotts?” 
“I just happen to have a lawsuit against the Scott family. I’ll take it to the public now.”
“What nonsense divination, such feudal superstition should not be encouraged.” 
Wynter’s brothers lost their composure whenever she was involved in something, except for Sebastian, who was nitpicking the words. 
“This divination is indeed very real.” 
Toby the Celebrity: “What do you mean? Are you saying the divination is credible?” 
Attorney Seb: “Don’t go around saying you’re my brother if you’re so obtuse.” 
Attorney Seb: “Hmm, not many people could get Wynter’s exact birth time.” 
? ? ? 
Attorney Seb: “Look inside the family.” 
A–lister Rowan: “This is no simple matter. I’m coming back.” 
Attorney Seb: “You sold yourself to the Yarwoods. Do you think it’s appropriate to call yourself a Quinnell 
heir? 
CEO Albert: “Grandpa, isn’t it time for us to go back? It’s been long enough. Wynter is alone in Kingbourne, and she needs our support.” 
Fabian looked at the texts with a warm smile on his face. He planned to clarify the matter of succession 
at this gathering. 
Attorney Seb: “Wynter is the most suitable to take charge, I’ll be the legal adviser.”
A–lister Rowan: “I’ll be the spokesperson, I have a good public reputation.” 
CEO Albert: “I’ve got the overseas business, Wynter can rest easy.” 
Fabian smiled. “Then pack up and come back, everyone. The Quinnells are in a disarray. I’m not at ease. with you all abroad. I missed all of you, too.”
###chapter449
Chapter 449 Going to Tobias at the Set 
Fabian would not have said such a thing in the past. Since Wynter’s return, his way of dealing with things had changed significantly. He seemed to have become gentler. He spoke openly about his concerns, fearing someone might harm his grandsons abroad. 
Over the phone, all six Quinnell heirs could feel that deep affection, 
Toby the Celebrity: “Grandpa, I’m just in the suburbs. I recently joined a variety show and will finish recording soon, then I’ll come back.” 
Tobias is stubborn and dislikes relying on his family. Being a top celebrity meant having many fans and haters. Any minor actions could be magnified. 
Just as Tobias stood up, Jacqueline introduced someone to him. “This is your new assistant, Yvonne.” 
“A new assistant?” 
Tobias’s warmth was reserved for family. On set, his personality and looks gave off an overly handsome aloofness with a faint hint of coldness. “Jacqueline, why did you change my assistant again?” 
Jacqueline adjusted his clothing. “She’s just an intern. She will follow you for a couple of days. Why do you think so? Don’t think I don’t know about you sneaking out last time. You’re too familiar with the crew. It’s not good for you.” 
“I refuse to change assistants.” Tobias glanced at the blue–haired woman. 
He put his hands in his pocket and displayed a rebellious profile. He disliked how the new assistant looked at him as if she wanted to cling to him. It reminded him of the crazy fans he encountered at the
airport 
Jacqueline frowned and spoke slowly, “Everyone is watching, so don’t make a scene. If you really want to change assistants again, wait a few days.” 
Tobias squinted at the camera across from him and said nothing more. He just asked the makeup artist to apply some lip balm on him. He then wore a soft, fuzzy sweater to record a promotional video. 
Every variety show required prep work before filming. 
Standing nearby, Yvone was thrilled. Tobias had always looked handsome on TV, but she felt he was even more outstanding in person! 
The Yogi family in Kingbourne also had some wealth and often encountered minor celebrities. However, they were all too effeminate. 
DE FE & S 
She thought that Tobias was different. 
Yvonne was so excited she forgot her actual job. 
Jacqueline glanced at her and reminded, “Keep up. Tobias drinks a lot of water. Always have his water bottle ready” 
Yvonne was somewhat annoyed at Jacqueline ordering her around. If it werent for her need to get close to Toblas, she wondered who would take such a jobl 
The set was nolsy, and nobody paid attention to a small assistent.
Yvonne seized the moment to take a picture and sent it to Yvette. “Donel” 
Some people began to take notice of Tobias. 
But nobody knew that Marie was among those who had applied this time and joined the crew together. 
Assigned to protect Marie, Wolf smelled something unusual as soon as he arrived. 
Without a second thought, Wolf sent a message to Wynter, “This place stinks, not tasty.” 
When Wynter received the message, she had just handed the wooden box to Abel. She furrowed her brows. She knew that a place even Wolf found distasteful must have serious issues. 
Usually, with Wolf accompanying Marie, Wynter would not worry about anything. 
But now, she did have some concerns. She looked at Abel and said, “Check the source of the wooden box. I need to know who else could use these creatures. Also, keep a close eye on Mr. Rathbone.” 
“Yes,” Abel said thoughtfully as he took on the task. 
Watching Wynter ready to ride off on a motorcycle, Abel added, “Wynter, Grandpa is still in a daze. He can hardly believe your identity.” 
“Mr. Lopez Senior will get used to it, tell him I’m not transferring schools, it won’t affect my grades. 
With that, Wynter snapped on her black helmet and sped toward the filming location in the suburbs…
###chapter450
Chapter 450 Danger Approaches, Unknown to Tobias 
In the suburban filming location, high–definition drones were hidden high in the sky. 
They were there for a costume fitting and to walk through the process, but the live broadcast had already started. 
The nation’s hottest reality show, “Ultimate Survival“, had gathered a massive fan base since the airing of its first season. 
Its down–to–earth and bizarre content had created countless Internet sensations. Therefore, when it was announced that the second season was coming, it immediately topped the trending searches. 
It was unprecedented. Just after notifying the guests, filming started right away. No reaction time was given to the guests as they aimed for authenticity! 
Right after Tobias finished his shot and was about to get up, someone called, “Mr. Quinnell, don’t go yet. Here is your task card.” 
“Task card?” Tobias raised an eyebrow. 
His blue hair made his face look particularly enchanting on camera. 
The on–site director nodded. 
Tobias unfolded it, and a line of real–time subtitles appeared on the screen. “Congratulations, my guest. Welcome to the second season of Ultimate Survival. The show officially starts now. For the sake of authenticity, from this moment, each guest will have only one cameraperson following them. If you feel unwell during filming, you can press the emergency button to exit…
Tobias glanced sideways at Jacqueline. “It has already started?” 
“Yes, Mr. Quinnell.” 
Tobias tilted his head and smiled wryly. This really caught him off guard. 
As the camera zoomed in, fans watching the show were already enamored with his charm. 
Jacqueline had also only received the news just before coming. But she trusted Tobias’s ability to adapt on the fly. Even if the filming started suddenly, she believed he could still shine. 
The new guests on the show weren’t as calm. The actress from the first season was already used to the show’s unconventional approach. She knew this was the only way it could maintain lasting popularity. 
Some newcomers were literally frozen in place on the spot. 
One of them was an idol star who often competed with Tobias for endorsements, Zane Lawton. Holding foreign citizenship, he had gained countless fans with a single youth thriller film. In reality, though, his acting was somewhat cringe–worthy. Therefore, his genuine emotions were not well hidden in front of th 
camera. 
Chapter 450 Banger Approac 
The on–site director explained, “Mr. Lawton, rest assured, it will definitely not overlap with your other schedules. We’ve already coordinated with your agent. 
“She’s useless,” he scoffed coldly. “Aren’t you afraid my fans will make a fuss out of this?”
Whether the fans would make a fuss or not was unknown, but his attitude was clear to everyone on the Internet. The directors exchanged glances as they felt a delicate tension. 
Everyone had assumed that if anyone were going to make things difficult, it would be Tobias, given his many scandals. 
Unexpectedly, the first to cause a scene was Zane, known as a gentleman of high social standing! The Lawton family was well–off, and as a returnee who supposedly had a strong network in the capital, even his fans who had been praising him were momentarily speechless. 
Ultimate Survival thrived on this effect. There was no hype, no filters, just the real celebrities themselves. Hence, artists with dubious characters should really think twice before joining outdoor shows, especially unscripted ones like this, as it was easy to expose themselves. 
Zane’s agent was still on the scene and couldn’t let things go too far, quickly signaling him to look up! 
“This is a live show, darling.” 
“These are raw emotions. Tobias is too fake!”
###chapter451
Chapter 451 Crashing Ultimate Survival 
One of the viewers commented, “I’d like to see if Kina could be as cocky as he is now during the mission.” 
The highlight of Ultimate Survival was the missions given to the participants, who had to choose a non- celebrity to partner with for the missions. 
The missions would occur in real–life locations like ancient castles or school compounds. Either way, the locations were bound to have some hidden story, and the participants were required to piece it together. 
The first location for this season’s Ultimate Survival was kept secret. The participants would find out at the same time as the audience, which added suspense to the show. 
“I can’t wait to see how the participants this season will farel” someone commented. 
“I wonder who this season’s MVP will be?” another asked. 
As the online discussion grew wilder, concerned remarks began to pipe up here and there. Most of these remarks were directed at Lucy Banks, who had been trending for the last two years. 
She had been hospitalized until recently due to poor health. The crew of Ultimate Survival had told her she could skip out on this season and wait for the next while she recuperated, but Lucy didn’t want to miss the chance of appearing on a show that was so popular. 
More importantly, she wanted to dispel the rumors about her. She didn’t want anyone to suspect that she had been pregnant before coming onto the show.
Lucy’s fingers intertwined. She didn’t look too bad, though her make–up barely concealed the greenish shadows under her eyes. 
Even so, she smiled brightly and said, “Wow, you sure know how to work a set, Mr. Lyons!” 
The viewers were showering her with praise on the streaming platform. 
The managing teams for the celebrities were about ten feet away from the set. When shooting for Ultimate Survival suddenly started, the assistants were in a frenzy. 
That was when Marie stepped up and handled everything Ursula threw at her. Despite her workload, Marie was clear–headed and did not utter a word of complaint. 
Little did Marie know, Tobias was being filmed just a wall away from her. 
While Marie was an assistant on paper, her age meant that she largely ran errands, including ordering 
lunch for the team. 
In her haste, she didn’t notice that Wolf, who had been following her around and carrying things 
had suddenly stopped in his tracks. 
for her, 
Marie handed the takeout containers to another staff member who was on duty. Just as she was about to open one for Wolf, he pointed at Lucy, who was the closest to them. 
He then signed to Marie, “I don’t like her scent. I’ve smelled it somewhere before. It’s okay if I go near her, 
Chapter 451 Crashing Uimate Survival
but you should stay away from her.” 
He eyed Marie solemnly before emphasizing, “You can’t go near her, Mrs. Quinnell.” 
Marie laughed and ruffled Wolf’s hair affectionately. “I won’t, Wolf. Now, I bet you’re hungry after working alongside me the whole morning. Shall we eat?” 
Wolf nodded and grabbed the container from her. He crouched down and scarfed his food down. 
Normally, one might be worried that a child his age would cause trouble on set. However, Wolf was 
different. 
The crew loved him and his chubby cheeks, not to mention his wide–eyed gaze. It helped that his incredible strength came in handy when moving equipment. 
Seeing as the shooting site was to the west, the crew decided to leave Wolf be. 
Wolf ate with gusto. He wasn’t fussy either and often showed up when he was summoned. 
One of the directors had taken a liking to Wolf. He was just about to go over and tease Wolf when the 
little boy suddenly straightened up and stared into the distance with bright eyes. 
There was a low rumbling of an engine that came from the other side of the wall. 
It was Wynter. She had followed the directions Wolf had sent her and showed up on her motorbike. 
She was wearing black pants and a white hoodie and had one foot pushing against the ground to steady 
herself after killing the motorbike’s engine.
She moved with such an easy grace that everyone couldn’t help but glance in her direction.
###chapter452
Chapter 452 Another Famous Moment 
Wolf was grinning on the other side of the wall, practically buzzing with excitement. 
Wynter considered asking the staff for directions, but she had no idea that the camera was on her. The directors and audience saw only a young lady perched atop a motorbike. 
She had one foot pressing against the ground to help her maintain her balance on the bike and one hand on the handle. Her free hand was busy typing out a text message. 
Whoever it was she had texted, she seemed to have gotten no reply. She tapped her slender fingers against the handle, drumming a slow rhythm. Her profile looked flawless under the lights. 
The camera lingered on her, reluctant to pan away. She was beautiful, like an aloof temptress or a siren. Her eyes were dark and depthless, and she had a small mole under her eye. 
When she looked up, the comments section went wild. 
“I demand to know everything about her right now!” someone said. 
“Is she a new celebrity from another entertainment agency? I’ve never seen her before.” 
“Ladies, I just checked. She’s not in showbiz.” 
The viewers drew a sharp breath in disbelief. How could anyone who looked as gorgeous as Wynter not 
be in showbiz? 
“Is she a non–celebrity guest invited by the crew?” someone else mused.
When Dexter Lyons, the director, saw the comments flooding in, he immediately said into his microphone, “Can the production assistant please have that young lady join our show?” 
The viewers were shocked by this. One of them commented, “Mr. Lyons is a legend for inviting that young 
lady on the spot!” 
Having received instructions, the production assistant hurried up to Wynter and handed her a business 
card. 
“On behalf of the crew of Ultimate Survival, I would like to formally invite you to join this season’s challenge–if you’re interested, that is.” 
Someone in the comments warned, “No, don’t go! Ultimate Survival is brutal. I remember one of the non- 
celebs getting spooked right off the bat in the first season!” 
to turn down 
Wynter took the business card and considered it. She was going the offer, given how she never watched variety shows like Ultimate Survival due to her busy schedule and side business. 
However, when she looked up and sensed a cold familiarity in the vicinity, she narrowed her eyes in contemplation. She then smiled and said to the production assistant, “I’m game. Could you brief me the rules?” 
“This way, please,” the production assistant said happily, his eyes gleaming as he realized how much 
e on
Chapter 457 Another Famous Moment. 
prettier Wynter looked up close. 
However, he wondered if he had seen her elsewhere before. There was something familiar about her face. 
Meanwhile, Wolf had seen everything from where he was perched on the top of the wall. His ears perked up when he heard Wynter agreeing to join the show. 
Before he climbed down from the wall, he received a text from Wynter that read, “You’ve got pasta on your face.” 
He checked his reflection in the phone camera and did not see pasta on his face. Trust Wynter to tease 
him like that. 
When the production assistant noticed Wolf perching on the high wall, she nearly screamed at him to get down. However, she was spared from doing so when he scurried down and gazed up at her inquisitively 
The production manager let out a sigh of relief, but she was also baffled by Wolf’s incredible stunt. 
While Wynter was being escorted onto set by the production assistant, Yvonne got her instructions from Yvette through text. 
Yvette reminded her, “Whether or not you become famous hinges on this, Yvonne. If everything goes to plan, they’ll be hosting the first challenge of the season in an abandoned children’s hospital. 
“You’re Kina’s assistant now, so ask for a chance to be on the show. Go in and tell Kina to choose you as his partner. You’ll win this round for sure.”
Yvonne was confused, but curiosity got the better of her as she quickly replied, “Me? Be a non– celebrity guest? But my co–uh, friend, is also a guest on the show.” 
“I’m sure she’ll understand,” Yvette encouraged. “If anything, you could keep an eye out on Yvonne while you accomplish your dreams of becoming famous. I’ll be in the audience outside feeding you answers. You have two lifelines, don’t you?” 
Yvonne looked up at her cousin, Lucy, who was beloved by everyone. She wanted that kind of attention 
100. 100. 
Besides, Yvonne was just as pretty as Lucy. She could probably launch herself into stardom with this 
show. She deserved better than to be an assistant forever. 
She did not hesitate as she reached out to her family and found herself stepping onto the first shooting 
spot.
###chapter453
Chapter 453 Meeting Tobias 
The celebrity guests of the season were arranged to be in different areas of the set, where they would remain blindfolded until they arrived at the filming location. 
The non–celebrity guests, on the other hand, were led to the filming location by production assistants, 
without blindfolds. 
Yvonne gaped at the building before her with wide eyes. Yvette had been right. The first challenge of this season was indeed at an abandoned children’s hospital! 
s of 
Despite having grown up in Kingbourne. Yvonne didn’t know that such a place existed on the outskirts town. The hospital building was in various stages of disrepair, and the grass outside had grown unkempt. 
The place must have been abandoned for years. 
Given that Ultimate Survival was filmed in real–life locations, one would think that part of the production 
funds would go into restoring a chosen site to its former glory. 
However, with the exterior of the children’s hospital left untouched, the building looked like it had been 
frozen in time. 
Among the celebrity cast for the season, Aimee Priestley, the box office queen, was the last to arrive. 1
She pulled off her blindfold and took in the building before her. She then asked with faint amusement, “Is the crew trying to scare off the newbies before we start rolling?” 
Standing next to her was Oli who surmised confidently. “A hospital, huh? Ten to one the challenge involves a medical emergency. I know how this story goes.” 
Tobias was the third to arrive. After removing his blindfold, he greeted Aimee and Oliver politely. “Hey 
there, Aimee, Oliver.” 
Oliver chuckled, replying, “Good day, Mr. Quinnell.” 
His short and distant greeting implied enough. He and latter could. 
Tobias were not as also that the 
address him on a first–name basis. 
Oliver’s stance changed when Zane arrived. Draping an arm over Zane’s shoulders, Oliver asked jovially. Hey, Zane, when are you going to come over for a drink? I’ll get my missus to make her house specialty.” 
“My schedule’s pretty free these days,” Zane answered, laughing as he cast a sidelong look at Tobias. 
When it came to sidelining others, celebrities had it down to an art form. It was always subtle digs here. and there, but they would never get into an actual fight on camera. 
Zane sounded mildly disinterested as he said, “Oh, good to see you here, Mr. Quinnell.” 
“Well, imagine how many sponsors we’d lose if he weren’t here,” Oliver said. His backhanded compliment was instantly recognized by those in the entertainment industry.
As a youn 
and influential new star, Tobias was practically a commercial powerhouse. However, with his 
Chapter 453 Meeting Tobias 
formidable background, he could accidentally take over someone else’s endorsement deal. 
Oliver was one such example. He had been holding a grudge against Tobias since losing out on an 
endorsement deal to the latter. 
Oliver also couldn’t help drawing comparisons between Tobias and Zane, the latter of whom was also a 
scion. 
Zane never overstepped his boundaries and was humble enough to always ask for permission or approval before taking something from his seniors in the Industry. 
If Tobias hadn’t belonged to such a powerful entertainment agency, Oliver would have destroyed his career long ago. 
Oliver hated that Tobias would take on any deal that came his way. He left nothing for the rest of them, 
not even crumbs. 
As for Aimee, she had been in the industry for long enough to know Tobias was being sidelined. She would defend him, but she didn’t think it was worth souring her relationship with the others on set. 
At any rate, Tobias was merely a pretty boy idolized by a specific fanbase. He hadn’t starred in any notable screen work or held a concert before, and he would never make it big in showbiz if he didn’t
have the right resources. 
Oliver had already decided that he would make Tobias‘ time on Ultimate Survival a living hell. 
Zane, on the contrary, had a wide fanbase and hailed from a powerful background. 
At this point, Tobias was going to be the sacrificial lamb of the season. If he backed out now, he could probably still preserve his dignity and popularity. 
Meanwhile, the audience wasn’t so oblivious that they had missed the tension between the celebrities Just as the fans were about to break out in a cyber war, Lucy showed up onsite. 
She had lost so much weight that she looked almost ghastly, but she was blithely unaware of this. A widel grin spread across her face as she bounded up to the other guests, 
“Sorry I’m late, guys!” 
Lucy had yet to turn around and see where they were filming the first challenge. She launched herself at Aimee and linked arms with her. “Hey, Aimee! Have you all chosen your partners already?” 
Aimee bristled at the physical contact. She found Lucy’s behavior in showbiz rather distasteful, but she gave Lucy a polite smile that was customary of a veteran actress and said, “No, we’re still waiting for Mr. Lyons to brief us.” 
“Oh, good. Anyway, where are we filming this-” Lucy turned around and froze when she saw the children’s hospital looming up behind her. 
The only 
one who knew how terrified she was of children’s hospitals was her personal assistant. 
“Now that everyone’s here, please choose your non–celeb partner for the challenge!”
Cuple: 454 Choosing Partners
###chapter454
Chapter 454 Choosing Partners 
One of the viewers commented excitedly. “Finally! They’re choosing their partners!” 
While the show claimed the candidates for the celebrity guests‘ partners were chosen at random, in reality, the directors had hand–picked each of them. 
Ultimate Survival played off the origins of its filming locations, which were tweaked as part of the challenge. 
Piecing the story together with what talent the celebrities had was tough work, and sometimes required professional knowledge or skill. 
With the children’s hospital as the filming location of this season, the candidates were undoubtedly chosen for their medical backgrounds or knowledge. 
The viewers were already guessing who were the candidates that had been chosen this season. 
Before long, the director instructed, “Ladies and gentlemen, before you are five candidates and only those who have matched on the system will pair up for the challenge. 
“The candidates‘ information is displayed on the screen. Two of them are medical students while the remaining three have different majors and professions. Please choose your candidate based on your experience 
Everyone’s expression shifted upon hearing this except for Tobias“. 
Oliver, who was a returning guest and therefore had experience from the last season, knew exactly what he had to focus on in variety shows–getting more screentime.
That, and not becoming dead weight. Screentime and making oneself useful were what the audience looked for in an Ultimate Survival participant.. 
If Oliver chose the right candidate to help him with this challenge, he might become a trending figure during this season’s filming and make his investors see his worth. The lucrative endorsement deals would then start to pile up on his doorstep! 
Zane and Aimee thought the same. However, Lucy was ashen–faced and absentminded. Choosing the right candidate was obviously the last thing on her mind. 
The viewers‘ comments began flooding in. “Picking the medical students will pay off nicely this round.” 
“Well, duh! From what I know, choosing the right candidate will boost your chances of success by 50%!” 
“Come on, guys, be realistic. The non–celebrity guests get to choose too. They might not match with the celebrities who chose them” 
“The guest who gets first pick will be at an advantage, for sure.” 
“Look! The candidates‘ information is out!” 
With a whoosh, the information for each candidate appeared in bulletin form on the large screen before 
Chapter 454 Choosing Partners 
the celebrity guests. 
The first non–celebrity guest was a 25–year–old man named Joshua Geller, a civil engineering major. 
The second was a 20–year–old woman named Cecilia Callahan, a clinical doctor.
As soon as the words “clinical doctor” popped up on the screen, the viewers went wild. 
“Guys, do my eyes deceive me? Is Cecilia Callahan the popular streamer I’ve been following for ages?” 
“Hot damn! I think that’s Cecilia Ceil! The information adds up!” 
“Cecilia Ceil? I’ve come across her channel before. Isn’t she really good at diagnosing patients?” 
“I thought influencers would never show their faces in public! I can’t believe she actually signed up for a variety show. She has guts, I’ll give her that!” 
“I’ve met Cecilia before. She’s gorgeous and angelic, but I think she’s got nothing on the celebrities.” 
“Hey, don’t speak too soon. Whoever gets paired up with her for this challenge will win the lottery!” 
The celebrity guests could not see the comments from these viewers, of course, but professional judgment honed from his years in showbiz had Oliver setting his eyes on Cecilia. 
“I think this young lady has the perfect profession for this challenge.” Oliver chuckled, already eager to 
make his choice. “Hope you won’t mind if I choose her, Zane.” 
Zane shook his head. “Sorry, Oliver, but we get to choose according to our assigned numbers. That means I get first pick.” He had been assigned as number one. 
With the Lawtons being one of Ultimate Survival’s backers, Zane was able to pull some strings for himself.
Oliver had been in showbiz long enough to understand Zane’s implication. “In that case, I’ll opt for the third non–celebrity guest who also graduated medical school with honors!”
###chapter455
Chapter 455 Sibling Partnership 
The third candidate on the screen was Horace Barlowe, a middle–aged surgeon. He was a bespectacled man with plain looks and of average height. But most importantly, he boasted an exceptional track record 
as a doctor. 
The viewers mused in their comments, “The second and third candidates seem to be the best in the 
arsenal.” 
The fourth candidate was Yvonne, whose information revealed that she majored in media 
communications. There was nothing particularly interesting about her until she declared loudly, “Pick me, 
Kina! I’ll help you win!” 
Yvonne’s shout–out only put unwanted attention on Tobias. 
Zane pointed out somewhat sarcastically, “Your fans sure are enthusiastic, Mr. Quinnell. Not everyone. 
can participate in Ultimate Survival, you know.” 
Once the audience heard this, they would think the production team was swayed by Tobias when it came to choosing their candidates. 
The keyboard warriors began to attack Tobias. “Pretty boys from the slow class should just stay home instead of embarrassing themselves on Ultimate Survival. An infatuated fanbase won’t help your stupidity.
Before the discourse could take root in the comment section, the fifth candidate and her information 
appeared on the screen, causing everyone’s jaw to drop open. 
Wynter Quinnell was the name of the fifth candidate, a young woman who was in a vocational school. 
“Vocational school? Are you serious? How did she even make it as a candidate?” a belligerent viewer 
demanded. 
“No way. I thought Ultimate Survival had better standards than this,” another said. 
“What’s a vocational student doing here? She’s got to be a masochist.” 
“She’s dead weight to anyone who picks her!” 
Oliver and Zane were taken aback by the production crew’s decision to include someone like Wynter, 
whose experience was underwhelming, to say the least. 
Then again, with Tobias getting the last pick, this could work out in their favor. 
All the other celebrity guests had to do was single out the fifth candidate for Tobias. He could kiss 
goodbye to his image after the season finished its run, and his career would be over! 
Oliver and Zane exchanged a knowing look as the thought crossed their mind. They each made their own 
decision. 
Without hesitation, Zane walked up and chose the popular influencer, Cecilia Cell, as his partner.
Chapter 455 Sibling Partnership 
Oliver came up after him and selected Horace. 
Aimee weighed the situation at hand and stepped forward to choose the first candidate, Joshua, 
Being the fourth to choose, Yvonne didn’t expect Lucy to choose her. 
Lucy was behaving strangely, but she wasn’t so distracted that she would pick a vocational school student as her partner for this challenge. 
Competition was fierce in the entertainment industry, and those in showbiz had long since mastered the quiet art of manipulation. 
Now that everyone had taken their pick save for Tobias, he was forced to pick the fifth candidate, Wynter. 
“Oh, man. Kina’s doomed. His chances of winning the game will depend on whether Lucy and her chosen candidate successfully pair up,” a viewer commented. 
“Three pairs have matched successfully, which means the fourth candidate could be the key to turning the tables for Kina,” another chimed in. 
Yvonne had yet to pick Lucy and was still waiting anxiously for Tobias‘ decision. 
Normally, Tobias could wait until Yvonne had made her pick before he chose his partner. However, he didn’t think there was anything wrong with choosing Wynter.
If anything, he thought fate had quite the sense of humor after he saw that Wynter shared his last name. 
Without waiting for Yvonne’s decision. Tobias stepped up and selected Wynter as his partner. His decisiveness and calmness earned the audience’s approval. 
“Not bad,” someone commented. “I would have rolled my eyes if he’d hesitated.” 
“True. He gets a bad rap sometimes, but I think Kina proved himself to be better than that in this show,” 
another viewer said. 
“Come on, that was hot! We love a decisive man!” someone cheered. 
Zane and Oliver had been waiting to sneer at Tobias. They were anticipating him to falter after being forced to choose an inexperienced and hopeless candidate. 
What they hadn’t expected was for him to make his decision so quickly. It was as if he hadn’t considered his image or career at all. He even won over the audience. 
Tobias did not think much of his decision at all. This was just a job, and at any rate, he had a contractual obligation to perform well on this show. 
However, he had his reason for being so cavalier–his youngest sister might see him on television.
###chapter456
Chapter 456 Outright Rejection 
Tobias would not allow himself to look bad on television! 
Meanwhile, Oliver and Zane’s expressions were flat. They were already thinking up ways to get more 
screen time. 
“Has everyone decided on their partner?” Dexter asked through the microphone. 
This time, the non–celebrity guests and their famous counterparts answered in unison. “Yes.” 
The moment the word rang through the air, the veil secured in place to separate the celebrities and the candidates was dropped. 
Wynter removed her blindfold. Nonchalance was written all over her beautiful face. 
She had heard the celebrity guests‘ discussion earlier and seen the faces of her fellow non–celebrity 
guests. 
She only agreed to join the filming because she had sensed grudges and anger teeming the air. If that went on, she was sure something tragic might happen. 
What she hadn’t expected was to join a survival game show that required her to go on missions. 
The camera panned to the non–celebrity guests, who were numbered one to five. The celebrity guests and the audience alike were stunned when they saw Wynter. 
Her beautiful features set her apart from the other non–celebrities. Even Lucy, who was known for her 
fresh and delicate looks, could not even begin to compete with her.
*Damn! I thought Cecilia would steal the spotlight for sure, but… Are you sure the fifth candidate isn’t a rookle who’s about to debut?” one of the viewers asked incredulously. 
“The fifth candidate was invited to join the program at the last minute! I saw it in the production crew’s alternative live–streaming channel!‘ someone explained in the comments. 
“She’s hot, but why is she in vocational school?” another mused. 
“Maybe she’s just another pretty face like Kina. They make the perfect, insipid pair,” a viewer jested. 
Zane’s eyes 
widened when he saw Wynter on set. He told Tobias begrudgingly, “Mr. Quinnell, bet you’re all fired up for the mission after picking a total babe as your partner. How lucky for you.” 
Tobias was known for having a short fuse. Logan and the others wouldn’t tread so carefully around him 
otherwise. 
“I remember the whole premise of Ultimate Survival is to piece together a true story from the filming location and speak up for the weak. At least, that was Mr. Lyons‘ vision when he first launched the show,” Tobias drawled icily. 
He would have been perfectly content in ignoring Zane for the rest of the show, but he didn’t like that. 
Zane was making fun of him because his partner was a good–looking young lady. 
Chapter 456 Outright Rejection 
“I suggest you be careful not to take the director’s and production team’s vision for this show out of context, Tobias spat, shooting a dark look at Zane.
With his height and aloof expression, Tobias looked imperious as he gave Zane a talking–down. Zane bristled and clenched his fists at Tobias‘ less–than–kind advice. 
He eeked cut a forced smile and said through gritted teeth, “I look forward to seeing you finish the mission, Mr. Quinnell. I hope you’ll still be able to keep your cool by then.” 
“The dissing has begun! I’m so excited!” a viewer typed. 
“Kina’s right, though. What Zane said wasn’t exactly appropriate,” someone pointed out. 
“Oh, please. Kina’s just one of those pretentious idols. He’s secretly pissed that he chose the weakest partner and decided to lash out at Zane. Yet, his fans are rising to his defense. It makes me sick,” 
someone chided. 
“Can’t wait to see Kina make a fool of himself!” 
Wynter normally paid no mind to the subtle digs or bad blood between celebrities. But when she saw Tobias, she stopped toying with the pendant around her neck. 
Save for Elliot, the other Quinnell brothers had yet to see Wynter’s pictures or meet her in person. 
But Wynter had seen them before. She couldn’t avoid it when Fabian kept sending her pictures of them and talking about them. 
Tobias was not in many of the pictures, the few that existed of him made perfect sticker material. Wynter had seen enough of them to question how he became a famous Idol in the first place.
Now that she had seen him in person, she could tell that Tobias was born for the entertainment industry. He had the looks and the charm, not to mention the personality. 
Meanwhile, Tobias was about to offer a snarky retort to Zane when he noticed his partner staring at him. 
Dread filled him at once. 
Ursula had told him before he came on the show to avoid picking female partners for the challenge, the audience would be inclined to make a romantic pairing out of them both. 
or 
Statistics had shown that such a pairing wouldn’t help an idol’s career, at least not in the long run when the romantic pairing fizzled out. 
Tobias still had dreams to achieve and big money to make. He refused to see his career be brought to an 
end. 
As such, he turned to Wynter and said curtly, “You’ll only end up with a broken heart if you fall for me.”
###chapter457
Chapter 457 Pair of Dunces 
The directors, production crew, and the audience were baffled by Toblas‘ sudden warning to Wynter. 
“What was that all about?” one of the viewers asked. 
“I almost died laughing! What’s Kina going on about?” another jested. 
The other guests on the show were giving Toblas odd looks as well. He didn’t look like the type to say 
such things. 
Wynter, however, was not surprised to hear this coming out of Tobias‘ mouth. From his pictures and the stories Fabian had told her, he was exactly the type to say such things. 
“You might want to take a look at the instructions, Kina,” she pointed out, not wanting to waste any 
time. 
The sooner they wrapped up filming this episode, the sooner the anger and grudge lingering in the air would dissipate. 
Besides, if they dawdled any longer, the frail–looking celebrity standing by the side might not make it 
through the evening 
more 
Wynter also had no intention of announcing on camera that Tobias was her biological brother. She would talk to him in private once filming wrapped up and she had taken care of the angry energy that plagued
the location. 
Unexpectedly, Tobias frowned and said, “I don’t think my sister would appreciate you getting so friendly 
with me. 
Meanwhile, Fabian was watching Ultimate Survival on television, hoping to glimpse how Tobias was faring on a variety show. 
He wouldn’t admit it, but he secretly kept an eye on his grandchildren to make sure they were doing well. 
When he saw Wynter on camera, he immediately dragged Alexis in front of the television to watch the 
show with him. 
“Ha ha! I bet Tobias will kick himself for saying that once he finds out the truth!” Fabian laughed. 
Alexis chuckled as well. “He’s probably going to hate himself the moment filming wraps.” 
On the set, having heard what Toblas said to her, Wynter remarked with faint amusement, “You are a man 
of fine principles, Mr. Quinnell.” 
“That I am,” Tobias agreed with a confident grin, his celebrity swagger showing. He wouldn’t allow any woman who wasn’t his sister to become friendly with him! 
He hadn’t even realized that he had revealed his true colors to a stranger. After all, his looks and the image his agency had curated for him all indicated he was the strong, silent type.
Wynter let out a small laugh. “In that case, I hope you can hold on to those principles when you watch this 
2 Chapter: 457 Par of burgers 
episode on television in the future. Shall we look at the gist of the story for today?” 
The pair of them had already fallen behind due to their idle conversation earlier. 
Oliver was already making his partner, the middle–aged surgeon, memorize the details of the story. This said enough about what Oliver thought of the surgeon and any other non–celebrity. 
Thed as he did to appear courteous, Oliver simply couldn’t hide the fact that he had very little regard for 
non–celebrities. 
“Ten minutes to memorize the storyline, characters, main characters, and the gist of the incident? That’s some serious brain work,” someone commented. 
“That’s why the contestants are better off picking honor–roll students! I bet Cecilia has already memorized 
everything. I’ve seen her do something like this on livestream once,” another viewer chimed in. 
“Well, she is from Sacred Heart Medical University. I’d expect nothing short of genius from her.” 
“Everyone’s already started memorizing, and the pair of dunces are still dilly–dallying! What’s up with that?”
The pair of dunces in question was none other than Tobias and Wynter, whom everyone thought were likely to get eliminated first. 
“They have three minutes left!” a viewer typed anxiously. 
“I don’t think a certain airhead idol has committed the story to memory yet,” came a sarcastic comment. 
“That fifth candidate is so pretentious. It irks me,” a viewer pointed out. “She barely glanced at the paper before putting it down. I doubt she remembers anything. She’s just another pretty face.” 
“She’s good at putting on airs now. But when the challenge begins, she’ll be scared out of her wits and reveal her true colors,” another viewer typed. 
“Ultimate Survival is in a different league as far as variety shows are concerned. It’s not somewhere you can fake it till you make it!” 
The last comment was right. Ultimate Survival was popular because of how unique its set–up was. 
At that moment, Dexter’s voice rang out again. “Time’s up, people! Put down the docket in your hand and enter the hospital!” 
The guests did as they were told and stepped foot into the hospital. The sound effects built up to highlight the suspense of the moment. 
“Welcome to The Lost Children’s Hospital. From now on, you will need to distinguish what is real and what is not. This will determine whether you’ll be the ultimate survivor!”
###chapter458
Chapter 458 Challenging Celebrities 
To capture the guests‘ most authentic reactions, the producers and assistant directors made themselves. 
scarce in the hospital building. 
Cameras were fixed in every corner of the building to record the guests‘ Interactions and reactions. 
The children’s hospital was not large by any means. It was a two–story building lined with long, dark corridors. From the footage, it was clear to see that all the women were spooked, except Wynter. 
Lucy, in particular, couldn’t help but glance nervously at the delivery room. Her hand fluttered to her stomach, an odd gesture that had the viewers asking questions. 
“Why is Lucy patting her belly?” someone asked, 
Just then, the signboard hanging above the delivery room came off on one side and cluttered to the ground. The loud thud had everyone jumping out of their skin. 
Oliver felt a chill down his spine, but he knew this was his moment to shine. “This hospital building looks 
old, so it’s normal for things to start falling off. Watch where you’re going, everyone.” 
Feigning concern for his fellow guests, he stepped forward as if to lead the pack. “The clues are normally hidden where there’s light. My partner and I will scope out the second floor. The rest of you can follow us 
from behind.”
Zane wanted some screen time as well. “I’ll be the rear guard,” he offered. 
The audience began praising the two men for taking charge. Lucy was grateful for Oliver and Zane’s 
initiative as well, seeing as she couldn’t wait to get away from the first floor. 
The gang was about to head upstairs when Oliver noticed Wynter still standing in place. “Hurry up, number 
five!” he called out. 
“Mr. Quinnell, could you please keep an eye on your partner?” Zane sighed. “I don’t want us to have to come down again if you both get frightened after this.” In other words, he was calling them dead weight. 
A dark look passed over Tobias‘ face as he glared in the others‘ direction. 
He was about to say something when Wynter fixed her icy stare on Zane and broke her silence. “If I’m not 
mistaken, the rules of the challenge will require us to work in pairs instead of a group, or we might end up tying scores.” 
Displeasure flashed in Oliver’s eye’s. Having been a celebrity for years, he didn’t like being talked down to 
like this. 
He countered, “I’m asking you to follow us because you’re a bunch of newbies who might not make any headway with this challenge. Not to mention, you probably get spooked easily. 
“There’s strength and safety in numbers, but clearly, my sentiments are lost on you.”
“Kina,” Aimee began, truly concerned for Tobias‘ interests, “sometimes we have to act as a team on this 
program, or we won’t make it to the end. 
Chapter 458 Challenging Celebrities 
“Besides, what’s wrong with a tie when we’ll still score anyway? It’s not as if you could make any progress 
on your own.” 
Zane was done being polite. “Forget them, Oliver. They obviously don’t appreciate your kindness. They probably think they’re better than us and don’t want us to pull their legs.” 
The viewers were chiming in with their two cents as well as they vilified Wynter’s behavior. 
“Leave them! If they’re so great, they can figure out the challenge on their own!” someone said. 
“They should vet through candidates before letting them go on Ultimate Survival. My brain hurts from processing their stupidity,” another taunted. 
Tobias wouldn’t stand for his partner getting bullied. He was also aware of how many viewers were watching them right now. 
Any poor performance from non–celebrities would mean instant ostracization and cyberbullying. 
Tobias couldn’t be bothered about the backlash he might receive as he stepped in front of Wynter. “My partner merely expressed my thoughts. I told you to watch your words, Mr. Lawton. We never thought we were better than anyone. ‘ve just always been a single player, that’s all.”
Zane forced out a humorless smile as Oliver sneered. “Single player, huh? Go score on your own then!” 
mirking at 
Wynter hadn’t wanted to get tangled up in the messy world of celebrities, but she couldn’t help Zane and Oliver as she drawled, “Did you both miss the gist of the story or are you both just idiots?”
###chapter459
Chapter 459 Photographic Memory 
Oliver exploded in anger almost Immediately. “What did you just call me?” 
“Careful now. You wouldn’t want to throw your image down the drain while the cameras are rolling, would you, superstar?” Wynter warned slowly, but wickedly. 
Zane came forward and berated, “Where are your manners? Is this the way dunces usually speak? Like a 
bunch of riff–raff?” 
“Public figures such as yourself should set a good example for their fans,” Wynter pointed out. Her gaze on Zane was as dark as the night. “Instead, you’re here inciting cyberbullying. 
“Perhaps you should spend more time honing your craft. It’s in desperate need of improvement. You played a goody–two–shoes well enough when you were sidelining Kina, so why let that acting go to waste 
on screen? 
“Do you really think you’re some hotshot just because your fans say so? How gullible of you. 
Zane gritted his teeth. “You little-” 
No one expected someone who looked as ethereally beautiful as Wynter to be so vicious with her words. At once, the viewers took to the comment section to express their awe. 
“Okay, now I know for sure that the non–celebs were chosen at random!” someone exclaimed. 
“This young lady speaks for the masses!” another viewer praised.
“The masses? Please! She’s just attacking my Zane! I ought to rip her mouth off!” 
“What’s the production crew thinking? Cut her mic!” 
But there was no way Dexter would cut Wynter’s microphone when this episode was racking up more 
views following her sharp–tongued remarks. 
Zane pointed at Wynter, seething. “I’ll take you to court once filming wraps !” 
“Be my guest,” Wynter drawled, making to walk past him. 
At that moment, Cecilia spoke up from where she stood next to Zane. “Number five, shouldn’t you at least apologize for calling them idiots?” 
“Was I wrong? Why should I apologize for stating facts?” Wynter asked slowly, defiance gleaming in her eyes. “The story we were given was clear. A beautiful, young mother fell unconscious after delivering her baby in the delivery room. 
“When she came to, she discovered that her uterus was gone, and so was her baby. She asked the gynecologist on duty about it, only to be told that she was delusional and to get some rest.” 
She stopped speaking after this and cast a shrewd look at the others. “The clue’s obviously in the first line, so why bother leading us up to the second floor to investigate? 
Charter 45o Photographic Memory 
“Why are we the ones at fault for not wanting to follow your poor sense of judgment? You must be really full of yourself.”
The more she spoke, the darker Oliver and Zane’s expressions became. Even Cecilia was taken aback by Wynter’s audacity. 
The audience was in shock as one of them asked in the comment section, “Hold up, did she finish processing the entire storyline?” 
“That’s beside the point. I’m stunned she memorized every word of it!” 
“S- She’s no dunce! Man, I need to get out of the house more. Do vocational schools these days train their students to have a photographic memory or something?” 
The production crew had thought Wynter’s academic background might be a concern during the challenge as well, but not even the playwright could conjure up such a magnificent plot twist! 
Photographic memory aside, Wynter had actually managed to guess the first clue! 
Oliver was still fuming. “Pft. Why would the clue be in the first sentence on the first page? I’d quit this show if it were that easy! Come on, guys, whoever follows me will be guaranteed victory!” 
He shot a dirty look at Wynter and spat, “Anyone who wants to stay behind and be a single player, go ahead. I’m not going to coddle you.”
###chapter460
Chapter 460 Suspicious Drugs 
Oliver made his way upstairs after that, and the others followed suit. Lucy dared not look in the direction of the delivery room. Her face was so pale that she looked like she would faint. 
Tobias and Wynter were the only pair left downstairs. Wynter stared at Lucy’s shoulder and couldn’t help 
but frown. 
The attachment was too great, and it would take more than the usual seance to get rid of it. Wynter also wondered if the production team had noticed that the storyline was taking a different turn. 
Perhaps the changes were so slight that the director hadn’t noticed anything amiss at all. 
Besides, a successful variety show like this one relied heavily upon the element of surprise, which often left the audience in suspense and wanting more. 
Wynter glanced at the cameras surrounding her to make sure that they were still functioning normally. She couldn’t very well start eliminating paranormal forces on camera. 
At some point, these paranormal activities would begin to draw unwanted attention. 
Wynter looked away and turned her gaze toward the dark corridor, the end of which lay the delivery room. The signboard that had fallen off earlier was clean and bold as if presenting itself as a clue. 
How could such anger and grief be aligned with the general premise of the show’s intended challenge? 
If this was what the vengeful spirits wanted Wynter to solve, then she saw no harm in granting them that
wish. 
Tobias assessed Wynter thoughtfully 
at that moment, wondering how he was going to shield her from whatever petty revenge Oliver or Zane might throw her way. 
He and Oliver had met a few times, and admittedly, he saw the latter through rose–colored glasses. After all, Oliver had been in the industry for a while. Tobias respected him and even trusted him at one point. 
They said greed brought out the ugliest side of people. This wasn’t the first time Tobias had received subtle digs and jests from Oliver, but he was used to it after some time in the entertainment industry. 
However, he couldn’t say the same about Wynter. 
“Hey, are you…” Tobias was just about to speak when Wynter headed for the shadowy end of the corridor. He saw this and immediately said, “You can walk behind me.” 
The Quinnell men were known for their height and broad shoulders. It helped that they filled out their frames nicely and gave others a sense of security. 
As Tobias led the way, he took in his surroundings vigilantly, his eyes shining brightly. 
“I think the circuit’s going haywire,” he observed, picking up a flashlight he had seen on the floor and handing it to Wynter. “Here, hold onto this just in case the power goes out.” 
“How does he know the circuit’s going haywire?” a viewer asked in the comment section. 
Chapter 440 Suspicious Drugs 
312
“Hint from a science kid–If you check the lights overhead, you’ll find that the circuit is indeed acting up,” 
another commented. 
“Uh, that’s swell and all, but i thought Tobias was an airhead,” someone interjected in confusion. 
Before long, the netizens realized how wrong their perception of Tobias had been. Not only was he well- versed in circuits, but he also knew how to decipher code. 
Wynter and Tobias couldn’t go into the delivery room until they broke the code that let them unlock the 
doors. 
There was a piece of sheet music pinned to the wall, and Toblas barely glanced at it before he cracked the code with the letters “LXW“. 
The padlock fell to the ground, and Wynter and Tobias made their way into the room. They were greeted by a pearly white surgery bed. Laid out next to it was an assortment of medical tools and equipment. 
There was the usual antiseptic, scalpel, tweezers, gauze, and many other surgical items. However, Wynter found it odd that most of them looked like they had just been used. 
Still, she paid no mind to any of the tools. Her gaze was fixed on the bottles of drugs on the other side of 
the table. 
Tobias 
noticed this and asked, “What is it? Is something wrong with the drug?”
She hummed in response and picked up one of the bottles. “This is used for abortions.” 
He froze. “Come again?” 
The viewers gasped. 
“I thought this was a delivery room! Why would abortion drugs be in there? She doesn’t know what she’s 
saying!” a viewer commented belligerently. 
“Uh… medical student here. That drug is indeed used for abortions,” another viewer countered. 
“What the hell? What’s going on here?” 
“How does she know what that drug is for? Isn’t she from a vocational school?” someone else 
commented in disbelief. 
“Maybe the production crew messed up the medication when they were trying to restore the original set- 
up for the storyline,” someone guessed. 
As the viewers offered the best explanation they could think of, a piercing scream echoed through the hospital building. 
n
###chapter461
Chapter 461 Belated Realization 
The scream came from the second floor. The cameras positioned there showed nothing but darkness 
Dexter prompted the crew to switch to night mode, but the equipment decided to go haywire at that 
precise moment. 
way on 
While the team upstairs struggled to see around them, Wynter and Tobias were happily scoring away 
the first floor. 
The only person on the second floor who had picked up the flashlight prepared by the crew was Horace 
This was not how the show was supposed to go. Dexter frowned as he demanded, “Where are the 
producers? What’s with the screw–up on set?” 
None of the guests knew what was happening. Oliver had been so arrogant that his terror almost seemed 
comical. 
In his panic, he had snatched Horace’s flashlight. He schooled his expression into one of neutrality as he 
said, “Don’t worry guys. Mr. Lyons loves a good power outage on the show.” 
“But, Oliver, we’ve only got one flashlight, and there’s eight of us here,” Zane pointed out, starting to regret
picking Cecilia. If he had known she would be this useless, he would have picked Joshua instead. 
Sensing that Zane was irritated with her, Cecilia picked up the bottle of sleeping pills lying nearby and 
said, “Hey, the woman in the story had trouble sleeping and might be delusional. I say we start from there.” 
Zane’s eyes lit up at this. “You have a lead?” 
“Well, the story did say the woman lost her child. All we have to do is find out where her child went and 
that’ll lead us to another clue,” Cecilia suggested confidently. 
She had gotten on the show through her live–streaming platform, and she had practically bribed the 
playwright to let her be a candidate. 
If nothing else, she was the only one here who knew the entire storyline. She would have won over the 
audience if Wynter hadn’t stolen the spotlight in the beginning. 
“So, where will the lead most likely be?” Zane was in no mood to hear Cecilia out. 
Cecilia’s eyes widened at the question. She knew how the story went, but she had no idea what the layout 
was, seeing as she had limited time to process the information the playwright had given her. 
“Well?” Zane asked loudly, growing impatient. The all–consuming darkness around him and the chill in the air made his skin crawl. He wanted to get out of this place as quickly 
y as possible.
Being an honor roll student, Cecilia knew that she could draw inferences by going through the storyline by line. 
However, it was only after all her inferences led to one possible lead that her face darkened. “It’s in the delivery room on the first floor. That’s where we should have started looking.” 
The viewers couldn’t see the guests, but they could hear them just fine. At once, the viewers erupted into laughter as comments flooded in. 
“Wow! How the tables have turned!” a viewer mocked. 
I 
“Who was it that said there’s strength in numbers? Oliver was all talk. The way I see it, Kina and Wynter. have beaten them five to zero,” someone else commented. 
“Guess being loud isn’t going to help you win challenges. 
“Kina and his partner are going to be my new obsession. Look at them go!” 
“If I were Oliver, I’d stay on the second floor and never come down. I’d rather bc ubborn than lose face so publicly!” 
Oliver thought the same thing. Going back to the first floor would mean total humiliation. 
He could give up his position as a returning guest on Ultimate Survival once filming wrapped, but he would never be able to live down the shame if he went downstairs now. 
However, as things were, he did not have a choice. Regardless of their number, the darkness that surrounded him and his fellow guests was terrifying.
Yvonne was the first to break the silence. “Let’s head back downstairs! I think the power hasn’t gone out on the first floor!” 
“How do you know that?” Oliver demanded. 
Not wanting to reveal that she had brought her phone on set, Yvonne lied, “I saw it! See, that’s light right, 
there!” 
Standing by the window, they could vaguely make out a blur of light coming from the first floor. Only fools would want to linger on the second floor after that! Alas, they were too late.
###chapter462
Chapter 462 The Internet’s Girlfriend 
Oliver and the others heard a loud click, Indicating that someone had locked the door from the outside, 
followed by a chilling laughter. At once, panic and chaos ensued. 
“Who locked the door? “Aimee tugged fiercely on the doorknob and looked at the cameras as if to demand answers from the production crew. 
Yvonne was no longer concerned with being called a rule–breaker as she whipped out her phone for its flashlight function. However, she paled when she realized that her phone had died. 
Cecilia was a bundle of nerves as she clutched Zane’s shirt and tried to hide behind im. Unfortunately for her, he was even more terrified than she was and became filled with the urge to quit the show. 
Oliver shouted into the darkness, “Kina! Let us out right now! This isn’t funny!” 
There was a beat of silence outside the door, then a woman’s angry voice pierced the air. “Kina? Who’s Kina? I ought to punish you cradle robbers for trespassing our hospital!” 
The voice sounded human and normal, despite the insidious undertone. The guests breathed a sigh of relief, but their relief was short–lived as logic kicked in.. 
“Wait, isn’t this hospital abandoned? Why did she say the hospital is theirs?” Zane asked fearfully. 
Oliver explained, “She’s probably a non–player character used for plot development. They did this last 
season too.” 
“I thought the NPC would only show up after an important lead has been found, Aimee interjected.
She had only just said this when the sound effects from the production crew rang through the air, followed by an announcement. 
“Congratulations to pair number five for solving the key riddle and unlocking the NPC, Lana Wilson! 
“Lana is a nurse at the children’s hospital and has seen her fair shafe of incidents at the hospital. Perhaps 
you can sit down and have a nice chat with her to learn more!” 
Reassured that this was the character that the playwright had told her about, Cecilia felt her shoulders 
slump with relief. Whatever happened earlier was probably just a small mishap. 
“You were right, Oliver. She’s just an NPC after all. Thank goodness we have someone experienced 
among us, huh?” Cecilia praised, attempting to get on Oliver’s good side. 
However, Oliver couldn’t care less about her praises, nor was he happy about them. “Is the crew serious? How could anyone get to the lead that quickly? It’s only been ten minutes!” 
Dexter said nothing. The crew was still busy trying to bring the system back to life and fixing the equipment. 
Meanwhile, the audience’s astonishment was evident from the comments flooding the streaming channel. 
“You have to commend Tobias‘ partner for having guts. She didn’t even bat an eye before rummaging 
Chapter 462 The Intemats Crifiend 
through the delivery room,” a viewer commented.
“She solved seven questions in 13 minutes and found the Important lead! She’s a genius! I think I’m in love!” another viewer gushed, 
“She and Kina work well together. My gosh! When they looked at each other after hearing the scream, 
made me want to ship them so badly!” 
The show was gaining newfound popularity for having better suspense than the first season. 
it 
Everyone thought this was courtesy of Dexter’s plot arrangement, but Dexter had already summoned his 
assistant and demanded in hushed tones, “Who let the NPC lock the others in? That’s not how the script 
goes. 
“Maybe the playwright made some adjustments?” the production assistant suggested. 
At that moment, Oliver said confidently to Lana, “We aren’t cradle robbers, but we can help you track down the real ones.” 
Lana was about to walk away. But when she heard this, she backed up a few steps. “Oh? Do you have a 
plan in mind?”
“Of course,” Oliver replied, already thinking of ways to score. “We came here to help you.” 
Lana drawled breezily, “I don’t like children who lie. But since you’re here to help me, I’d like for one of you to come with me to the delivery room.”
###chapter463
Chapter 463 Beating Up Lana 
Oliver exchanged a nervous look with the others in the room. None of them volunteered to go to the delivery room with Lana. 
“We finally have a lead,” Oliver said, scheming. “One of you can go while I search for the other clues. I know what to anticipate from the production team.” 
No one in the room was foolish enough to believe him. They knew he was only acting. 
Aimee was an award–winning actress too. Refusing to play along, she said to Oliver, “Since you were the one who suggested that we help Lana, why don’t you 
no with her?” 
The longer they dawdled, the angrier Lana became. She suddenly slammed her fist against the door and snapped, “Which of you is coming with me?” 
Even the audience could tell something was amiss when they heard Lana’s irritation, which bordered on unhinged, but they couldn’t quite explain it. 
“That NPC sure knows how to act,” a viewer commented. 
“Why do I feel like whoever volunteers to go with her won’t make it out alive?” 
Lana cackled at that moment. “Caught in a dilemma, are we? In that case, I’ll have to take my pick. The number I call out will be my crime–solving buddy, so be good! Let’s see, shall I pick one, two, three, or four?
Just then, someone said coolly, “Five. Pick five.” It was Wynter. She had shown up outside the room and grabbed Lana’s hand. 
Lana stiffened in the shadows. “But I- 
“The rules say that whoever you choose will be your crime–solving buddy,” Wynter cut her off. She grasped Lana’s index finger and directed it at herself. “And you have chosen me.” 
Lana appeared to be taking deep breaths. “Fine then! Come with me!” 
The audience couldn’t see Lana’s expression as she stood away from the cameras. 
Tobias didn’t like the long and dark corridor from which Lana emerged. Worried, he told Wynter, “I can go with her and do recon for the mission while you stay here.” 
His intentions were simple–he couldn’t let Wynter go with Lana alone to an unexplored part of the building. Wynter should stay put in an area that they had already scoped out. 
“Mr. Quinnell, when you were on the show last season, were you this kind as well?” Wynter asked out of the blue. “You’d rather be vanguard than have everyone risk their lives?” 
Tobias looked at her oddly. “This is my first time on the show.” 
“Have you both decided yet? Who’s coming with me?” Lana interrupted irritably. 
Chapter 463 Beating Up Lana 
Wynter did not let go of Lana’s hand I’m coming with you. Lead the way.”
Lana was surprised by how fearless Wynter was. It didn’t matter, though, because Wynter would cry soon. enough. But little did Lana know, Wynter had something else up her sleeve. 
The cameras around did not give Wynter the privacy to do what she needed to, but the other side of the corridor didn’t have surveillance. 
Meanwhile, Dexter was frowning as he demanded, “What the heck is going on with this NPC?” 
The production crew came close to stopping the filming, but they were too late. 
With a tug. Wynter pulled Lana into the darkness of the corridor. Lana was just as baffled as the audience when they saw this. 
“For a moment, I almost forgot which of them was the NPC,” someone said. 
“I was getting kind of freaked out at first, but number five is winning me over with her actions!” another 
gushed. 
Wynter did not waste her breath on Lana after pulling her into the corridor away from the cameras. 
Before Lana could raise her arm, Wynter stabbed her with a needle and pinned her against the wall. “Give 
me the clue.” 
Lana’s shadow moved on the wall as if to scare off Wynter. 
With one swift move, Wynter stepped on the shadow and said icily. “Tell me the clue before I lose my 
patience.”
Lana glowered at Wynter and gritted her teeth. She had no idea who Wynter was, but the fact that the 
latter did not fear her made it hard for her to strike. 
A conflict between Wynter and the other players might make things interesting. 
Playfully, Lana said, “In that case, you can move on to the next level. Congratulations on getting the clue all by yourself!” 
With that, she handed Wynter a card, on which was written a single line. “Everybody loves Mommy!”
###chapter464
Chapter 464 Formidable Opponent 
The sound effects started again after Wynter finished reading the words on the card. 
“Congratulations to player number five for finding the clue and saving her teammates! Player number five, you may choose to keep the clue a secret or reveal it! 
“Here’s a hint: you’ll stand a better chance at winning if you keep the clue a secret since you won’t have to 
split the score among the ten of you.” 
At that moment, the lights on the second floor came on, and the cameras captured the guests‘ 
expressions. 
Zane and Oliver were visibly panicked. They hadn’t gotten a single clue since getting here, and they were saved by the person they thought was least likely to be the ultimate survivor. To say they were humiliated 
was an understatement. 
Now, the fans who had avidly defended them at the beginning of the challenge had gone quiet in the 
comment section. 
Everyone began to see Tobias in a new light. But the person who had won over the audience was Wynter. 
No one had expected a non–celebrity to perform so well in a star–studded variety show, much less steal
the spotlight. At once, the streaming numbers skyrocketed. 
Remembering what Yvette had told her, Yvonne drew close to Tobias after spotting him and said, “Kina, 
you’ll get into an accident during filming. Stick close to me and I’ll keep you safe, not to mention help you 
win this challenge!” 
Tobias looked at her skeptically and wondered what was wrong with her. 
Yvonne said defensively, “You have to believe me! I have a friend who’s really good at making predictions. 
“The power’s back on,” Tobias pointed out coolly. Yvonne kept quiet after that. 
Oliver and Zane were about to open the door when Lana asked icily. “Who said you could leave?” She 
glanced at the lock on the door and added, “One of you is a clever little pretender.” 
She regarded them with faint amusement and ordered, “Find out which of you is the pretender, and you 
can all move on to the next level.” 
His eyes lit up when Oliver realized this was a new clue. “That person is one of us?” 
Lana nodded. 
Tobias couldn’t care less about the clue as he asked Lana, “Where is she?” 
“I’m here.” Wynter showed up with a newspaper she must have picked up from somewhere.
Lana giggled. “Player number five is in the lead, so she won’t be playing with you guys for the next mission. 
Chapter 464 Formidable Opponent 
Upon hearing this, Wynter gave Lone a sharp look and asked, “Why?” 
“To keep it fair,” Oliver interjected. “An NPC’s role is to ensure things don’t get out of hand during filming. 
“You were lucky enough to find so many clues after poking around. But what you did could affect the show’s overall development 
Somece in the comments typed, “Oliver is so full of himself.” 
“Who in their right mind would support a guy like him?” another one commented. 
When Zane came to Oliver’s defense, his fans couldn’t help but wish he would keep their mouths shut. The last thing the fans wanted was to see Zane humiliated after filming wrapped up. 
Lana didn’t expect her instructions to be met with such acquiescence. She beamed and said,” This player is right. We’re doing this to keep the challenge fair.” 
She had no idea about Wynter’s background. She only knew that Wynter was unafraid of her and had 
violent tendencies. 
She had also sensed the good fortune that seemed to cloak Wynter like a protective shield. As things were, Lana couldn’t make a move against her. Unfortunately, the same could not be said for the others.
With a clap of her hands, Lana said, “Now this is getting interesting.” 
Tobias noticed Lana’s odd behavior. “Excuse me, miss, but why do you behave like a child? 
Lana froze and asked him curiously, “Me? A child?” 
“It’s normal for doctors and nurses in a children’s hospital to act as the children do. She’s just portraying her character,” Cecilia explained, desperate to look intelligent. 
Lana grinned. “You seem to know a lot about doctors,” she remarked, eyeing Cecilia.
###chapter465
Chapter 465 A Pro at Blackmail 
I’m an honor student at Sacred Heart Medical University. As Cecilla said this, she threw a pointed look at Wynter as if to belittle her academic background. 
Wynter retumed Cecilia’s contemptuous look with an amused one before turning her gaze to Lana. “You 
seem happy. 
I’m always happy to meet someone from my line of work,” Lana said with glittering eyes. “Healthcare professionals are my favorite people!” 
She clapped her hands as though remembering something. “Oh, silly me! How could I forget something so important? Didn’t you guys promise to help us find the missing baby?” 
Oliver nodded and said immediately, “Yes, but we’ll need you to cooperate with us. All you have to do is 
answer a few of my questions.” 
Lana nodded with a smile. “Ask away.” 
“Were you the one who carried the baby out of the delivery room after the birth?” Oliver fired his first 
question. 
“Yes,” Lana replied. 
Zane pressed hurriedly, “Did someone take the wrong baby home? Was that why the woman in the story couldn’t find her baby?”
Lana gave him a mocking look. “Nope.” 
“What? That can’t be right,” Cecilia interjected, sounding skeptical. “Are you sure you didn’t remember 
wrongly?” 
Lana stared at her with dark, depthless eyes. “I remember everything clearly.” 
Cecilia clenched her fists clenched. She cursed the playwright for lying to her despite having taken her 
money. 
“Now what?” Aimee asked, frowning at Oliver. “This isn’t exactly what you guys inferred, is it?” 
Oliver refused to back down. “The woman in the story missed her child so much that she fell into depression.” 
“Nope,” Lana said again. 
“But she took sleeping pills!” Olivér argued belligerently. 
Lana grinned. “You get two more questions. If you still can’t get the right answer out of me, all of you will be eliminated.” 
“You never told us there was a limited number of questions we could ask! Is the production crew screwing with us?” Zane gripped his hair in frustration. 
At that moment he thought of something and asked “Mr Quinnell, didn’t your partner find a snel cli Get her to tell us what it is or we’ll be eliminatedi” 
Someone in the comment section Jested, “Hey, Zane’s fans, your baby’s a pro at emotional blackmall.
Presently, Wynter was reading a newspaper article containing the case details provided by the hospital Her gaze darkened as she scanned the personal information of her fellow players and drew comparisons. 
Elimination was something everyone hoped to avoid. Even Almee turned to smile at Wynter as she cajoled, “Young lady, could you please help us out?” 
As Wynter quickly processed whatever information she had learned, she cast her gaze on the players and said, “I don’t mind helping, but on one condition–Oliver and Zane, go out separately and walk down the 
comidor. 
“I’d like you both to feel how terrifying it is before coming back. Once you return, I’ll reveal the clue I found. 
They should never have insulted Wynter, especially since she wasn’t a particularly forgiving person. 
Oliver and Zane blanched. The latter had been hoping to needle Wynter into giving up the clue. But he hadn’t expected it to backfire on him. 
“No!” Zane flat–out refused. He met Wynter’s sardonic gaze and clenched his fists. “This is blackmail!” 
Wynter reasoned with him, “I headed down that corridor, found the clue, and got the power back on. I did 
that for the team. Imagine how disappointed your fans will be if you won’t even walk down a well–lit 
corridor.” 
“Don’t give me that crap!” Zane sneered, “I can always quit if I want to.”
It wasn’t hard to see that his patience had run out. Without another word, he pressed the “help” button and said into the camera, “I’m backing out!” 
When Zane didn’t get a response, he tapped his mic and asked, “Hello? Hello? I said I’m backing out!” 
All he got in return was the sound of static. 
Oliver paled at this. “What’s going on? A technical issue? Look, even the camera lights aren’t blinking 
anymore!” 
The only equipment that was still functioning was the guests‘ body cameras. 
“Wow, talk about an immersive experience!” a viewer praised. 
Aimee doubted it was a technical issue. “Mr. Lyons would never allow something like this to happen.” 
“All of you, shut up!” Lana was getting impatient and irate. “Now ask your last two questions!” 
Zane narrowed his eyes and walked up to her, then gave her a hard shove. “I said I’m backing out! If anyone should shut up, it’s you. You’re just an NPC!” 
Lana looked up at that moment and beamed at him. “Who said I was an NPC?”
###chapter466
Chapter 466 Getting Warmer 
Lana’s words silenced Zane. The others froze as well. Lucy, who had been quiet throughout the ordeal, blanched and asked, “If you’re not an NPC, then what are you?” 
Lana giggled as she shook her head and said, “Didn’t I hospital? I work here as a nurse, 
ay this was ou obviously.” 
No sooner than the words leave Lana’s mouth did the power in the building grow unstable. 
Lana pointed out in a singsong voice, “Heads up, players! You have two minutes left to ask your questions before you’re all eliminated!” 
Zane s 
stammered nervously, “W- What’s going on here? Oliver?” 
“Beats me,” Oliver said, pressing his “help” button incessantly. Unfortunately, he received no response. 
The only ones in the room who hadn’t flown into a panic were Tobias and Wynter. 
Aimee looked terrified as she grabbed Tobias” hand and pleaded, “Come on, Kina, get your partner to spill the clue so we can all figure out the case together.” 
Aimee might have been quiet when everyone else was singling out Tobias, but he wouldn’t forget that his first audition had only been possible because of her. As such, he glanced at Wynter meaningfully. 
Without ion, Wynter handed him the card Lana had given her.
Lana narrowed her eyes at this and warned, “Player number five, are you sure you want to do that? Gaving out the clue could mean watering down your score.” 
“Grown–ups know better than to fight over a game score or two,” Wynter quipped. 
Lana furned. This was not going according to her plans, but she couldn’t break the rules now. 
She mentally cursed Wynter for being so unpredictable. Adults were selfish and only looked out for themselves, so why wasn’t Wynter like that? 
Meanwhile, the others pored over the line on the card that read, “Everyone loves Mommy!” 
Zane was no scholar despite his fancy degree from some university abroad, so he had no hope of deciphering the clue at hand. 
“What does it mean?” he asked aloud. 
“Maybe the woman in the story was popular, and the person who stole her baby was one of her many admirers,” Cecilia guessed, going in the direction of one–sided love. 
It made sense for a man who was vying for a woman’s attention to go to such drastic lengths. 
Oliver seconded this thought. When he saw that time was running out, he quickly said to Lana, “The woman’s baby was stolen by one of her admirers!” 
“Nope,” Lana sang, her eyes gleaming with twisted excitement. “One last question!” 
Chapter 3166 Ooting Warmers 
Zane couldn’t care less about sucking up to Oliver anymore. He grabbed the latter by his collar and snapped, “You keep asking the wrong questions! Are you trying to throw us under the bus too?”
“…” 
Oliver was shaking. He couldn’t understand why things were getting so out of hand. 
Lana looked gleeful. “If you can’t think of any more questions, then I’ll start eliminating…” 
“The woman in the story was a celebrity, right?” Wynter suddenly cut her off. 
Exasperated, Zane cried, “Who the hell said you could ask questions?” 
He had never heard anything more ridiculous. How could the woman in the story be a celebrity? 
But much to everyone’s surprise, Lana said slowly, “That’s right.” She didn’t like Wynter very much, but the game rules kept her from lashing out. 
She said through gritted teeth, “Player number five has unlocked an important clue. Everyone gets half an hour extra for the game. Player number five, proceed with your questions.” 
Zane’s jaw dropped. He couldn’t believe that Wynter had got it right. 
“Gosh… I feel bad for Zane,” someone in the comments mocked. 
“Number five is unbelievable! But don’t you guys think the story’s a little absurd? Why would a celebrity be 
involved in it? someone else asked. 
Just as everyone was baffled, Wynter continued asking. “The woman didn’t want anyone to find out that 
she aborted her child, so she bribed a doctor into keeping the procedure a secret. Am I right?”
Lana answered in a low, grave voice, “Yes.” 
The single word seemed to coalesce in the air,
###chapter467
Chapter 467 Abandoned Souls 
The other guests were dumbfounded, save for Lucy, who looked like she was about to be sick as she hid 
in the corner. 
Wynter 
us?” 
raised a brow as she asked the most bombastic question of all, “Is the woman in the story among 
Everyone gasped in front of their screens as the viewers took to the comment section to express their 
shock and guesses. For once, Ultimate Survival was breaking streaming records for all the wrong reasons. 
“I can’t even process that question right now!” a viewer typed belligerently. 
“The woman in the story aborted her baby, and if she’s one of the cast members…” 
“The clues said the woman was a celebrity! There are only two women there who fit that description!” 
No one had tuned in to the variety show expecting such a scandal. 
“So is it tho silver–screen us 
Aimee or the unassuming Lucy?” 
“I bet it’s Aimee. Wasn’t she always rumored to be going out with directors at night?” 
“No! It has to be Lucy! She’s been touching her belly ever since she got into the building!”
The viewers had seen every expression and gesture made by the guests on the show. 
Oliver and Zane exchanged a puzzled look as Wynter asked Lana, “There’s a story hidden within this one, 
Isn’t it? Do I have to reveal just the one, or both of them?” 
“Both of them, of course, Lana answered, grinning. “Whether or not you’ll become the ultimate survivor 
depends on the accuracy of your retelling.” 
Wynter said evenly, “In the first story, the starlet was a homewrecker who got pregnant and tried to use 
that as leverage to marry rich. However, the man she sought to marry turned her away despite her 
pregnancy. 
“When the starlet realized that her plan had failed, she decided to abort her child to maintain her good– girl image for the public. 
“Unfortunately, she was too far along in her pregnancy for any mild procedure to take effect. It didn’t help 
that the child was stubborn enough to resist the abortion drug she took. 
“Just as she was fretting over ways to get rid of her child, she got into a car crash in a hillside area.” 
Wynter added slowly, “She was finally freed of her so–called burden. That was what she called the baby she carried–a burden. 
“The story we were given told us that the woman later suffered delusions and constantly scribbled notes.”
Throwing a notebook onto the floor, Wynter elaborated, “I found this in her recovery ward. She wasn’t scribbling anything of note, just constantly cursing her unborn child for being a burden that got in her way 
Chapter 467 Abandoned Souls 
of stardom and then haunting her afterward.” 
A cold look flashed in Wynter’s eyes. “Unfortunately, she forgot how she had begged to become pregnant. in the first place, if 
only so she could fulfill her dreams of marrying rich. She got rid of the child because she didn’t need it anymore. 
“She didn’t know that such horrid acts had a way of coming back to her. It was only a matter of time.” 
As Wynter said this, she fixed her gaze on Lana. “Children are never meant to bear the sins of their parents. No one should be 
deemed a burden, and no one should be deprived of unconditional love.” 
Lana’s eyes widened when she heard this, and she stared at Wynter in disbelief. For a minute, she seemed lucid. Then her eyes 
glazed over like she was lost in her thoughts. 
She lifted an arm as her lips parted. She made no sound, but Wynter knew who 
she was saying–parents. 
Wynter could tell there was a greater source of anger and grudge at work here. Someone was using the 
soul of a resentful infant to wreak havoc. 
The unborn child didn’t know any better. It was simply hurt, and the grudge it formed was a direct result of that. Wynter knew at 
once that the child was crying to her for help.
As such, she decided that it was time she punished the one who abandoned this child, and she was going to do it publicly. 
“I’m guessing everyone wants to know who the starlet in question is,” Wynter said as she slowly opened up the newspaper she 
had been reading. 
She continued gravely, “Lucy Yogi headlined the entertainment page when she missed out on the leading 
role for the hit drama, “Love Conquers All, due to health reasons.”
###chapter468
Chapter 468 Earthbound Formation 
“Lucy,” Wynter’s icy gaze snapped to Lucy. “you didn’t turn down ‘Love Conquers All‘ just because you were pregnant. You turned it down because it was a web drama and the pay was low. 
“You thought you were too good for a small production like that, but you didn’t expect the show to be one of this year’s biggest hits.” 
Lucy shook her head vehemently at Wynter’s accusation. “No, that’s not true!” She couldn’t admit to it. If word of it got out, her career would be ruined. 
She would be banned from the industry for what she had done. 
With all the clues Wynter had gathered, Wynter drove home her point. “The hospital has records of your getting into an accident. The doctors might have kept your pregnancy a secret, but they won’t do the same with the accident. 
“Anyone who wanted to probe into the matter would eventually uncover the truth, Lucy. You can’t run 
from this.” 
“Miss, I don’t know what kind of grudge you have against me to keep needling me like this,” Lucy began stubbornly, “but you’re blowing the rumors way out of proportion! I told you, I didn’t do anything. I’ll take you to court for slander!” 
“Go right ahead.” Wynter gave a nonchalant shrug before straightening up and turning to Lana. “Well? Aren’t you going to do something? You said players who are caught lying will be punished individually. 
The abandoned souls occupying Lana’s body never expected someone to help them.
Lana’s eyes widened as she registered this, and an insidious smile tugged on her lips as she sang, “Yes, they must be punished. Lucy, come with me!” 
Once Lucy left with them, she would not return. The souls might not be able to do anything to Wynter, who wielded some form of heavenly luck, but they could torture wrongdoers to the brink of death if they 
desired. 
As for Wynter and the young man who seemed adamant about protecting her, the souls decided to leave them alone. Just like that, the souls reached a consensus. 
“Whoa, things are getting heated!” a viewer commented. 
“Are those rumors about Lucy true? Is she really that twisted?” 
“Candidate number five hasn’t made any mistakes thus far. I’m guessing Lucy’s fans will be in for a rude. awakening.” 
“Damn… I’m mindblown. Are the internet police watching this right now?” 
The ones panicking right now were the members of the production crew. 
Dexter had been notified at the very last minute that one of the guests on the show happened to be at suspect that the police had been keeping tabs on. They wanted the production crew to assist them with 
Chuple: 468 Eartabound Formation 
the arrest. 
But for some reason, they simply couldn’t get through the hospital entrance.
Meanwhile, Kaspar’s fresh–faced apprentice, Maurice Ashton, was watching the variety show while eating when he saw what happened. 
“Oh, no!” he exclaimed as he bolted to his feet. 
Grabbing his bowl, Maurice put a hand on his hat and ran toward the tea room. “Master! Master, quick! There’s an Earthbound Formation!” There was a loud bang as he ran into the door. 
Inside the tea room, Kaspar and Dalton were having a pleasant conversation over tea. 
Dalton was plagued with personal burdens, to say nothing of his noble destiny. Kaspar couldn’t take in someone with such a vulnerable life force as his apprentice. 
That said, Dalton was well–read and often came up with insights that were beyond even Kaspar’s understanding. As such, Kaspar found him a delightful companion. 
More importantly, Kaspar hoped he could find some clues about the person who had broken the formation the other day from Dalton. 
bring up the to 
He was just about to bring up the topic when Maurice interrupted them. 
“Walk, don’t run, Kaspar chastised Maurice. “And it’s bad form to watch television shows while you eat. Haven’t I told you many times that those who study the Arcane Way must first uphold good values? Talent can only get you so far…” 
Kaspar trailed off when he saw what was on Maurice’s phone. At once, he rose to his feet and stared a 
the screen with wide eyes. “An Earthbound Formation!”
###chapter469
Chapter 469 Rapport 
“Yes!” Maurice confirmed grimly, rolling over from where he had fallen and rising to his feet. “Master, the people in that building are in danger! We have to save them!” 
In the past, Dalton would have dismissed an incident like this. He wasn’t particularly interested in what 
went on at Mt. Dragon. 
However, the words “Earthbound Formation” caught his attention. His fingers tightened around his teacup as he cast a curious look at Kaspar and Maurice. 
He frowned as a dark look passed over his handsome, chiseled features. “Is that Ultimate Survival?” 
Kaspar demanded, “Do you know it?” 
“My company is one of the sponsors,” Dalton explained as he took Maurice’s phone and enlarged the screen. “A celebrity friend of mine is a guest this season.” He had to look out for Tobias, his future brother- 
in–law. 
Kaspar gripped Dalton’s arm and urged, “Get the crew to shut down all the unmanned cameras right now 
and bring me there!” 
“You got it,” Dalton said, never one to dilly–dally. 
Meanwhile, Dexter broke into a cold sweat when he got word that Dalton was looking for him.
“Mr. Yarwood, Kina is safe for the time being,” Dexter reassured. He was already tied up events going on inside the hospital building as it was. 
“We can’t go 
have worked.” 
With the strange 
into the building for some reason. We’ve been trying to. But thus far, none of our methods 
Dalton was surprisingly calm. “Dismantle all the equipment outside the building. Brief me on what’s happening inside the building and the details of the original script.” 
Having never seen anything like this, Dexter explained, “We’ve already verified the identity of the NPC we hired for the show, but she suddenly lost control. Mr. Yarwood, do you think she’s the suspect the police have been looking for?” 
Dalton asked the most pertinent question, “What’s the story?” 
Dexter forwarded him the key footage from within the hospital building. The first thing Dalton saw when he clicked on the footage was Wynter, his fiancée with an “unassuming background. 
At this point, he had gotten into the car with Kaspar and Maurice 
As he settled into the privacy of the luxury car, Kaspar sensed the air around Dalton grow cold. He asked with a raised brow, “Are you upset?” 
Dalton sighed. “No. I’m just worried.” 
It seemed Dalton was getting more anxious than Kaspar now. But even so, he analyzed the footage.
Chapter 466 Rapport 
carefully. That was when he noticed the newspaper Wynter was carrying, 
He paused the footage and zoomed in on the newspaper. 
The article read, “Two little girls died after falling into a washing machine. Their mother was too preoccupied with watching their younger brother and hadn’t heard their cries for help, while their father was cooking in the kitchen and did not hear his daughters‘ screams over the sound of the cooking hood.” 
Dalton’s gaze darkened at this. His eyelashes cast shadows over his chiseled cheekbones as he sent the picture of the four non–celebrity guests to the Special Operations Team. 
He followed up with a message: “See if any one of the non–celebrity guests had anything to do with the news in this article.” 
Kaspar had no idea what Dalton was getting up to. “Why are you looking into this?” 
“It seems my fiancée is more talented than she lets on,” Dalton mused in his deep voice, plucking at his 
red–beaded bracelet. 
Kaspar ignored him and continued watching the variety show anxiously. He nearly cried in frustration when it cut to a commercial and cursed the platform. 
Dalton, on the other hand, went on to pursue the lead he had found. It wasn’t long before the commercial 
break was over.
When Lucy heard that she was going to be dragged out of the room to be punished, the blood drained 
from her face. 
She glanced at Oliver for help, but he snapped at her, “Don’t drag us into your mess!” 
Lana clutched Lucy’s shoulders, and her fingers dug into the latter’s skin painfully. 
Next to Lucy, Yvonne watched the scene in horror and wondered if the unborn child was truly after blood this time. A chill went down her spine as she considered this. 
As for Lucy, she gripped the door frame with newfound desperation. When her fingers began to slip, she roared, “Is it my fault for wanting to get rid of that child?”
###chapter470
Chapter 470 Defender of Souls 
Lucy didn’t think she was in the wrong at all. “Do you know how vicious showbiz is? How will I work if I have a child with me? How do you expect me to work and care for a child at the same time? 
“Do you know how many actresses are vying for my roles? They’re all waiting for me to screw up so they can steal my thunder!” 
Abandoning her golden–girl image, Lucy seethed. “If that child had wanted to be born, then she could have at least made it worthwhile for me! 
“I had to pull strings to get an ultrasound done. Can you imagine how disappointed I was to find out I was carrying a daughter? The family of the man I was seeing wanted a son!” 
She clenched her fists tightly. “They kicked me out because of that wretched baby!” 
Lana laughed maniacally at Lucy’s show of anger. “What did I say? Grown–ups are selfish liars!” 
There was a loud crack as the camera lenses split and shattered. 
Lana wrapped a hand around Lucy’s neck and lifted her into the air, her eyes filled with hatred. “Since you refuse to apologize, you shall die!” 
With the cameras out of commission, the audience could not see what was happening now. The show cut off right after Lucy admitted to having an abortion and refused to apologize for it.. 
At once, the topic of Lucy’s former pregnancy and subsequent abortion began trending online. However, before the audience could learn more about the scandal, the screen went black. The audience flew into
panic. 
“What’s going on? Is it a technical issue?” one of them typed. 
“Can the production crew do something? We’ve only just gotten to the good part!” another viewer demanded. 
But the production crew was panicking harder than the audience. They would be held responsible for any casualties on set regardless of the cause. To make matters worse, there was a criminal among the guests. 
Dexter was close to barging into the building and clamping a hand over Lucy’s mouth himself. He couldn’t believe she would rat herself out and put his and the show’s reputation at risk. 
Inside the children’s hospital, Lana tightened her grip around Lucy’s throat and hissed, “You would have made a terrible mother. If the world is as cruel as you, we don’t want any of it!” 
Lucy’s feet had been lifted off the floor, and she was flailing her arms wildly in the air. 
Yvonne screamed, “Lucy! Someone help her!” 
However, none of the others dared to move. As Zane and Oliver were standing closest to Lana, they could see her shadow under the lights. 
Chapter 470 Defender of Soul 
However, the shadow didn’t take the form of a woman. Instead, it was a cluster of moving silhouettes. 
“What the hell is that?” Zane demanded loudly as he covered his mouth and came close to tears. “What is the production crew playing at?” 
Oliver staggered back and fell onto the floor.
Tobias, on the other hand, saw no strange shadows. All he focused on was protecting his partner. But just as he was about to pull her behind him, Wynter moved out of his way. 
She moved so quickly that she materialized in front of Lana in the blink of an eye. 
Lana gazed at her with bloodshot eyes and hissed, “Are you going to stop us too?” 
“She is not the person whom you seek vengeance on,” Wynter pointed out calmly. “Put her down and I’ll show you how we grown–ups play our games.” 
Lana’s hateful voice suddenly changed. When she spoke again, it was as if multiple children were crying 
out, “You’re lying! Grown–ups are all liars!” 
“You’re doing her a favor by killing her since all she wants is fame and power,” Wynter clarified, reaching 
out to grab Lana. “You should let her live so that she’d suffer public humiliation. Don’t you want her to fall from grace?” 
A dark look glazed over Wynter’s eyes as she continued, “You won’t be doing yourself any good by killing 
her. Even souls can’t be redeemed after committing such a grave sin. There’s a child among you who 
called out to me. 
“I believe there’s something that ties the both of us together. If that’s the case, I’m obligated to protect him.” Wynter’s dark hair was like glossy black velvet in the light. “I cannot let him commit such a grave sin.
As she said this, she loosened her grip on Lana. 
“How fortunate for you to have someone protect you.” Lana’s face twisted with envy and malice, the hate in her eyes intensifying. “But who will protect us?” 
She glowered at Wynter mutinously as her cluster of shadows grew larger. “Are you saying we deserved. this abandonment? What do you know of our suffering?”
###chapter471
Chapter 471 Plot Twist 
“My sister was suffering in the washing machine,” Lana hissed, sounding unhinged as she looked down at her hands. “I screamed and screamed, but no one came to save us!” 
. 
“If they wanted us dead, why give birth to us in the first place?” Her voice was frighteningly low as she demanded, “Why? Tell mel” 
The hospital building quaked like it was about to collapse as Lana tossed Lucy aside. 
The dark shadows looming up behind Lana were a maelstrom of hatred. Even though there were no openings, a bone–chilling draft blew into the room. It was as if some evil force was trying to swallow everyone present. 
Yvonne and Cecilia had passed out from fear. Zane and Oliver wanted to bolt, but when they opened the door, they were greeted by a dark abyss instead of a corridor. 
“What the hell is this?” They spied a black river filled with writhing shadows flowing past their feet. 
Zane staggered back and fell on his backside. Fear registered in his eyes as he realized there was no escape from this room. 
At that moment, Wynter bit her fingertip until it bled and cast her purple sugilite pendant into the river. 
The shadows fell back as if they had been scorched and disappeared into the black river once more. Before long, the hospital walls appeared again. 
Lana regarded Wynter with surprise. “You know the Arcane Way?”
“Yes,” Wynter answered. With no cameras on her, she could do what she needed to placate the tortured spirits here. 
“This isn’t fair!” Lana shrieked. “Why are you helping them and not us?” 
“How is it fair if you kill these people?” Wynter countered patiently. “If you love your sister as much as you claim, you should know that your souls will be eternally damned if you kill. 
“If you and your sister keep reliving the same day, her soul won’t be able to take it.” 
Wynter looked at Lana and asked, “Are you going to let your sister’s soul be trapped in darkness and be used as a tool forever?” 
Lana faltered and clutched her hards nervously. “I… I was told by a man that if I did as he asked, he would help avenge my sister and me.” 
“I can help you with that right now.” Wynter raised her gaze to meet Lana’s. “Have you forgotten what the person who killed you looks like?” 
Lana looked puzzled. “Killed us?” 
“I can help you remember. But first, you have to restore these cameras and stop interfering with the reception,” Wynter explained as she pointed at the cameras. “If we’re going to expose a criminal, we 
Chapter 471 Plot Twist 
should do it with an audience.” 
U 2/2 
Hesitation colored Lana’s expression, and the shadows behind her swirled in an Invisible breeze as they muttered softly, “Let’s do as she says.”
“You trust her?” The reflection in the window made Lana look like she was conversing with herself. A beat 
later, she said under her breath, “Fine.” 
With a wave of her hand, the cameras were brought back to life, and the footage on the audience’s screens was restored. 
Given the interruption earlier, the audience had no idea why Zane and Oliver looked like they had seen 
death. 
The only one with any composure was Wynter, who pinned a newspaper article on the table and said,” There’s another story we need to piece together.” 
The audience gasped. 
“Another story?” one of them commented in disbelief. 
The production crew hurried to reassure the audience once they saw that the reception was restored. Images of Wynter’s flawless face had been screenshotted and circulated across the web. 
Back in the hospital, she launched into a retelling of the so–called second story. 
“Three years ago, a couple made a report claiming that their twin daughters had fallen into a washing machine when they weren’t looking. 
“According to the wife, she was busy looking after her newborn son, the twin daughters‘ younger brother The husband, on the other hand, was cooking in the kitchen. 
“However, something about this narrative doesn’t quite add up.”
Lana froze when she heard this. She mumbled to herself as she stood in place, “My sister and I fell into the washing machine?” 
“According to the police statement, yes, Wynter confirmed. She pointed at the words “newborn son” in the article and mused, “There is another presumption here. Would you like to hear it?” 
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###chapter472
Chapter 472 The Full Picture 
Lana bristled, and her eyes widened at whatever sudden memory crossed her mind. 
Wynter continued, “Because the case details didn’t quite add up, there were rumors that the couple found raising twin daughters burdensome in light of the birth of their son. 
“That was never verified, of course. But after the incident, the couple fled town with their son, citing 
privacy concerns. 
“The strange thing was, the father refused a post–mortem for his daughters, and the mother didn’t want to talk about the incident. No other details of note came to light, save that the couple got quite a hefty 
amount in compensation from the washing machine’s manufacturer, 
“The manufacturer tried to reenact the incident and concluded that two grown children couldn’t fall into the washing machine simultaneously. I’m sure you’ve recalled the truth by now.” 
Lana was shaking after hearing Wynter piece the story together. An accidental death could not result in 
such a terrible grudge on the children’s part, and Wynter did not believe in coincidences. 
She had noticed the Earthbound Formation the moment the show started filming, which could only mean 
one thing. 
“Your father is among us today,” Wynter declared as she glanced at the shadows behind Lana. “Your sister must have sensed his presence today, hence her anguish.”
The audience could not see the shadow, which was why they were bewildered by Wynter’s statement. 
*Sister?” someone asked in the comments 
Another viewer summarized, “Number five just said the twins didn’t fall into the washing machine by accident, which means their father…” 
At once, the comment section fell silent. After all, the story was never verified. 
Just as the audience thought story time was over, Wynter handed Lana a photograph she had found. Even though you were twins, your sister was malnourished since birth. 
“She didn’t care that her parents didn’t love her because she knew you would always stand by her, which was why she would look at you in pictures.” 
Lana took the photograph and stared at it with red–rimmed eyes. “Yes. My sister was always an angel. She didn’t eat much at meals, either.” 
“Let’s go,” Lana’s reflection suddenly urged. “We can’t touch him! If we do, you won’t be able to go to your new family.” 
Lana gritted her teeth. “Then so be it! Who cares about being reborn anyway?” 
“Please,” her reflection begged, lowering her gaze. “We forgot what he looked like because we were terrified of him. There was nothing we could have done.” 
Chapte:4771 Full Picture 
At this, the audience felt their hearts wrench over the twins‘ tragedy. They had seen the twins‘ photograph. They were an adorable pair.
The younger twin stared at her older sister in adoration, a coy smile on her lips. The older twin stared into the camera, beaming as she put up her index and middle fingers in a peace sign while holding her sister’s hand. 
It was a normal enough photograph. But what was infuriating was how they did not have individual portraits, unlike other children. 
Even the photograph depicted the younger sister in crumpled clothes like she had been hastily dressed for an unplanned photoshoot. 
It was hard to imagine that these incidents could occur in this time and age. 
But as reality would have it, some grown–ups still thought of their children as stepping stones. Others simply favored sons over daughters to the point of madness, 
The article in the newspaper was receiving more attention than it ever had. 
Although the audience did not understand the full story, at least not enough to determine its truth, they understood how much women suffered since the moment they were born. 
As such, compassion and righteousness seized the audience as they took to the comment section once 
more. 
“Number five said one of the guests is responsible for the twins‘ tragedy! Which one is he? Show us the inhumane bastard!”
###chapter473
Chapter 473 Something Strange About Dalton 
“I want to know tool” another viewer sald. 
“The production crew must let the sisters have their revenge, or I’ll stop watching this show immediately!” another threatened. 
Everyone was grieving for the twins who had arrived in this world with so much hope, only to find hell awaiting them. Life was filled with many wonderful things, but that didn’t mean everyone wanted to go 
through it again. 
At once, Ultimate Survival became a trending topic on the internet. There were even related topics like Recognizing that you’re a victim of child abuse is the first step to saving yourself” and “Anti–favoritism going around. 
The production crew panicked as these topics gained traction online. They wanted the story to go according to script, but it was entirely out of their hands. Who would believe them if they said the set was 
haunted? 
“Believe us? The industry will kill off this show!” Dexter snapped. He wanted his crew to pull themselves together and focus. “Figure out a way to save our guests from the set. There’s a criminal among them!” 
Just as the crew fretted over what to do, Dexter escorted an extremely handsome and regal–looking man 
onto the set.
The man was dressed in a dark trench coat that would have looked drab on others but luxuriqus on him. 
life. 
He was tall and had an elegant silhouette that made him look like a sculpture brought. 
“I’ll go in,” the man declared, much to Dexter’s shock and horror, 
“No! You can’t! Dexter ed. “It’s too dangerous in there. If something bad were to happen-” 
The imposing man cut Dexter off. “Something bad has already happened. You’re in charge of this show, so you and your crew will be responsible for allowing a criminal to participate in it. 
“You’re better off issuing an apology. Any damages will be borne by Yarwood Corporation.” 
The man paused before reassuring Dexter, “Don’t worry. Mr. Stavius is here, and he’ll make sure everything is under control. The theme of the game show is decent, and I look forward to seeing more creative ideas from you, Mr. Lyons.” 
Dexter’s eyes widened at this as surprise filled him. “Yes, of course!” 
The rest of the crew were stunned. They wondered who the mysterious man was and why he commanded such authority over Dexter. 
Dexter hadn’t even balked when Zane tried to angle for more benefits using his family name. 
The assistant director glanced at the mysterious man to get a better look at him but found two robed figures coming his way instead. 
He was about to tell them to stay away and let the police do their work when the older robed male said,
” 
Chupte: 473 Something Strange About Dalton, 
Move! I need to break that Earthbound Formation!” 
Kaspar was already harnessing his energy and strength as he said this. His voice was unyielding. Everyone on set dared not get in his way. He was the head and last custodial of Mt. Dragon. 
One of the officers running the investigation informed Kaspar quietly, “Mr. Stavius, we have o the top brass to help you break the formation.” 
orders from 
Kaspar stared at the dark, ominous mist gathering over the hospital building and nodded grimly. He needed help to cut through this insidious formation. Only then would he be able to placate the ang spirits within the building. 
“Pick eight of your men and have them stand at the four compass points of the building,” Kaspar ordered. 
He was just about to break the formation when Dalton walked up to the building. 
Dalton had only wanted to try his luck, so he hadn’t expected the door to swing open under his hand. At once, the air was cleared of any evil presence. 
The hospital building no one could break into earlier was now wide open. 
Maurice let out a squawk of horror as he cried, “Master, he just-
“The noble destiny he carries has given him the power to break through that formation, but at the cost of his life. Is that something you’d want?” Kaspar kept his things as he mumbled, “Heavenly luck, indeed. The heavens must truly love that young man.” 
Kaspar had cultivated the Arcane Way for 30 years before he could break a single formation. He couldn’t help but feel that there was something strange about Dalton, especially if he could break a formation, through sheer luck.
###chapter474
Chapter 474 Serving Revenge 
Inside the hospital building, Lana appeared to have sensed something, for she looked up in suspicion. 
“Lana, someone’s here!” her twin warned. 
Snarling, Lana flashed Wynter a savage look as she seethed, “I sense a heavenly presence in the air! You summoned help! You lied to us!” She looked maniacal. “You lied to us, just like the others!” 
She reached out to strangle Wynter, but her fingers had only just grazed Wynter’s neck when she stopped. 
Wynter did not hide. She stood facing Lana and said flatly, “If you can’t remember the person’s face, take your pick between non–celebrity guests one and three.” 
“What?” Lana was baffled. 
Wynter’s gaze darkened. “I told you I’d show you how grown–ups play their games. Since the person you seek vengeance on is unlikely to be among the celebrity guests, he could only be one of the two non- celebrity men here. 
“Between number one and three, I’d say the latter looks more menacing.” In a voice that was clear and calm, she continued, “He’s middle–aged and looks like he could be a father. 
“I wasn’t sure at first. But now that my acquaintance is here, I suppose I can let you take your revenge.” 
Lana froze. “Revenge?” 
Wynter’s gaze fell on Lana as she reached out to touch the latter as if she could comfort the twins. Resolve your grudge and go into the light. You could have your revenge or have him apologize on his
knees. I can make either one happen.” 
Lana gaped at her, looking somewhat endearing. “So you weren’t lying to us?” 
“Of course not,” Wynter answered with a small chuckle. “The person who just came into the building is of 
great help to me. 
“Without him, I wouldn’t be able to exact vengeance for you. Now that he’s here, he can help cover up my 
tracks while I work.” 
There were shadows under Lana’s eyes. “Can we really have our revenge?” 
Wynter gently gripped Lana’s shoulders and spun her to face the window. “You can. Now, take your pick. Let me win this game after the story ends, okay?” 
Meanwhile, the other guests listened in on the conversation. 
Having witnessed such strange events, Oliver was about to ask Tobias if Wynter was out of her mind to want the story to continue. 
Half of the guests had already passed out from fear. Joshua and Horace faltered at once after Wynter had urged Lana to choose one of them to exact vengeance on. 
However, Horace made his move first. He suddenly pulled Oliver to his feet and hissed, “Don’t pick me! I don’t know anything about that damned washing machine you speak of! Come near me and I’ll kill him!” 
He had a scalpel in his hand. No one, not even Oliver, had noticed this.
Oliver had chosen Horace as his partner in hopes that he would do the dirty work by solving all the clues. After all, with his unassuming countenance, Horace made for an easy target. 
Oliver certainly never expected to be held at knifepoint! He blanched as blood seeped out from the thin cut on his neck. At the sight of this, Wynter raised a brow in amusement. 
Tobias urged, “Put the knife down!” 
“Enough!” Horace roared, tightening his grip on Oliver. “This piece of shit has been giving me orders since the start of the game, and I’m sick of it!” 
Oliver pleaded, shuddering. “Hey, buddy. Let’s talk things out! I’m sorry for what I did!” 
“Sorry? You weren’t sorry when you snatched my flashlight!” Horace snorted. “I escaped and stumbled onto this set, not knowing that you’d be filming a show here. 
“You were so full of yourself when you mocked me. Well, look at you now, hotshot!” 
With that, he kicked Oliver, his fury evident.
###chapter475
Chapter 475 Hostage Situation 
Oliver dared not fight back against Horace. 
The contempt was clear in Horace’s eyes as he held the scalpel against Tobias’s throat, seething, “If you want to save him, tell the production crew to stop with these special effects. 
“Did you think all this pretending would stop me from noticing the police cruisers pulling up outside? I already saw them! 
“And if you think you can assist the 
buy them time, you’re wrong!” 
e with capturing me by spinning some ridiculous horror story to 
He dragged Oliver to where the cameras were and demanded, “I’ll make my request simple: don’t come 
into the building. For every outsider that comes in, I’ll kill one hostage!” 
The production crew flew into a panic. After watching Dalton enter the building, Dexter thundered, “Who recruited that non–celebrity guest?” 
“M- Me…” A bespectacled intern raised his hand timidly, adjusting his glasses. “In my defense, he stated 
on his resumé that he was a surgeon by profession, and I didn’t doubt it, so I…” 
The Special Operations Team was ready to strike. Their leader ordered, “Be careful, the criminal has a
knife. I repeat, the criminal has a knife, Do not let him hurt the hostages.” 
At this point, a long length of police tape had cordoned the hospital off. The Special Operations Team had also evacuated the production set. 
Dexter stopped a police officer on duty and asked anxiously, “Excuse me, officer, but what is the suspect 
wanted for?” 
“illegal organ trading and serial homicide,” the officer answered. He put up a hand and said, “You have to 
get out of here. His countersurveillance and hypervigilance make him extremely dangerous. 
“The man is medically qualified, and that’s why it took us this long to track him down. We reckon we 
might need some time before we can wrap things up here.” 
Dexter’s jaw dropped when he heard this. He gripped a fistful of his hair and shot a withering look at the intern. “You certainly know how to pick them.” 
Talk about a diverse cast. Who would have thought that a homicidal maniac and evil spirits would become guests on a game show? 
Dexter shuddered at the thought of being held accountable for any casualties inside the children’s hospital. 
“Don’t worry, Mr. Lyons, I… I’ye checked the statistics, and the streaming numbers for our show are still climbing.” The intern showed Dexter his phone screen. “See? The audience loves how unscripted the storyline is.
“They find the plot twists refreshing, and the praise just keeps flooding in!” 
Chapter 475 Hostage Situation 
Dexter wanted to sob. He didn’t care about the popularity of the show. He just wanted everyone Inside. that building to be safe. 
Meanwhile, Horace stood in the dim room on the second floor of the children’s hospital as he looked up 
at the cameras. 
A crazed gleam shone in his eyes as he said, “I heard this show is all the rage. I’m sure a lot of people are watching this right now. 
“Let me go free, or ill take all these celebrities down with me. At least I’ll have company in hell.” 
Oliver was on the brink of wetting his pants. He cast a desperate look at Tobias, silently begging the latter 
to save him. 
However, Wynter surprised everyone by stepping forward. She paid no mind to Oliver as she gave Horace 
a cursory look. “Guess you’re not the person the twins are looking for.” 
Horace couldn’t believe Wynter could look so at ease even when he was holding a knife to Oliver’s neck. 
“Your acting’s pretty good for a newble,” Horace remarked with a sneer. “Stop going on about the twins. Patience isn’t my strong suit, so one of you had better go out and tell the production crew to let me go
free, or I’ll- 
Before he could finish his threat, Wynter’s hand darted out and grabbed his wrist. “If you’re not the one the twins are after, then stop getting in the way of their revenge and go stand in the corner!” 
Horace gaped at her. He hadn’t even gotten his thoughts in order before he heard his wrist cracking. He was in so much pain that he was forced to release Oliver, 
Wynter wasted no time kicking Horace into the corner after that.
###chapter476
Chapter 476 Another Killer 
Wynter threw all her might into the kick that sent Horace flying. His lower back hit the wall and he slumped to the floor, groaning. 
A second ago, he had been holding Oliver hostage. Now, he was coughing blood on the floor. 
The comment section fell silent. Dexter was on the verge of tears when he saw this and paused. “Did she just take the suspect down?” 
The audience was shocked. 
“This has got to be the shortest hostage situation I’ve ever seen,” someone commented. 
“Is he really a… serial killer?” someone speculated. 
“Yes! See, even the internet police put up his information!” 
The internet police had disclosed Horace’s personal information and criminal record after the broadcast couldn’t be stopped. At once, comments flooded in. 
“Number five has got to be working for the cops!” 
“She who 
has done nothing wrong shall fear no evil, right?” 
“But the internet police didn’t say anything about knowing her. For all we know, she’s just a candidate 
selected at random.” 
“She’s won me over completely nonetheless.”
“Guys, you’re missing the point! If Horace isn’t the douchebag who killed his twins, then Joshua is the only one who fits the profile!” 
Before the camera could pan to Joshua, he bolted down the stairs. Joshua barely looked older than 19. 
Baffled that Joshua, who was so young, could be a father of three children, Dexter glanced at the intern in 
askance. 
The intern sheepishly adjusted his glasses. “He provided false information, apparently. If anyone guessed his identity correctly, they would get a hidden score at best.” 
“He was chosen by you too?” Dexter thought he was going to go mad. 
The intern should have verified the candidates‘ personal information. How could he make such a mess of selecting candidates for the show? 
If there were anyone who would not be affected by the Earthbound Formation, it would be the person who killed the maker of that formation. 
Joshua hurtled down the stairs, his face awash with panic. He had been quiet since getting here, almost like none of this had anything to do with him. 
In truth, he didn’t think the haunting upstairs had anything to do with him either until Wynter and the NPC 
Chapter 476 Another Killer 
brought up the twins‘ story. That was when Joshua felt his palms getting sweaty.
He wondered if the production crew had dug up his past before inviting him to be a guest on the show. That would explain the high pay he was offered for each episode. The crew had been setting him up for a big reveal. 
Joshua could only think of one solution–lying through his teeth. He would not confess to his crimes no 
matter what. 
Losing his moral compass had made pretending a lot easier. There was nothing he wouldn’t do to save 
himself. 
He hadn’t forgotten what the fortune teller told him–lost souls feared those who killed them the most. As such, Joshua had nothing to be afraid of. The twins wouldn’t come near him. 
Just as Joshua was about to reach the landing, he bumped into someone walking up the stairs. 
Startled, Joshua quickly grabbed the person’s arm, saying, “Turn around, pal. You don’t want to go up there where the serial killer is! It’s dangerous!” 
The robed apprentice behind the person was convinced. “Where’s the serial killer?” 
“Upstairs, with the others!” Joshua answered, continuing to put on an act upon seeing that the person had 
come with reinforcement. 
“Didn’t you guys notice that your phone reception was cut off when you entered this building? This is a – strange place, and the killer has taken a hostage at knifepoint!”
The person whom Joshua was grabbing onto coughed lightly. He asked quietly in a husky voice,” “Sir, would you mind letting go of me?” 
Despite the person’s polite tone, Joshua registered the withering look in the former’s eyes. The gaze was so intimidating that Joshua let him go.
###chapter477
Chapter 477 Power Couple 
Joshua let go, and Dalton, whose handsome features made him look out of place in an abandoned 
building like this, gazed at him curiously ow did you get out if the serial killer was as vicious as you 
sald?” 
Maurice agreed after collecting his thoughts. “Yes. How are you moving so freely within the formation?” 
He wondered if Joshua was blessed with heavenly luck too. He then began to question if heavenly luck had been given out in a free–for–all and he had somehow missed the memo. 
Maurice had little experience in the real world, so his first reaction was to call for Kaspar. “Master!” 
However, Kaspar had no time to entertain his apprentice’s questions. He bolted up to the second floor, where the evil aura was strongest. 
Seeing this, Joshua thought he could sneak away. However, Dalton blocked his way and asked, “Could you show us the way to the room where the hostages are?” 
“There’s a killer in there!” Joshua snapped, wondering if the handsome man before him was deaf or simply had a death wish. 
Dalton eyed him evenly. “We’re looking for the killer.” 
“What?” Joshua gaped at him. 
Dalton said slowly. “You provided false information when you signed up as a show candidate Your real 
name is Josiah Geller, and you’re 33 years old. You married and started a family at a young age.
“You had twin daughters, but now you’re left with only a three–year–old son. The reason you’re back in 
Kingbourne is to seek medical treatment for your son. 
“He’s developmentally retarded and requires expensive, ongoing treatment. The money you received as compensation from the manufacturer ran out in the last three years. 
“When you found out how much Ultimate Survival was willing to pay its candidates per episode, you decided to try your luck and signed up for it. 
“You didn’t think you would be picked, but you changed your personal information for fear of having your 
past dug up. 
Dakton recited Josiah’s entire history as if he was familiar with the case details and was merely laying down the pretext of it. 
Dalton had always been lethal with his intelligence and resourcefulness. In the short drive it took to get to the set, he had already memorized all there was to know about Josiah. 
Josiah blanched. He glared at Dalton menacingly and warned, “Stay out of it, pal. Go after the killer upstairs if you want and leave me alone!” 
He wouldn’t let a delicate–looking man like Dalton threaten him into submission, no matter how elegant and imposing Dalton appeared. 
Josiah narrowed his eyes as he assessed Dalton. He might not have been able to take on that crazy young lady upstairs, but he could certainly fight a sheltered scion.
However, before Josiah could strike, Dalton had already raised one long leg and kicked him hard. Dalton. pulled off the move effortlessly and gracefully. He didn’t move like a sick person at all. 
Not one to waste time on small talk, he gazed d glaring up at him. 
at Josiah, who had doubled over in pain and was 
“Mr. Geller, I forgot to mention that I’m a bit of a germaphobe, and I don’t like being touched,” 
Blood filled Josiah’s mouth, and he had lost a tooth after taking a kick from Dalton. 
Wynter came downstairs in time to catch this moment. She glanced at Dalton, her beautiful fiancé, standing tall and straight in the shadows. He looked imperious in his white shirt and dark trench coat. 
As if sensing her gaze on him, Dalton looked up at her. A smile curled on his lips as he explained, “He was going to hit me. I kicked him out of self–defense. Do I get a reward for stopping the culprit?” 
He reached down to pull Josiah up by the collar. With one fling, he tossed the latter at Wynter’s feet effortlessly. 
A brief look at Josiah told Wynter he was still breathing. She glanced at Dalton and took in his purplish 
aura. “That’s great and all, but I kind of need something else from you. 
“Hmm?” Dalton raised a brow. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###chapter478
Chapter 478 We Meet Again 
“Luck,” Wynter said briefly before bracing her arms against the handrail behind Dalton as she pressed her lips to his. 
Their heights matched perfectly, and his fine looks complemented hers as well. 
The only difference lay in their carriage. Where Dalton was imperious and aloof, Wynter had the makings of a temptress. In summary, they made a handsome pair. 
Maurice’s eyes widened at the sight of this. This was the first time he had seen heavenly luck being borrowed this way. He cried out to Kaspar in alarm, “Master!” 
“What are you yelling for? Watch Dalton’s back,” Kaspar said tersely. He was busy mustering strength for breaking the formation. “Don’t let the evil aura get near him.” 
“Do I stop him from being kissed too?” Maurice asked loudly. 
Kissed? Kaspar had only just located Lana, and he was about to perform the Arcane Way on the dark shadow writhing behind her when he paused. 
For a moment, he doubted himself. Did he make a mistake? Was there a greater evil downstairs? Why else would Dalton, of all people, get kissed all of a sudden? 
While Kaspar was momentarily distracted, Lana darted past him with the dark shadow in her wake. The lights overhead flickered. 
Lana was the older sister, and protecting her younger twin was a matter of instinct.
Kaspar was a master of the Arcane Way and was only a level away from being a grand master. If he were to get his hands on her, he would shatter their souls. 
When Kaspar realized Lana was getting away, he quickly fished out an artifact to stop her. But at the next. 
second, a lucky coin was tossed in his direction. 
At once, the aura of the artifact dissipated, and another figure appeared before Lana. 
Kaspar recognized Wynter right away. “You’re the young lady from the hotel!” 
..wynter replied politely Fi 
“In the seems we meet again, Mr. Stavius.” 
She then cast a sidelong glance at Lana. “Go ahead and do what you must. I’ve already talked to my 
acquaintance, so go and have your revenge the way you like it.” 
Lana was about to say something when Wynter urged quietly, “Go!” 
Kaspar’s gray brows knitted at this. “Young lady, stay out of this! You have no idea what you’ve just done!” 
“Oh, I’m well aware,” Wynter countered without stepping out of Kaspar’s way. “She set up the Earthbound 
Formation.” 
“You know that?” Kaspar paused. It didn’t take him long to put two and two together. He stared at Wynter
Chipter 473 We Meet Again 
with wide eyes and said, “You’re the one who broke that formation the other day!” 
“Pleasure to meet you, Mr. Stavius,” Wynter quipped with a smile, not at all denying his accusation. 
Kaspar exclaimed, “My child, where have you been? I’ve been looking everywhere for you!” 
This surprised Wynter. She had no idea what he was going on about. 
Glancing at Maurice, who was downstairs, Kaspar patted Wynter on the shoulder and said, “I must go and break the formation first. We’ll talk about your apprenticeship once I’m done.” 
But Wynter did not let him past her. “Mr. Stavius, I need to talk to you about this breaking–the– formation 
business.” 
When Kaspar saw that she would not budge, he understood her intentions. “You’ve made up your mind to help that evil spirit? Don’t you know how that will disrupt the heavenly balance?” 
“Heavenly balance?” Wynter pointed out crisply, “I can’t cultivate that, but I do have a question for you, Mr. Stavius. Is blind loyalty true loyalty?” 
Kaspar had been cultivating the Arcane Way for years, and his stance on the matter was clear. “No.” 
“If I was killed by my parents and my death was brutal, is my grudge justified?” Wynter pressed. 
Kaspar froze. “I don’t think any parent would be so cruel as to-”
“Mr. Stavius, your compassion makes you a great cultivator of the Arcane Way,” Wynter said, cutting him off. “But you have secluded yourself in the mountains for years and have cut off contact with the outside. 
world. 
“What good will the fruits of your cultivation do if you do not recognize the pain and suffering that are rife within society?”
###chapter479
Chapter 479 The Truth Revealed 
Wynter held onto the lucky coin, the purple aura swirling in her hand. “Some folks just prefer sons over daughters. They treat daughters like they’re nothing, ready to toss them aside or sell them off. 
“And some dads, after cheating, would sooner see their own kids gone than stick around with the mistress. If there’s really justice out there, it better start paying attention.” 
“Stop talking about human rules. They just want fairness, not to be called evil spirits. 
“Master, who’s the real bad guy?” 
Kaspar, paused, deep in thought. Some folks could achieve the impossible, and others found enlightenment in one night. 
He didn’t go downstairs. Instead, he sat where he was, basically telling Wynter the answer. 
Meanwhile, James had opened his eyes. As he watched as two tiny figures approached him, he felt a shiver run down his spine. 
Turning his head, he spotted Maurice, who had tears streaming down his face. “Master, save me, please!” 
Maurice couldn’t step forward as there was a heaven’s chosen one blocking his way. 
Lana was initially wary of James‘ handsome appearance. They were unloved spirits who could see what 
other spirits couldn’t, and the darkness surrounding him was almost thicker than their own aura.
It blended with numerous strands of celestial purple aura, which made them feel both at ease and afraid. 
To their surprise, James glanced at them and said, “They are over there. Go on. Stay out of sight.” 
It wasn’t just the twins. It seemed like all the spirits within the spell were suddenly suppressed by some 
unseen force. 
They dared not stir from their hiding spots underworld. They wondered who exactly was standing above them! 
“I think I smell the scent of Master.” 
“Don’t talk nonsense! You might not even make it as a spirit!” 
The underworld went quiet. The creatures lurking in the shadows, who were just moments ago ready to exploit the chaos, backed off, afraid of getting caught. They knew they couldn’t keep going like this. 
In the human world, Dora and Carol exchanged a glance. Then, they respectfully bowed to Dalton. Afterward, they headed toward James. 
The hallway lights flickered, sending chills down James‘ spine. Their faces looked ghostly pale, and they had dark circles under their eyes 
“Do you know how much it hurt us? Dora and I never are much. We were afraid you’d get mad. 
“Later, I found out it wasn’t about how much we eat. It’s because we’re girls, and Kent’s a boy. He’s three 
now, but he can have KFC and pizza, and just toss whatever he can’t finish.
“Dora Just wanted one hot dog. But you said she’s just greedy and was wasting your money. 
“If you don’t love us, why bring us into this world?” 
Upon listening to Carol, James felt less scared. He clenched his fists as he watched her. “You’re so annoying! All this fuss over a hot dog!” 
“You two were always trouble. Did you think I really wanted you?” James knew there were no cameras, so he revealed his true nature. “Don’t think you can scare me like this. Someone already told me that, deep down, you’re scared of me!” 
“I’ll repeat what I did before!” James said, pulling out the jade pendant hanging around their neck. His expression was even more sinister than that of a spirit!
###chapter480
Chapter 480 We Will Protect Master From Now On 
The glow of the pendant made Dora and Carol feel like they were diving into flames. The heat radiating from it made them instinctively shield their faces. 
But before they could react, someone grabbed James and yanked the jade pendant out of his hand! 
“You never learn, huh?” Wynter tightened her grip on his neck, her gaze dark and intense. 
James‘ face tumed pale. As his feet were lifted off the ground, he started gasping for air. He knew she meant to kill him. He began pleading. “… messed up, I 
“It’s too late,” Wynter muttered. The tension in the hallway grew heavier. 
Suddenly, a voice pierced the air, stopping her. “Ms. Quinnell, forget it.” 
Wynter looked down. It was Dora tugging at her sleeve. “If you kill him, you’d go to jail. We don’t want you to go to jail.” 
“Yeah.” Carol nodded slightly. “Ms. Quinnell, we trusted you. The folks downstairs told us we could get expensive lawyers to fight this. Once this mess is over, could you get him for us?” 
Wynter’s eyes flickered with anger. “Alright.” 
In cases of murder, a prosecution was necessary. But it had been three years. Restarting a case was tough 
But for Wynter, it was no big deal. “I’ll take care of him for you.” 
“We won’t have any regrets then.” Dora leaned against her leg. “We’re not bad kids, right?”
Wynter patted Dora’s head. “You’re not.” 
“I’ve done bad things. But Carol hasn’t.” Dora looked up at Wynter. “Can you help Carol move on and let her reincarnate? Can you give her some luck so that when she’s reborn, there’ll be caring adults for her?” 
Wynter looked at her. “Sure.” 
“Deal!” Dora said sweetly and began to fade away. 
The tension around them suddenly disappeared! Above the children’s hospital, the sky cleared up instantly! 
Dora had willingly resolved her grudges, redeeming every spirit within a hundred miles. It was like a spell of heavy rain brought life to everything. 
Carol reached out for Dora, her eyes blazing red. However, all she caught was thick and swirling black 
mist. 
“Is Dora gone, Master?” Leo jumped onto Wynter’s shoulder, crying as it buried its face. “Can we save her, please?” 
Upon hearing this, Wynter tossed the purple aura from her palm into the air. Then, she bit her fingertip and 
Chanth: 480 We Will Protect Master From Now On 
said, “With my blood, I build its spirit.” 
Suddenly, the black mist halted. Blood dripped into the soul, and the heavens lent it their power. The dark shadow began gathering, originally capable of transforming into a human. 
But with a will of its own, it transformed into specks of sparkles, landing on the purple sugilite pendant hanging from Wyntern’s waist. 
“Master, I’ll stick with you. If you ever face danger, I’ll come out to shield you.” 
It was rare for spirits to voluntarily take on the role of protector, using their bodies as protective tools. 
There weren’t many like that. 
Maurice watched from afar, feeling intensely envious! To his surprise, another one came right after the 
first! 
“I don’t want to be reincarnated. I’ll protect you with Dora.” Carol forcibly transformed itself using its soul and landed in Wynter’s palm. 
“Master, can you tie me and Dora together? I’m very happy. How about you, Dora?” 
The purple sugilite pendant emitted a soft light. “Me too.” 
Wynter didn’t refuse their request and strung them together. Then, she glanced up and spotted Maurice not far away.
###chapter481
Chapter 481 Don’t You Know Who She Is 
Maurice spoke up. “Hey fellow, just a word of advice. Hanging around with spirits for too long isn’t good for your own spiritual practice. 
I’m into that stuff,” Wynter sald as she dragged James out of the dark hallway with one hand. 
She would fulfill the wishes of Carol and Dora and let the law deal with him. And a little editing of the recording was all that was necessary. She was going to make sure everyone knew the whole story! 
Maurice hesitated for a moment before rushing over. “Seriously? With skills like yours, not getting into spiritual practice is such a waste! I’ve never seen a spirit voluntarily submit like that before. 
“And is that thing clinging to you a resentful infant? Why Isn’t it hurting you?” He then bent over and 
cooed, “Hey buddy!” 
Wynter didn’t bother to explain. She just struck him at a vital point. Despite the shock to his system, Maurice was even more amazed now! Wynter knew how to strike a vital point! 
as 
as some 
In the hallway, Dalton knew what Wynter had done, but didn’t intervene. He was cleaning up scenes without cameras needed a logical explanation. 
With another loud crash, the Special Operation Team members stormed in. Their first move was to rush upstairs to nab the criminal and free the hostages.
All the guests were feeling really bad. Among those who were rescued from the building, only Tobias was rational and alert. The others were all shaken up, including the criminal! 
“There was something spooky going on. This wasn’t your usual show!” The criminal grabbed the director Dexter. “This wasn’t acting! She wasn’t acting!” 
Due to the footage that had been recorded, the celebrities ended up trending everywhere. They were all a mess, especially Zane, who had lost his heartthrob image. 
The media folks were lurking around the set, not giving up their chance at a scoop. They were parked outside the hospital, not to interview Zane, but to catch Lucy! As Lucy’s deeds were out in the open now, her downfall was certain! 
Despite some agents rushing in, they couldn’t shield their artists from being caught on camera. 
Jacqueline was the only one who didn’t need to salvage Tobias‘ image. The first thing she did when she went in was to ask Tobias, “Were you hurt?” 
Tobias shook his head, looking around. “Hey Jacqueline, where’s my partner?” 
“She hasn’t come out yet. The cameras inside are all busted, so we can’t see what’s going on,” Jacqueline replied, seeing his concern. “But don’t worry. The Special Operations Team members are in there. She’ll 
be fine.” 
Tobias frowned as he said, “No way. I gotta go back and find her.” 
“Who are you looking for?” Dalton asked as he and Wynter stepped out together. His bracelet had 
Chapter 491 Dont You Know Who She is
somehow ended up on her wrist. 
The first floor of the hospital was dimly lit, and some hallways were completely dark. 
Tobias didn’t even realize Dalton was there. He hesitated for a moment before saying, “Come on, It’s just. a TV show. Do you really have to get involved?” 
Upon hearing this, Dalton raised his eyebrow. He caught on quickly. Glancing at Wynter, he asked, “He doesn’t know who you are yet?” 
“Not yet,” Wynter replied, leaning on Dalton. Her lips were pale, but she seemed relaxed. 
She whispered, “I didn’t have a chance to tell him. I was afraid if I did, he’d rush to protect me, making it 
hard for me to act. 
Upon hearing her explanation, Dalton couldn’t help but feel bad for her even though he knew she was fine. 
“Next time if you want to do something, just let me know. You’ve been taking care of me for so long. It’s 
not an issue.” 
Tobias watched the two of them acting all cozy. His anger flared up in an instant!
###chapter482
Chapter 482 Love Will Always Exist Among Humans 
Just as Tobias was about to speak up, a bunch of media folks crowded around him. 
“Hey, Kina, other guests were saying some unexplainable stuff on the show. What do you think?” 
“There were a few times during the recording when the screen glitched out. What happened then?” 
But when they noticed Wynter, the media folks acted like they had found someone more interesting to Interview and hurried past him. 
“Miss Number 5, as the MVP of this round, you totally rocked it!” 
“We all are curious, how did you manage to stay so cool under that kind of pressure?” 
“Your problem–solving skills were right on point and super fast!” 
“Were there really twins in the game? That NPC actor Lana seemed really off.” 
“The other guests were all spooked. We heard that even Mr. Stavius from Mt. Dragon showed up. Is that 
true?” 
The cameras weren’t just focused on Wynter. Several of them were also pointed at Dalton. 
He looked up and gave the reporters across from him a quick glance, saying, “Hey, you guys… instead of all the gossip, shouldn’t you all be concerned about the truth?” 
Wynter touched her purple sugilite pendant at her waist. Her gaze was soft. “I can assure you that there are no made–up stories in this show. It’s all facts.
“I’ll keep an eye on the case progress. Later, my lawyer will ask the court to reopen the case and prosecute Bystander Number 1. Let the deceased rest in peace. 
“Mr. Lyons intends to use the show as a platform to tell everyone that if your parents aren’t treating you right, remember, it’s not your fault. Some people just aren’t meant to be parents.” 
Wynter glanced over at the director team nearby. “And remember folks, trust in science. Don’t believe in 
superstition.” 
Huh? Did that mean there were no spirits? The media folks were puzzled and immediately raised their microphones to ask more questions. 
But the Special Operations Team members immediately came over to disperse them. 
Some scenes might have been leaked. But as long as they didn’t catch Kaspar on camera, it would be 
easy to explain. 
And with Wynter’s final words, nobody cared anymore if it was supernatural or not. Some were convinced that supernatural stuff had happened. Others suggested that the production team hired talented actors. 
“If they’re actors, the production team is really unlucky to get two criminals in one season.” 
“It’s too bad we couldn’t see some scenes. What’s the story’s ending? Did the twins get their revenge?” 
Chapter 402 Love Will Always! 
“I just heard Miss Number 5 say she’s going to seek a prosecution! Can’t wait for that!”
When folks started watching the TV show, they were scared at first. But now that the show was over, everyone was more interested in what happened to the bad guys. 
Some people felt sorry for the twins and left messages on their own. 
“Kids, heaven’s all joy. You’ll love it.” 
“I’m pregnant. If you two don’t mind, and you wanna reincarnate again, come find me, okay?” 
“Yeah, me too! I love daughters. Momma will love you.” 
“For the first time, I hope they’ll have another life.” 
Long ago, in Shumland, all the power of the gods came from belief and prayers. The more people believed, the stronger their power was. 
Every loving word and blessing turned into fortune, falling into the purple sugilite pendant. 
Wynter felt a warmth around her waist as Leo bounced on her shoulder. “Master, you’ve got followers!” 
Followers? Wynter glanced down. Her fingertips were stained with blood, sliding over the white pearls 
again. 
Carol and Dora felt a warmth and spiritual power. They knew it was purifying them, so they emitted a faint glow. Regular folks couldn’t see it, but Kaspar could
###chapter483
Chapter 483 Yvette Faced Embarrassment 
Kaspar stood up after taking a moment to ponder. 
Maurice was stunned. “Master, that’s 
“Wow, look at that,” chuckled Kaspar, his silver hair catching the light as he glanced downstairs. “An evil spirit turning into a holy one, stepping up to save lives when it counts. Not bad. My apprentice is definitely talented at spiritual practice.” 
Maurice was puzzled. He asked, “Apprentice? But Master, that young lady said she’s not into spiritual practice!” 
Kaspar didn’t care about that. If he wanted a disciple, he would do whatever it took to get one! 
Downstairs, the Special Operations Team members had kicked out some of the media to maintain order. Meanwhile, a few celebrities snapped out of their reverie as a chilly breeze hit them. 
Lucy snapped out of her daze and immediately grabbed her assistant, Nana Ewing’s, arm. “Get PR to deny the abortion. Spend whatever it takes.” 
Nana winced from her tight grip. “Lucy, the footage’s already out there. Everyone’s seen it. We can’t spin it. 
“No way we can’t spin it!” Lucy grabbed something nearby and threw it at Nana. “We’ve handled bigger messes before. Are you dumb? Figure it out!” 
Originally, no one had noticed that she was awake. But with her outburst, some entertainment reporter came over. Now, the whole nation knew what kind of person Lucy really was.
However, it was Oliver who took the biggest hit. Zane would be saved by the Lawton family. They had the funds to protect him, so there would be less negative press for sure. 
Out of all the celebrities on the show, only Tobias came out with good press. Even the haters who used to 
doubt Tobias were changing their tune now. 
Zane used to diss Kina. But now, it’s obvious who’s the real deal.” 
“Wow, Kina really impressed me this time!! 
“I’m totally into Miss Number 5. She’s awesome! I wonder who she is?” 
These comments were exactly what everyone wanted to hear. Many folks were eager to find out more. 
about Wynter. 
On her phone, Yvette, who was still waiting for updates, clenched her fists. Her eyes were glued to the 
interview on the screen. 
“You just love ruining my good luck, huh? This is so frustrating!” 
Yvette had hoped to use this chance to get in with the Quinnell family. But why was Wynter always around? And where did she learn her fighting skills? Ewan and Wanda never told her about that. 
Could It be Harriet pulled some strings to get her trained? Thinking of the possibility, Yvette grew furious. Harrle was unbellevable! How could she choose to help an outsider Instead of her own granddaughter?
Tobias was supposed to be killed today by a falling piece of equipment as he tried to rescue someone Following that incident, Ultimate Survival would’ve been axed because of its bad luck. 
There was also some twin case going on. But who cared about that? The real focus was on these. celebrities! They were all scared out of their wits. 
Today’s show was super messed up. Some shots were Incomplete, le 
never revealed. 
out crucial details that were 
was, alius 
Yvette had no clue about any of this. But Tobias being gone was a fact! Yet, here he and well! This meant everything she knew from her past life was off! 
Yvette reminded herself to stay cool. She needed to figure out if Tobias dodged the danger himself or took a hint from Yvonne to avoid the falling equipment. 
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###chapter484
Chapter 484 The Oppressive Aura From Wynter 
“Yeah! Just because my plan didn’t work out doesn’t mean it’s a bust! I gotta reach out to Yvonne to 
double–check!” 
With that thought, Yvette immediately called Yvonne. However, she discovered that Yvonne’s phone was 
turned off. 
Outside the hospital, Yvonne still hadn’t settled down. Upon seeing Lucy almost losing it, she regretted ever joining this TV show. 
Lucy told others there were ghosts there and that Wynter could communicate with spirits. But no one believed her. 
The production team insisted, “It’s all scripted.” If it wasn’t scripted, the show would be over. 
When Oliver and Zane saw Wynter, they couldn’t help but shiver in fear. 
Yvonne felt the same way. Her friend, Joan Dobbs, sat beside her. When the Special Operations Team members approached them to ask some questions, her face turned pale. 
They had thought it was all over, but they still had to be questioned. 
“Wynter was with them.” Joan’s gaze landed on Oliver. Her voice was soft, but everyone present could hear it. 
“Don’t go blurting out stuff.” That was a warning. It made Yvonne flinch.
Oliver, who used to be cocky, now sounded obedient. “We won’t blabber. Don’t worry.” 
In the hospital, everyone saw how Wynter kicked the serial killer away in one swift move. 
But that wasn’t even the main thing. The real deal was that she could communicate with spirits! And those spirits even had her back! Those in the entertainment world didn’t dare to mess with her. 
Folks in the circle were into fortune–telling and changing their fates. Especially back then, those Southern celebrities would often seek out masters to make it big. 
Oliver had been in the circle for a long time and had seen it all. So, his attitude toward Wynter was nothing but respectful. 
There used to be a saying that went, “Never make enemies with anyone, especially Arcane masters“. If they really got riled up, it would only bring trouble! 
The Special Operations Team members didn’t expect to get much information from them. After all, this kind of case was really tricky to handle. They even needed help from the Special Unit. 
Wynter, who was their main focus but not easily questioned, gave them a hint. “Maybe you guys should check out who picked these fandom people.” 
Someone hurriedly wrote down what she was saying. Their main focus now was on Wynter’s abilities. 
The Oppressive Autir Erom V 
“Normally, in your situation, we’d need you to register.” 
Wynter nodded, showing she was cool with it. After all, they could say they believed in science and not superstition to the public. But for certain people, the authorities had to keep an eye on things.
But just as she was about to fill out the forms, Kaspar barged in and said, “Registration? That’s not necessary! She’s my apprenticel 
“Your apprentice?” The Special Operations Team members were shocked. “You took on an apprentice?” 
Kaspar nodded. “Soon.” The Special Operations Team members were left speechless. 
Wynter looked up with a light smile as she said, “Master, you’re a real joker.” 
Kaspar grinned at her, “Wynter, Mt. Dragon has nothing else but authenticity. In the future, if you want to hunt spirits, go for it. If you wanna talk about the Arcane Way, go ahead. There’s no need to hide like you did today.” 
“Master…” Wynter wanted to refuse. 
Kaspar sat down and got into character quickly, sounding‘ pretty sad. “I’m 101 this year. I’m the only one on Mt. Dragon without an apprentice. In a few years, when I’m gone, there won’t even be anyone to honor me.” 
The Special Operations Team members felt that it wasn’t their place to interfere. 
The head of Mt. Dragon was highly sought after for teachings. Kaspar had made it clear. He wouldn’t take on any apprentices, no matter if they offered him gifts or not.
###chapter485
Chapter 485 She Is Your Sister Wynter 
The Special Operations Team members glanced at Wynter. 
Wynter grinned. “Sorry, Master. But I already have a mentor.” 
“You’ve got a mentor?” Kaspar dropped the act. He frowned as he said, “You can’t even break a spell properly, let alone understand the Arcane Way! How do you have a mentor?” 
Wynter shrugged, tapping her lucky coin. “I wasn’t into it. I just picked up some theories while Atwater 
lectured.” 
Kaspar looked deflated. “You really have a mentor?” After saying that, he suddenly perked up and said, Where’s he at? I want to talk with him about the Arcane Way!” 
“I’ve looked for him too,” Wynter said with a faint smile. “If we’re meant to meet, it’ll happen.” 
Kaspar couldn’t take the hit. “Apprentice, give me a moment,” he said. 
For the first time in his life, as the head of Mt. Dragon, he felt like he had missed out on some real talent. 
“I’ll find you another day!” 
He had to come up with a win–win solution! Who needed a mentor who didn’t teach? He could do better. 
As long as he managed the sect better, he could be a mentor to Wynter. That guy who hadn’t shown up? He could be second in command!
Karpa’s eyes sparkled. The decision was made. He was heading to the Arcane Way Sect right away to 
announce it! 
While everyone was still giving their statements, Tobias had already said everything he needed to. After that, he went straight to meet Dalton. He needed an explanation for what had just happened. 
“What you just did was not cool,” Tobias said bluntly. His blue hair fell over his eyes, making him look. more intimidating than ever. 
Jacqueline knew he was really pissed off. So, she quickly grabbed his arm. “Hey, Kina, what are you doing? This is Mr. Yarwood!” 
Despite being the company’s top agent, it was Jacqueline’s first time meeting their major shareholder. She was surprised to see how young Dalton was. 
When she first met him, she thought she could really boost his popularity. After all, his charisma was just 
off the charts. 
But soon after, she got a call from the company telling her she had to be ready to answer any questions 
Dalton had. 
Jacqueline was now worried about Tobias. He was always straightforward and had offended his boss. 
After all, he wouldn’t even join them for a drink at social events, Last time, a producer tried to take 
Chapter 485 She & You Sister Wynter 
advantage of him, and he ended up knocking the guy out.
Toblas didn’t bother explaining his strange behavior to Jacqueline. 
But then Dalton suggested, “Hey Jacqueline, why don’t you step outside first? It looks like Kina wants to talk to me in private.” 
Despite him wording it as a suggestion, Dalton had made it clear to her that Jacqueline had no choice but 
to leave. 
With no one else around, Tobias didn’t need to hide his identity anymore. He turned to Dalton and said, ” You’re still engaged to Wynter. 
“Others might not dare to mess with the Yarwood family, and my dad might prioritize you in everything. But I’m not like them. If you ever hurt Wynter, I’ll make you regret it. Even if I end up injured!” 
As Tobias spoke, his gaze grew darker. 
Dalton kept his tone casual. “I haven’t done anything wrong.” 
But Tobias couldn’t hold back his frustration and said, “Look, I might not be as sharp as you. But I can see what’s going on here!” 
“I thought by now you could figure out who she is,” Dalton said, glancing at some of the footage that had been provided by the production team. 
Tobias, who was always protective of Wynter, couldn’t stay calm. “How would I know who she is? I just met her today. I admit she’s impressive, but…….“ 
“She’s Wynter,” Dalton said calmly, a hint of amusement in his eyes. “My fiancée, and your sister.
###chapter486
Chapter 486 Toblas is Feeling Regretful 
Suddenly, Tobias froze in disbelief! His mouth was left hanging open, and he was unable to utter a single word. His mind kept repeating Dalton’s words. “She’s your sister, Wynter.” 
On the screen, they just happened to play the scene where he refused to allow the other person to call him. He had just rejected Wynter on the show publicly? 
Tobias grabbed his hair in frustration, his annoyance evident. Luckily, he was handsome enough to get away with it. Otherwise, he would look foolish with that expression. 
There was quite a contrast now. The big–shot celebrity was finally being exposed. Tobias felt a bit flustered. He paced back and forth in the interview room, filled with regret. 
How did he even manage to blurt out those words “Don’t love me, it’s pointless!” back then? Why hadn’t Fabian given him a heads–up that Wynter was coming for the show? 
Tobias wanted to meet her. But he was worried about his recent attitude and felt like a lost cause. He couldn’t feel happy. 
Elliot was right. Wynter was just the same as when she was little. She was smart, charming, and even better than they imagined! Tobias could sense that Wynter had been protecting him throughout the show. 
Initially, he just saw her as a girl with a strong sense of justice. But now, he realized Wynter may have come specifically to help him out, especially considering Wynter’s behavior on the show wasn’t typical of an ordinary person! 
“Wynter showed up because she sensed I was in trouble, right?” Tobias exclaimed. His face lit up with surprise as he looked at Dalton. “She’s into fortune predictions!”
Dalton glanced at him and replied, “I’m not sure. You can ask her later. But about this… shouldn’t you handle them?” 
With that, Dalton tapped open a profile page of Tobias‘ fan blogger on his phone. She went by the name LoveKinaSoMuch” and had a lot of followers. 
“Am I the only one who thinks she was too close to Kina on the show? Is Miss Number 5 not a newcomer? Just curious,” LoveKinaSoMuch wrote, sharing lots of pictures and giving her take on things. 
“Kina warned her not to get too close. But Miss Number 5 kept shadowing him during tasks.” 
This sparked some drama in the fan community. 
After all, LoveKinaSoMuch had always been a big fan of Kina. She had even posted some amazing. photos, making it seem like she had some real connection in the circle. 
She always managed to predict Kina’s next moves, giving off the impression of true love. 
The other fans, who hadn’t watched the full show but only the edited clips, started criticizing Wynter online. Some even threatened to expose her real identity! 
Meanwhile, Yvette, who was watching the drama unfold, was pleased with the outcome. She couldn’t 
reach Yvonne by phone. But she didn’t want to see Wynter’s popularity skyrocketing. 
So, she decided to use her own online account, one she had worked hard to build up.
Spending money and buying influence, she almed to stir up some buzz and infiltrate the fan community. That would give her some online clout. 
After all, fans loved celebrity gossip. What was the point of someone doing a livestream about being sick? 
They had already given the money back to Margaret. She didn’t believe Wynter could communicate with spirits! 
Act Fast:
###chapter487
Chapter 487 Toblas is Protecting Wynter 
Yvette didn’t believe Wynter could communicate with spirits. Wynter had only learned the medical skills. from Margaret. Yvette thought she was just bluffing. 
If Wynter really knew about fortune predictions, why didn’t she show it back when she was in Southdale? 
Yvette was not convinced as she had consulted Ewan about it. 
Ewan had been doing well in Kingbourne lately, landing numerous construction projects with her 
assistance. 
On the other end, Ewan said, “Wynter? Fortune predictions? She’s a jinx! Can’t even pass school, what does she know about it?” 
“She’s in Kingbourne too?” Ewan couldn’t help but raise his voice, now fond of mimicking the way locals spoke. “And she dares to show up in front of you?” 
Ewan and Yvette were different now compared to before. Especially Yvette, she was mingling with the upper class. 
When Ewan was in Southdale, he didn’t think there was much of a difference between there and 
Kingbourne. 
But when they actually came here, he realized that Southdale was nothing compared to Kingbourne. The wealthy and powerful here were the real deal!
“Grandma’s probably tagging along too.” Yvette decided to call Ewan herself, thinking she could find out more about Margaret from him and take advantage of her. 
But Ewan was not keen on reaching out to Margaret. “So what if Mom’s here? She always thinks that Wynter’s the best. She is old now, so why is she still coming to Kingbourne? Doesn’t she tire of it?” 
“Maybe she’s here for Wynter’s schooling.” Yvette guessed. 
Ewan sneered coldly. “Mom’s been poor her whole life.” 
“Dad, no matter what, she’s still Grandma,” Yvette said, lowering her gaze. “I want to visit them with your 
one day.” 
Ewan frowned. “What’s the point of visiting them? If Wynter can’t get into a Kingbourne school, Mom’s gonna expect me to take care of it 
“Dad, try to see things differently,” Yvette said, looking displeased. “Remember what I told you–people in Kingbourne care about their families.” 
Ewan figured he had a good chance to take Margaret along and get some sympathy. Upon seeing her difficulty moving, maybe it would make the other person feel compassionate. 
“Alright. I will go along with your plan. You set it up.” With Ewan’s agreement, Yvette started getting things 
ready. 
Chapter 467 Tobias is Protecting Wynter
As for what was happening online, the more people criticized Wynter, the happler Yvette felt. The fans had Yvette’s back. Yvette figured that if she couldn’t do anything, neither could Wynterl 
But just as she was feeling good about everything, a notification suddenly popped up on her phone. It was 
marked with a star. 
As soon as Yvette clicked on it, her eyes widened! It was Tobias! He actually reposted her blog post with his main account! Taking a look at the content, Yvette’s face turned pale. Tobias‘ anger was clear in his 
words 
“I’m really grateful for my partner’s help on the show. Without them, I might’ve been kicked out early. My partner is smart, kind, and fair. I hope everyone can see through the shady edits. I’ll find out who started 
these rumors!” 
When Tobias posted this, it surprised not only his fans but even regular internet users.. 
After all, Tobias had a lot of scandals on him, but he never bothered with them. Now, he was actually standing up for his partner?
###chapter488
Chapter 488 The Familles Still Looking Down on Wynter 
Wasn’t Tobias worried about losing big fans or getting dissed? Clearly, he didn’t give a damn about that. Nobody was more important than Wynter. That had come straight from Tobias himself. 
And just like that, the fans‘ attitudes changed. Someone quickly released the original footage. 
“Kina’s fans have to be cautious. Miss Number 5 is now the MVP.” 
“The whole story revolves around Miss Number 5. Without her, it wouldn’t be the same. She doesn’t need anyone else’s famel” 
“Exactly! It’s weird how this big fan of Kina suddenly starts dissing Miss Number 5 and sharing sketchy pics. Something’s not right.” 
“Not only that, their comments are super biased. Miss Number 5 is blowing up, no doubt.” 
“Miss Number 5’s interactions with that NPC are what’s truly mesmerizing. When I watched it, it felt like she was healing them.” 
@LoveKinaSoMuch, what’s up with these edits? What are you trying to say?” 
Suddenly, the online drama shifted to Yvette herself. Even her loyal followers were puzzled by her recent actions. Those who had her back before were now giving her hell in the comments. 
As Yvette scrolled, her heart raced. She knew that she couldn’t control the comments. 
Feeling wronged, she explained online, “I only saw those pics because someone else posted them I was 
misled.
“Sorry for the trouble. It’s my bad. Post deleted, taking a break from updates.” 
After that, she logged off. Some people bought her explanation, but others didn’t. Yvette’s plan had backfired, and instead, Wynter gained a bunch of Kina’s fans. 
After all, with Kina backing up Wynter like that, Kina fans had to stick up for her too! Plus, in the original footage, she was seriously cool! 
Yvette was fuming mad! She thought she would mess with Wynter online. Instead, she was the one who screwed up her fan account! 
“Why? Why did Tobias defend her?” 
Yvette never saw that coming. In her past life, Tobias never said a word online. Thinking about it made her clench her teeth even harder!! 
too scared to do anything else. Well, at least she still had Margaret as a connection to 
But she was to 
exploit. 
While Yvette was busy with all that, Alexis, the head secretary at the Quinnells, noticed the buzz her 
account was creating. 
Chapter 188 The Families Still Looking Down on Wynter 
He adjusted his glasses, and summoned the PR department, clearly ready to make the next move.
Yvette had better back off now. If she didn’t, Alexis was going to make Tobias and Wynter’s relationship official, with Tobias’s approval, just to make a statement. And that gorgeous one in the show? That was 
Wynter! 
Fabian had the same thought. He put on his reading glasses and watched the playback again. “Wynter, couldn’t stand to see injustice. Look at how many people she saved back in Havenlight County.” 
“Yeah. Just got a call from the Keller family. They wanted to thank Ms. Quinnell.” Alexis grinned as he poured a cup of tea for Fabian. “The guy from the Keller family even said she saved his career.” 
Fabian was really proud of Wynter. Not because she had hung out with some powerful folks, but because 
of what she did. 
“With Wynter as a descendant of the Quinnells, I feel like I’ve done right by our ancestors.” Fabian stood up, leaning on his cane. “Once the invitations went out, how did the families react?”
###chapter489
Chapter 489 Your Fiancé’s Secret 
“They all want to see Ms. Quinnell, but some comments are not very pleasant,” Alexis reported truthfully.“. Some people think that Ms. Quinnell is not qualified to attend their socialite gatherings because she came from the countryside.” 
Fabian’s gaze darkened. “Clyde called earlier. He said congratulations, but between the lines, he implied that Wynter would embarrass herself at the banquet. Our little princess doesn’t care about status, but they’re all talking about that. 
Suddenly, Fabian remembered something. “Go tell Dalton about this.” 
“Mr. Yarwood?” Alexis double–confirmed. 
Fabian nodded. In a few years, Dalton would marry Wynter. Fabian needed to make sure that Dalton truly wanted to protect his granddaughter. 
Though he was an old man who had lived half his life, sometimes he couldn’t see through Dalton. 
At the same time, after everyone finished recording their statements, the celebrities were all picked up by 
their respective MPVs. 
No one cared about Lucy. She looked like a beggar on the streets with her disheveled hair. She had to wear a mask even when getting into the car. Besides her assistant, no one paid her any attention 
Her manager’s first words upon seeing her were, “You breached your contract. All your endorsements are terminated. Also, I’ll take you back today. After you return, you’ll follow the company’s arrangements.”
When her manager advised her not to use this method, Lucy complained about her manager’s 
incompetence. 
Now that the scandal had been exposed, the wealthy lady, whose marriage Lucy had ruined, became 
aware of her existence. 
Originally, the lady had kept quiet. But now that her family’s disgrace was all over the TV, what else did she have to fear? She slapped Lucy as soon as she arrived. The slap was swift. 
“I should’ve slapped you when you came to my house flaunting your pregnancy and mocking me as an old hag. If you want that scumbag of mine, then have him!” 
Lucy’s assistant knew how arrogant Lucy used to be. 
When the lady had just given birth and was taking care of her baby. Lucy had sent over photos of her kissing the lady’s husband. She even said they were a pair made in heaven, unlike the lady, who was old, 
ugly, and fat. 
As a result, the lady, as an elderly parturient, almost fell into depression. But fortunately, she recovered. 
Lucy’s assistant merely glanced at the lady when the latter slapped Lucy. seeing that, Lucy went berserk. 
Chapter 489 Your Fiance Secret 
Are you on her side or mine? Don’t you know to stop her when she hits me?”
Before the assistant could speak, the media turned their attention to them again. Only then did Lucy become afraid and immediately get into the car. 
She was already facing hefty penalties, so she couldn’t afford to have any more negative Images exposed. What she feared most turned out to be these intangible things. 
For people who lacked basic human decency, perhaps death wasn’t a punishment. The true punishment laid in the perpetual fear they lived with, much like what Lucy was enduring now. 
“Satisfied?” Wynter stood in a secluded corner, seemingly talking to herself. 
She deliberately chose a shady spot that still had a hint of resentment from the hospital. 
The little resentful infant, Leo, contentedly sucked on its pacifier while lying on her shoulder. 
“She doesn’t deserve to be my mom. It’s a good thing she didn’t give birth to me. Otherwise, I’d only suffer 
with her.” 
With the nourishment of the hospital’s resentment, he became even wiser than before. 
“Master.” Leo blinked. “Can I stay by your side too? I can be your spirit companion.” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “You also know about spirit companions?” 
“I’ve seen it before. That’s how that guy hurt me.” Leo accidentally revealed some information. 
Just when Wynter wanted to ask him in more detail, he spoke up again. “Master, the girls have something to tell you. It’s about your fiancé.”
###chapter490
Chapter 490 Personal Burdens on Dalton 
“Dalton?” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow, somewhat surprised. She had long known that Dalton had countless personal burdens. Was there something else? 
“What’s wrong with him?” Wynter indicated that Leo should continue. 
Leo shook his head. “It’s better to have the girls tell you. 
Upon hearing his words, Wynter lowered her gaze and touched her purple sugilite pendant. 
Following that, a soft voice came through. “Carol, do you want to tell her or should I?” 
“You tell her. You felt it stronger than I did,” came another clear voice. 
The purple sugilite pendant glowed, and Dora spoke as if reminiscing. “I feel like I’ve seen your fiancé in the underworld, Master. There’s something familiar about him. I can’t pinpoint it, but it scares us.” 
“Yes, it’s quite scary,” Leo chimed in. “When he walked in, I thought I was done for.” 
Wynter chuckled. “Don’t exaggerate it.” 
“I didn’t!” Leo shook his head, pacifier in his mouth. 
The twins were also worried. “Master, Leo is right. There must be something wrong with your fiancé. But with our abilities, we can’t see through his soul.” 
“Master, can’t you see through him?” Leo asked Wynter, as he suddenly remembered something. “Master Atwater said you can do anything.”
Wynter replied casually, “Atwater likes to tell tales.” 
But there was one thing for sure–Dalton was indeed unusual. Otherwise, Wolf wouldn’t be so concerned about him and be unable to deal with him. 
Wynter had always thought it was because of his noble destiny. But now that everyone was saying he was frightening, there had to be something she didn’t know. 
“Legend has it that there’s an underworld lord who’s very skilled at bewitching mediums. But it’s been almost a hundred years since he last appeared.” 
The twins continued, “The person who promised to help us seek revenge borrowed the power of that lord. He left behind many things that could easily harm others. 
“Master, could spirits be bothering your fiancé? Is that why we find him familiar?” 
Wynter froze. Spirits? 
“I’ll find the time to take a look.” 
The twins finally felt relieved, and the purple sugilite pendant returned to its normal state. Wynter 
Chapter 490 Personal Burden on Daton 
continued to ponder the words of the children. 
Meanwhile, the subject of their conversation earlier suddenly appeared. He gestured for his bodyguards. to stay back and walked over himself.
He was wearing a trench coat and carrying a black umbrella. It had been drizzling for a while now. Wynter didn’t care. But obviously, the heir of the Yarwood family couldn’t get wet in the rain. 
Dalton’s face was cold and pale, with sharp features. His almost perfect face, combined with his gold- rimmed glasses, gave him an air of sophistication and danger. 
“Master, use my resentment to take a look at his true nature. I’ll hide now,” Leo sald suddenly. 
It was clear that Leo was genuinely afraid of Dalton. After speaking, he hid in the copper coin hanging around Wynter’s neck. 
Dalton seemingly caught her gaze and smiled faintly. His lips were almost colorless. The bracelet on his wrist stood out in the gloomy weather, appearing particularly bright red. 
Instinctively, Wynter wanted to see him more clearly. As she touched the copper coin, she lifted her gaze again and saw his true nature, 
The bracelet on Dalton’s wrist turned deep red. It was hanging by his hand like an invisible thread. 
His skin was as pale as paper, but his body emitted a black mist as if countless demons were brewing inside him. They were bound by Fankrit inscriptions on his body. 
However, that alone wasn’t really remarkable. What caught Wynter’s attention was the potent blend of fortune energy and black mist enveloping his spirit. 
Was that what Atwater meant by countless personal burdens?
###chapter491
Chapter 491 That’s My Sister 
Wynter had never seen someone with such a nature before. He possessed heavenly luck but also 
countless burdens? What did that mean? 
Before Wynter could figure it out, Dalton coughed and said, “He’s afraid to come see you, so he sent me to ask what you want. As your brother, he’ll buy anything for you.” 
Tobias hid quietly behind, completely devold of his usual energy. 
Jacqueline had originally been worried that he would argue with Dalton and felt it Inappropriate to bring up the matters online. She hadn’t expected Tobias to handle it on his own. 
His approach was correct. Since everyone had seen their interaction on the show, it wouldn’t do to criticize his partner once the show ended. But… wasn’t he paying too much attention to a nobody? 
Jacqueline admitted that Wynter was quite attractive. Even her first reaction upon seeing her was to have her join showbiz. But someone like that wouldn’t be interested. 
However, Tobias was different. He usually couldn’t care less about women, But he was so proactive today. There was definitely something wrong. 
“Your contract clearly states that a qualified idol cannot date. You remember that, right?” Jacqueline couldn’t help but remind him. 
Tobias looked puzzled. “Of course. I won’t date anyone.” 
“You better not.” Jacqueline withdrew her gaze. She was genuinely afraid that there would be rumors him dating. After all, it had been so difficult to bring him up to this position.
Tobias knew Jacqueline had misunderstood and immediately explained, “That’s my sister.” 
“Sister?” Jacqueline’s eyes lit up. “Like by blood?” 
Tobias grinned. “Yeah. She’s my biological sister.” His affectionate expression looked out of place on him, especially with his trendy blue hair. 
Jacqueline was surprised. “I’ve never heard you mention having a sister, and you two didn’t seem close. 
on the show.” 
At this point, she squinted her eyes. “Are you lying to me because you’re afraid I’ll restrict you even more?” 
“No.” Tobias casually put his hand in his pocket and looked away from Wynter’s direction. It was only then that his usual icy demeanor returned. “We just reunited recently, so we’re ‘not very close yet. But we’ll get there.” 
It was the first time Jacqueline had heard Tobias talk so specifically about his family affairs. 
Previously, she only knew that he had many brothers. He had always worked hard to become successful, so she assumed that his family conditions weren’t great. 
Well, with so many children, what kind of family could afford to support them all? 
Chapter 491 Thats My Suter 
Now he had a sister. Jacqueline’s eyes shone brightly. “Since she’s your sister, I can sign you up for the jewelry appraisal show!”
Tobias was about to refuse when Jacqueline smiled and said, “Your sister seems very knowledgeable… Let her join the show with you, and you two can win together. It’ll surely make the headlines.” 
When his brothers saw it, they would all be jealous of him. 
Tempted, Tobis cleared his throat and replied, “I’ll ask her. If she says okay, we’ll join together.” 
“There’s prize money.” Jacqueline decided to mention the benefits of participating in the show. “It’s quite 
substantial.” 
While they were discussing the matter, the bodyguards stood in a row, blocking their view. 
Wynter didn’t get angry with Tobias for his casual remark on the show. That wasn’t her character anyway. 
What she was most concerned about now was Dalton’s true nature. 
Although some of her memories hadn’t returned yet, she was certain that Dalton possessed more than just heavenly luck.
###chapter492
Chapter 492 The Symbol of Demons 
Dalton raised an eyebrow when he noticed that Wynter was staring at him. “Looking at me like that makes me feel like you’re about to ask me to cover the medical bills again.” 
“Medical billa?” Wynter didn’t quite understand. 
Dalton raised his hand and pointed to his neck. After a light cough, he chuckled softly. His laughter sounded pleasant. 
It was only now that Wynter noticed the marks spreading under his neck. They were a series of Fankrit Inscriptions. Those unfamiliar with Fankrit might have mistaken them for tattoos. 
In fact, they were another form of earthbound spirit, especially with the red spider lily imprinted beside them. 
Since the marks extended down his neck and he loved to wear collared shirts, Wynter hadn’t seen them clearly before. 
Now that she noticed it, she wanted a closer look. So, she pulled him closer and gently unbuttoned his collar. 
According to many myths, red spider lilies grew along the road to the underworld to guide spirits to the afterlife. It symbolized the gentleness of demons. 
Due to its association with death, most people wouldn’t choose to ink this flower. 
“Are you interested in this?” Dalton looked down at her. Even with his sickly appearance, his naturally good looks were not diminished.
Wynter could sense that the closer he got, the more terrified the three little spirits became. Even thought they were nestled within the pendant and coin, they still trembled with fear. 
Even though there was nothing apparent, at that moment, Wynter felt an overwhelming tension, 
“I was born with it,” Dalton said casually, adjusting his umbrella toward her. “It seems like many people are scared of it.” 
Wynter buttoned up his collar. “It’s indeed unusual. Anyway, save up the medical expenses. You’ll need to change your medicine. Your cold is getting worse.” 
“I actually feel much better than before.” Dalton tucked her long hair behind her ear. “At least I’m not as fragile now, getting sick at the slightest touch.” 
With that, he glanced down. “This sugilite pendant seems different from before.” 
“You can tell?” Wynter raised an eyebrow. 
Dalton chuckled in a low voice. “The color is deeper. 
Frightened, the spirits hiding inside shivered slightly. They thought he had sensed them. 
Chapter 492 The Symbol of Demons 
“Is that so? It means I wear it all the time.” Wynter changed the subject. “Where’s Toblas? I want to take 
him to see someone.” 
Dalton was puzzled, “Who?”
“My mom,” Wynter answered casually. 
Whatever issues he had, they could address them later. For now, it didn’t seem like there were any evil items on him. Instead, it seemed like his true nature possessed a power that frightened spirits. 
Last time at the hotel, the old woman selling flowers was the most evil spirit in the Earthbound Formation. 
When someone encountered her at the center of the formation, she would approach them and use them. 
as nutrients for the formation. 
Yet, she didn’t sell Dalton any flowers and even allowed him to use the elevator freely. 
Logically, the better one’s luck, the less likely they were to encounter such spirits. However, Dalton entered the Earthbound Formation so casually, like it was his home. That was quite ridiculous. 
Thinking about that gave Wynter a headache, so she didn’t dwell on it. After all, the most important thing now was to resolve the misunderstanding between Marie and Tobias. 
The messages Marie sent her all indicated that she wanted to make amends with Tobias, but that she 
also didn’t know where to start. 
It was because of Wynter that Marie had lost a part of her soul. When Wynter found the missing soul fragment in the hotel basement, she could see the woman clutching a tiger head hat. 
Marie had preserved everything Wynter had, which allowed the latter to come home.
###chapter493
Chapter 493 The Misunderstanding Between Marle and Toblas 
Wynter knew better than anyone how difficult it was to maintain one’s sense of self within the Earthbound 
Formation. 
Marie had already sacrificed so much. Wynter didn’t want any more rifts in this family. 
When Tobias heard that Wynter wanted to take him to see someone, he didn’t hesitate. Hat, sunglasses, 
and mask on, he appeared before Wynter. 
Though he still seemed a bit nervous in front of her, he swiftly handed her a black card. “Here, Wynter. 
This is for you. 
Tobias had never been this sweet before. After all, he was known for his aloofness throughout Kingbourne. Once when he got angry, he beat someone up with a poker face. 
Everyone knew not to mess with the Quinnell family’s tyrant. Even Chad and the others only dared to gossip about Wynter behind her back because of Tobias‘ formidable reputation. 
Now, he was speaking so gently. “There are 50 million dollars inside. I earned everything myself. Spend this first. 
“In a few days, when my paycheck comes in, I’ll transfer more to you. Now that I’m an adult, I can earn money for you to spend. I can fulfill everything I promised you when we were young.” 
Tobias could finally look at Wynter calmly now. As he did, his eyes reddened.
“Elliot told me that those people were worse than animals. They’re nothing but fucking human traffickers I won’t let anyone bully you anymore.” 
His voice was hoarse as he continued, “All these years, I wanted to see you and apologize. It was because I didn’t keep my eye on you back then that you suffered.” 
“Tobias.” Wynter finally spoke. Silently, she reached out to embrace the tall and handsome young man. You weren’t much older than me, and you didn’t do it on purpose.” 
All of this might have been related to the fortune of the Quinnell family, but Wynter wouldn’t mention this until there was solid evidence. She needed to investigate thoroughly first.. 
“The traffickers are ruthless. If you had followed me, we might have ended up being a buy–one–get– one- free deal.” 
Wynter patted his back. “I’m doing fine now. With you and Elliot here, it will only get better.” 
Tobias looked down, feeling the weight that had burdened his heart for so many years being lifted. 
He often had nightmares, reliving the day he lost Wynter. She could barely walk at that time, only being able to eat, laugh, and babble. Yet, he had been careless with her. 
Later, he followed the crowd, running until he fell and scraped his arm. He looked for Wynter for a long? time but couldn’t find her. In fact, no one blamed him except for himself. 
Chapter 493 The Misunderstanding Between Mane and Tebias 
Now that Wynter was back, she wasn’t angry at him at all. 
For so many years, his stupid father had treated Naomi like a substitute for Wynter.
At this thought, Tobias Immediately said, “Wynter, if anyone bothers you from now on, just let me know. I’ll deal with them. I’ll make sure they regret it if they dare to upset you. 
His assertive nature was fully revealed. This was more like him. 
Wynter chuckled softly. “Let me bring you to meet someone first.” 
“Okay! Let’s go.” Tobias would meet whoever Wynter asked him to. 
He didn’t care at first, but when he saw the familiar figure outside the set, he suddenly froze. For so many 
years, he didn’t dare to face Marie. He was afraid that seeing him would worsen her condition. 
Marie’s eyes seemed to remind him that it was he who lost his sister. 
Chapte: 494 A Mothers Love
###chapter494
Chapter 494 A Mother’s Love 
Tobias instinctively took a step back. The reason he hadn’t returned home for so long was because he was afraid to face Marie. 
When he was younger, he wanted to make Marie happy, so he brought back good grades. But at that time, she was already sick and emotionally unstable. 
He thought Marie would hit him. He would have preferred that. 
But she was like an empty shell of a doll, staring out and asking him, “Why didn’t you keep an eye on her? 
Did you have to eat ice cream at that time?” 
Then Marie would start crying, and there were even instances of self–harm. 
The doctors said it was depression and advised them to avoid anything that could trigger her. Anything or anyone that could cause her to have an episode should be kept away. Later, her condition worsened. She started losing her hair and became very thin. 
Tobias and Elliot followed the doctor’s advice and tried to avoid being around Marie as much as possible. 
Then Shane brought Naomi back home. Initially, Marie reacted badly. 
Tobias vividly remembered her lying in bed, refusing her medication, and looking at him with pleading 
eyes. But after some time, her condition improved. She seemed to have forgotten about Wynter. 
Every time Tobias brought it up, the doctor would tell them it was a coping mechanism. Since she had
forgotten, they shouldn’t remind her. Tobias was just a teenager at the time, so he didn’t know what to do, 
When he saw Marie again, she had indeed improved a lot. She never mentioned anything about Wynter 
again. 
Just when Tobias thought she was completely healed, one night, he saw Marie wandering around looking 
for Wynter. 
She saw him and softly called out, “Toby, I haven’t seen you in a long time. I missed you so much.” 
Tobias‘ feelings for Marie were complex because he couldn’t distinguish which one was his impression of 
his mother. 
He remembered when Wynter was first kidnapped, he ran around with scraped knees and a fever while 
sobbing. 
Marie had firmly told him, “Tobias, remember, this is not your fault. I’ll find her.” 
At that time, she was like a superhero. Even if there was the slightest news about Wynter, she would ask and search for her. She even said he was a little man. 
But then everything changed. Even until now, Tobias didn’t understand why. 
He stood there and poured out all these thoughts before smiling wryly. “I don’t know how to face her.”
Wynter pondered Tobias‘ words, her eyes deepening. “Tobias, Mom was really sick at the time, but it 
Chapter 494 A Mothers Love 
wasn’t just ordinary depression. It was a disorientation disorder because a part of her soul was missing.” 
“Her soul was missing?” Tobias frowned, realizing things were more complicated than he thought. “What do you mean?” 
Wynter told him about the incident at the hotel. “Someone used my abduction to bait Mom. Since her soul was unstable back then, they used the Earthbound Formation to trap her soul. That’s why she seemed different when she saw you again. 
“She really did call out to you for help, but it might not have been about the medicine. She might have realized some other danger.” 
After hearing this. Tobias clenched his fists. “So are you saying that everything Mom said wasn’t of her own will? Someone caused her mental instability?” 
“She’s very resilient. She’s been fighting against them to avoid forgetting about me.” Wynter looked into Tobias‘ eyes. “Tobias, you should have some idea of what I do now. 
“It’s difficult for ordinary people to resist the Earthbound Formation, especially with a powerful medium behind it like this formation.”
###chapter495

Chapter 495 Somebody Was Scheming Behind the Scenes
Tobias' eyes reddened with anger upon hearing her words. "Wynter, who is this medium you're talking about?"
"I'm still investigating," Wynter replied calmly. "Tobias, I'm telling you this to prevent you from acting recklessly.
"The Earthbound Formation isn't something an ordinary fortune teller can accomplish. The person's abilities should be comparable to Mr. Stavius."
Dalton, who had been silently listening in, raised an eyebrow at this. "Comparable to Mr. Stavius? That narrows it down significantly. There aren't many of them."
"There aren't many registered ones, but I'm still looking for the ones who aren't." Wynter paused for a second.
"The formation is very strange. Rather than wanting to bring misfortune upon the Quinnell family, it seems more like they're aiming to seize the Quinnell family's fortune.
Dalton narrowed his eyes. "So, you, the youngest child, became his most suitable target." He was as clever as always.
Wynter nodded. "Yes, but he picked the wrong person. I've already given him a taste of his own medicine."
With that said, Wynter looked back at Tobias. She knew that he needed time to process everything.
"Tobias, aside from mystic arts, I also know a bit about medicine. Including psychology," Wynter said solemnly.
"Seeing me being abducted, you felt guilty and kept tormenting yourself, which is why you had a fever that same day. As far as I know, Mom used to be a lecturer. She told you those words because she didn't want you to be traumatized.
"She was worried about your mental health, so she gave you psychological counseling as soon as possible. She didn't mean anything she said later.
"Sometimes, losing a part of the soul can completely change a person. Someone wanted to imprison Mom forever in that mansion."
Wynter continued, "No one could help her at that time. Whenever she was mentioned, everyone's immediate reaction was that she had mental issues. To isolate Mom, the best way was to use her words to hurt you and Elliot."
Wynter lowered her gaze. "Her craziest moments were actually her truest moments. Didn't she tell you? She said she missed you."
Tobias' eyes suddenly widened, and he felt himself growing hot. So Marie had expressed her love for him in her own way. She had even made faint pleas for help, which they had ignored.
All those seemingly ordinary things her absent-mindedness, her distractions, how different she was from before were her attempts at fighting it off.
Marie used to wear bright dresses when she picked him and Elliot up from school with Wynter in her arms. She always stood out in the crowd. But the Marie now...
Tobias' gaze fell on the figure not far away carrying two large bags of clothing, running back and forth. His vision blurred slightly. "What is she doing?"
"Mom's back to work," Wynter said with a smile. "Although she didn't say it explicitly, she chose to work in your industry so she could help you and be closer to you.
"As you know, it's hard for women to get a job after 40. And Mom has been a housewife for so many years. She tried hard for a long time and finally got into your company."
Tobias' voice grew hoarse upon hearing her words. "I never knew. Dad said... although she recovered, she still wasn't suitable for crowded places."
Wynter didn't comment on Shane's actions. She just looked up and said, "Go, Tobias. She'll be happy to see you."
Without hesitation, Tobias strode toward the set.
###chapter496
Chapter 496 Marle Was Bullled 
Typically, newly hired assistants would start with miscellaneous tasks. When assigned to work outside the set, they were expected to run around and fulfill various requests. 
Wolf had pulled Marie away during the filming and had no idea what had happened on set. He had been acting strange, not letting her enter the set. 
It was only after she returned that she found out that Tobias was one of the guests on the show. Seeing police cars around and people constantly coming out, Marie couldn’t help but be curious. 
She set down the coffee requested by a celebrity and sought Information about the situation in the rest 
area 
7 Is he safe? 
“Excuse me, young lady, may I ask what happened during the show? And where’s Tobias? 
The celebrity was actually just an internet celebrity from the same company. She was Ava Cherry, who 
was shooting YouTube videos in the adjacent set. 
Sometimes, the less known the celebrity, the bigger their ego. Ava first glanced at Marie and completely ignored this “production assistant“.. 
Instead, she commented to the person next to her, “Is our company so lacking in people? Why did they hire such a clueless person?” 
Even the makeup artist applying makeup to her said, “Who knows? She really doesn’t know the rules.”
Marie didn’t know what rules she had broken. 
Just as she was about to ask, Ava, holding the coffee, choked on her first sip. “What did you buy? How can I drink this? I said I wanted it without ice. I’m not feeling well, and you make me drink this? 
“What’s even funnier is that she called me ‘young lady.” Ava raised her hand as if she were about to throw the cup of coffee at Marie. “Don’t you know who I am?” 
Before she could act, a hand suddenly reached out and grabbed her wrist. 
A tall figure loomed over her. The man’s handsome, yet icy, face, accompanied by short blue hair, made him exude overwhelming pressure. 
“Who are you calling funny?” 
Ava was so shocked that her mouth hung open. 
“Tobias?” She hadn’t expected to have a chance to be this close to Tobias. 
Although they were from the same company, Tobias never participated in company activities. She could only occasionally catch a glimpse of him practicing dancing in the studio from a distance, so her excitement was beyond words. 
She wished there were media present to capture this scene so that she could start a dating rumor with Tobias. With that, her value in the industry would double. 
Chapter 496 Marie Was Bullied 
“Why are you here?” Ava exclaimed. “I’m your fan, Tobias. I’ve liked you for a long time. Can you give me an autograph?”
Tobias smirked. “I’m not worthy of that. I’m not worthy of being the Idol of a big shot who throws coffee at 
people for no reason.” 
Ava paused at his words and she quickly explained, “I- I didn’t. I was just fooling around with her. We’re friends. Right, Marie?” 
She smiled sweetly at Marie, implying that if she wanted to keep her job, she had to be sensible. 
Unexpectedly, after Tobias shook off her hand, he looked at her like she was a joke. “You’re friends with 
my mom? Are you kidding me?” 
Mom? Before Ava and her makeup artist could react, Tobias had already taken the other bag from Marie’s 
hand. 
“Mom, you’ve never carried such heavy things. Who gave you this assignment?” 
“To…” Marie instinctively wanted to call Tobias by his nickname but hesitated. She smiled faintly. “It’s not heavy. Wolf helped me carry it just now.” 
As she spoke, she wanted to pat Tobias‘ head, only to realize that he had grown too tall. 
Tobias wasn’t used to appearing in front of his mother like this. He cleared his throat. “The blue won’t last long. I have a concert soon, so I need this exaggerated style.”
###chapter497
Chapter 497 Wolf Is His Little Brother 
“You look good.” Marie’s voice was somewhat hoarse as she spoke. 
She expected Tobias to be afraid or to ask why she was there. But to her surprise, he naturally helped her 
out. Marie was touched. 
Tobias put the coffee on the table and turned to look at an astonished Ava and her makeup artist. 
super 
“Enjoy your coffee.” His gaze fell on Ava. “Being a celebrity doesn’t mean you’re superior to others. 
“You’re lucky you didn’t throw this cup of coffee on my mom’s face. Otherwise, you won’t be able to stay 
in this circle anymore.” 
Marie wanted to stop Tobias from speaking like that as it was inviting trouble. But Tobias didn’t care. 
“Mom, I started as a nobody too. But even so, I helped around and respected everyone on set. I never 
mocked the crew like she did.” 
“I… I…” Ava flushed with embarrassment. 
All this while, the other crew members on set were watching the scene unfold. She had originally planned to butter up Tobias to boost her popularity, but she had offended him instead. 
Who could have expected his mother to be a production assistant on set? Wasn’t that absurd?
“It’s all a misunderstanding. Tobias.” Ava was defiant. “You’ve gone too far with what you just cold. We’re 
all in the same industry. You may be popular, but you can’t bully us rookies.” 
Tobias could tell from her sarcastic tone that she wasn’t there to film seriously. “I don’t care how you got 
in, but don’t put on an act in front of me.” After saying that, he left the rest area with Marie. 
Ava angrily threw the coffee cup on the ground. Apart from the two of them, there were around four staff 
members from different departments in the rest area. 
Everyone knew that Ava was hard to please and didn’t treat the crew like people. 
“Last time, she stepped on my hand,” a lady who did costume styling couldn’t help but remind Tobias 
softly. Tobias, she’s only here because of the sponsors. You better be careful. 
“Marie, you too. I’m afraid she’ll use her connections to get rid of you.” 
Tobias reckoned that even if all the sponsors‘ wealth were added together, it wouldn’t match Marie’s. But he still appreciated the lady’s reminder. 
“This is my mom’s first time getting involved in this kind of work. Thanks for being patient with her.” 
“Marie is great. She even brought Wolf along,” the lady continued with a hint of excitement in her voice.” Tobias, your family has great genes. Your little brother is so adorable and strong. He eats everything, even our leftovers.
“But he doesn’t let us touch his head, no matter what. He even has a QR payment code imprinted on his 
Chanter 497 Wolf is Has Lible Brother 
shirt like a little money–grubber. He’s pretty helpful with errands too.” 
Her voice became even lower as she continued, “Toblas, you posted on Twitter that you were poor and 
needed to make more money. 
“We didn’t believe it then, but now we know why. It’s for your brother’s treatment, right? Actually, it doesn’t even matter if Wolf is mute. He’s so smart.” 
Tobias listened with a puzzled expression. When did he get a little brother? Even if his relationship with Marie wasn’t good, Fabian would have informed him about something as important as this. 
Tobias couldn’t help but look at Marie. “Mom, do I have a little brother?” 
“Silly, how’s that possible?” Marie couldn’t help but laugh. Tobias‘ thoughts were still as erratic as before. 
Tobias was confused. “Then what’s the deal with that Wolf?” 
Wolf, who had run back to Wynter’s side, pointed to himself with a puzzled look when he heard this as if to say, “What about me?”
###chapter498
Chapter 498 Money Was Everything for Wolf 
Wynter ruffled Wolf’s hair and met Tobloe‘ gaze. “Tobias, Wolf is my brother.” 
Wynter’s brother? That meant Wolf was his brother too! Tobias quickly changed his attitude. He smiled at Wolf and opened his mouth to say something. 
But Dalton turned Wolf around and revealed the QR code on his back. “Wolf can’t speak, so I’ll speak for 
him. He likes money.” 
Wolf usually couldn’t stand being around Dalton because he always gave off an unsettling vibe. It was a feeling Wolf couldn’t quite explain, but he knew he just didn’t want to be near Dalton. 
But unfortunately, Wynter had taken a liking to him. Wolf had asked the ladies on set about it. 
For someone who typically showed no interest in men, her sudden attention suggested she found him 
attractive. 
Wolf didn’t initially approve of this relationship, but being a hacker, he investigated it and found that the Yarwood family was filthy rich. 
Well, that was the only upside to Dalton. Since Wynter fancied his looks, Wolf decided that he could put up with it until she lost interest for the sake of the money. 
When Dalton’s gaze fell on Wolf’s round eyes, he raised his eyebrows. “What? Am I wrong?” 
He coughed lightly. His sickly pale face added a bit of indescribable evil to him.
Seeing that, Wolf felt that he was even more familiar. It was like he had seen Dalton a long time ago. He couldn’t help but reach out and tap his own head. 
He then stood in front of Tobias and pointed to the QR code on his shirt. Wasn’t it normal for the older brother to give some pocket money to his little brother? 
Tobias understood his intentions and transferred some money to him. 
Meanwhile, Marie watched with a smile. Being a wise woman, she knew that Wynter had arranged all of 
this. 
“Thank you, Wynter.” Marie reached out and removed some leaves from Wynter’s head. “You saved me. 
“Without you, my relationship with Tobias would probably have gotten worse. I hurt him deeply when I was sick. 
“When you were kidnapped, I was frantic and anxious. But I don’t regret acting quickly. I feared if I didn’t find 
you soon, you would never return. Luckily, you came back safely.” 
She didn’t mention her struggles of how nobody understood her and she was treated like a lunatic. That was just how Marie was as a’mother. 
Leo envied Wynter. “Master, you have a good mom.” 
Chapte: 498 Money Was Everything for Wolf 
22
Even in the face of witchcraft, she didn’t lose her nature. This was the superpower of a mother. Leo subconsciously wanted to get closer to Marie, but he was afraid of bringing bad luck to her. 
Wynter flicked the copper coin with her fingers to boost his luck before smiling gently. “Go ahead. You 
can touch my mom.” 
Marie didn’t know who Wynter was talking to. But based on what she saw, she knew that Wynter had abilities in mystic arts. 
“Are there other children I can’t see?” 
Wynter knew that Marie had a strong ability to accept new things. Smiling, she said, “Yes. He calls me Master, 
“A boy 
who protects you?” Marie looked around. “Where should I touch?” 
Wynter placed the lucky token in her palm. 
Instead of just touching the lucky token, Marie held Wynter’s hand. “I hope all the children around you can be happy and live in peace.” 
Living in peace was the key. Leo had seen Wolf, so he could hold himself together when facing Chaos. As for the other two…
###chapter499
Chapter 499 Tobias Felt That Dalton Was Pretending 
Carol and Dora nearly fainted. They hid inside the purple sugilite pendant because they were too scared to come out. The people they met around Wynter seemed increasingly dangerous. 
In the end, they decided to stay as they were afraid they would bring bad luck to Wynter. After all, they 
were evil spirits. 
But upon seeing Chaos, they didn’t know how to react. Since Wynter dared to keep Chaos by her side, perhaps she didn’t care about her fortune. 
At the same time, Wolf also detected a different scent on Wynter. It was tantalizing and made him hungry. 
Instinctively, he touched his stomach and shifted his gaze to the purple sugilite pendant while gesturing to Wynter. 
Knowing what he wanted, Wynter pinched his cheek. “You’re all siblings now. You can’t eat them, got it?” 
Wolf was shocked by her words. He didn’t know that food could be considered a sibling. 
But he reluctantly agreed for now. He could wait for other opportunities to act. After all, he couldn’t reveal his true self in front of Marie. That would scare her. But he could still sneak a bite… 
At this thought, Wolf licked his lips. The twins grew even more frightened at this. 
Dalton had been watching Wolf all along. Upon noticing his actions, he lifted Wolf up and examined his canines.
“His teeth are growing fast.” 
Wolf wanted to push Dalton away. No matter how rich Dalton was, he wouldn’t allow Dalton to look at his teeth. 
However, no matter how hard he struggled, it seemed like his strength was being neutralized. He could only raise his face in frustration and let Dalton look at his teeth. 
Annoyed, he glanced at Wynter, as if he were saying, “Boss, help me beat him up!” 
Unexpectedly, Wynter simply smiled and bent down to inspect his teeth like Dalton. 
Dalton looked at her with a smile. “What do you think?” 
“They’re really growing fast.” Wynter tapped Wolf’s check with her finger before asking Dalton, “Do you have a solution?” She seemed to be thinking of something. 
Dalton didn’t hide his understanding of Wolf. “Ancient texts say that Chaos‘ awakening is caused by greed and violence. We can send him to Mr. Stavius for purification.” 
“Why didn’t I think of this before?” Wynter patted Wolf’s cheek. “Sending him to study the Arcane Way could also solve the problem of his education.” 
Though she didn’t mention it, she had been thinking about Wolf’s education lately. She had searched. 
Chapter 400 Tobias Felt That Dation Was Pretending 
around, but no school seemed sultable for him. 
2122
Her Increased frequency of seeking spiritual guidance had indeed Impacted Wolf. She didn’t want to see 
him awaken. 
The Arcane Way Academy offered qualifications and could also alleviate some personal burdens. Sending him there would indeed be a good choice. 
Wolf didn’t know who Mr. Stavius was, but from Wynter’s expression, it seemed like she wanted to send him to suffer. He felt that Dalton was just evil. 
He shook Wynter’s arm, hoping she would dispel these thoughts. 
However, Wynter simply patted him. “Listen to Dalton.” Wolf was speechless, 
Marie laughed as she watched from the side, while Tobias grew even more conflicted. 
Did Wynter know she and Dalton resembled a married couple sending their mischievous child to school? 
But Dalton didn’t fit that image in Tobias‘ mind. 
He should have been cold–blooded, cunning, unfathomable, and uninterested in anyone, according to Tobias‘ impression of him from their childhood. 
Everything Dalton did in the business circle demonstrated that he was someone who was ruthless and 
not to be trifled with.
###chapter500
Chapter 500 Family Reunion Banquet 
Despite Dalton’s ailing appearance, the people he dealt with were on Fablan’s level. How could he suddenly become so harmless and gentle in front of Wynter? Tobis felt that he was surely pretending 
After all, no brother would ever find his sister’s boyfriend pleasing to the eye, especially since Dalton had been divorced before. 
While everything else was comprehensible, his transformation in front of Wynter was unsettling. He didn’t behave like this with others. 
Sensing Toblas‘ scrutiny, Dalton met his gaze with his deep, inscrutable eyes. 
“I understand that Tobias may have some reservations about me. After all, I was in the wrong.” Dalton 
admitted in a subdued tone, sounding innocent. 
“It could be because I didn’t spend much time with him when we were children, or perhaps because I was foolish enough to call off our engagement.” 
With his refined and pale face accentuating his long lashes, there was an air of fragile elegance about 
him. Who would dare to trouble such a beautiful person? Wynter certainly wouldn’t. 
“Our engagement has been restored anyway. Don’t worry about it.” 
“How can I not worry? You have too many identities. It often leaves me with no room to act. The Quinnells 
dissatisfaction with me is inevitable.”
Dalton continued in a pleasant tone, “But since you saved my life, if the Quinnells are reluctant to let you live away from home after our marriage, I don’t mind staying with them.” 
Tobias was not standing nearby. So when he heard this, he almost slipped on the ground. He couldn’t hold back anymore. He took out his phone to send a message to the group chat he had with his brothers. 
“Dalton’s shamelessness is off the charts! Which media outlet called him aloof? I’ve never heard 
someone wishing to be a kept man described so politely! 
“Wynter is no match for him at all. All of you need to come back ASAP!” 
Wynter saw Tobias‘ actions, but she turned her gaze to Dalton’s face. 
“Staying with them? I’ll consider it. But I’m curious, was not playing with Tobias the only thing you did when you were younger? Did you not do anything else?” 
“I raised a wolf,” Dalton said casually. “He saw it when I was training it, and he had some. misunderstandings about me.” 
Wynter immediately understood what had happened. Her handsome fiancé had always been different from others in terms of behavior since birth. 
When ordinary children saw him, they probably wanted to approach him but were too afraid to do so. 
After all, most people wouldn’t raise a wolf. Given his menacing look and noble destiny, it was 
Chapter 500 Family Reunion Banquet 
understandable that people would avoid him.
Wynter looked at Dalton. “I suddenly feel like I don’t know you well enough.” 
“You can get to know me better in the future,” Dalton said while holding her hand. “You must be exhausted from the show. I’ve made a reservation at a steakhouse. Shall we go eat? 
“After eating, we can grab some coffee and dessert. I’ve got an old edition of The Odyssey that your 
might enjoy.” 
Wynter was indeed hungry and tired, so she couldn’t refuse such a tempting offer. “Okay.” 
“Your hand is so empty. Let’s pick something out later.” Dalton held her hand up, looking extremely doting. 
“By the way. Mr. Quinnell Senior has announced that the Winstons have encountered some issues, so the banquet has been canceled. I’m waiting for the Quinnells to formally acknowledge you.”
###chapter501
Chapter 501 I’m Yours Wynter raised an eyebrow. “The Winstons? You sound like you care a lot about their banquet.” “I do. I could have attended as your family,” Dalton sald as he handed her a cup of coffee. “Get In the car first, and I’ll explain when we get there.” Wynter was well taken care of. Holding the coffee, she sat next to him. Dalton had prepared two SUVs. Tobias and the others were in the other vehicle, leaving the two of them. alone. Dalton was someone who was always on a call for work. Once in the SUV, after adjusting Wynter’s seat, he sent a work order to the meeting chat group. Wynter reclined in the car, yawning lazily. Despite this, her face was still captivatingly beautiful. Dalton saw this scene after sending the message, and his eyes flickered. He toyed with the scarlet rosary bracelet on her wrist. “A jeweler will come later. You can pick out a ring.” “A ring? No thanks,” Wynter refused without hesitation. “It’ll affect my acupuncture.” Dalton couldn’t do anything about her. “If you don’t want a ring, then choose a necklace. You’ll need it for 
the banquet.” “Okay,” Wynter agreed, but she was thinking about something else. She had dreamed about this banquet before. In the dream, Marie didn’t even appear. She remembered Shane telling her, “Your mom is having an episode. It’s not nice for her to show up on such occasions. I’ll go back early today to accompany her. “Wynter, you’re now one of us. You need to learn to speak and act appropriately in different situations. Don’t embarrass your sister.” At that time, Naomi had brought her around to network at the banquet. To add to the joy of the
occasion, Shane officially adopted Naomi too. But now that Wynter had recalled the details of the dream, there were indeed many inconsistencies. Fabian didn’t seem to have agreed to the adoption. He looked like he had been forced into it. And… where was Tobias? Wynter felt that something didn’t add up. Any dream was a warning for a cultivator. Wynter didn’t ignore these dreams and had been analyzing the hidden discrepancies in them, Logically speaking, since Tobias cared so much about her, he would’ve been at that banquet. And why did Elliot look so troubled? Also, the things she had heard at the banquet…. “She’s really a jinx. Ever since she came back, the Quinnells have been in constant trouble.” Chapter 501 I’m Yours “I know, right? Mrs. Quinnell’s condition is getting worse. I heard she nearly jumped off the building, but Naomi stopped her.” “Naomi is so kind. But look at her, smiling as if nothing’s wrong. Of course, she’s happy to be back with. the Quinnells. She does realize how unlucky she is.” “Mrs. Quinnell has really gone mad. She almost rushed in just now. My mom said to stay away from the lunati c s.” “Don’t worry. It’s all just for show. Who really respects that luna t i c now? But honestly, Mr. Quinnell is really devoted. If I were him, I would have replaced her with a beautiful woman.” “How do you know he doesn’t already have one on the side? What man could put up with their wife if she were like that?” In an instant, Wynter recalled so many details. Her eyes darkened slightly. She looked at Dalton again, not believing that this family reunion banquet was as simple as it seemed. “Did you say that Grandpa has announced that he would acknowledge me? Is it because the reactions. from various families haven’t been good that you value this banquet so much?” With how smart she was, she could easily guess the reason. 
Dalton’s gaze shifted over, and he smiled. “It has nothing to do with those things. I just wanted to let everyone know that I’m yours.” Chapter 501 I’m Yours 7/2 “I know, right? Mrs. Quinnell’s condition is getting worse. I heard she nearly jumped off the building, but Naomi stopped her.” “Naomi is so kind. But look at her, smiling as if nothing’s wrong. Of course, she’s happy to be back with the Quinnells. She doesn’t realize how unlucky she is.” “Mrs. Quinnell has really gone mad. She almost rushed in just now. My mom said to stay away from the luna t i c s.” “Don’t worry. It’s all just for show. Who really respects that lunati c now? But honestly, Mr. Quinnell is really devoted. If I were him, I would have replaced her with a beautiful woman.” “How do you know he doesn’t already have one on the side? What man could put up with their wife if she were like that?” In an instant, Wynter recalled so many details. Her eyes darkened slightly. She looked at Dalton again, not believing that this family reunion banquet was as simple as it seemed. “Did you say that Grandpa has announced that he would acknowledge me? Is it because the reactions from various families haven’t been good that you value this banquet so much?” With how smart she was, she could easily guess the reason. Dalton’s gaze shifted over, and he smiled. “It has nothing to do with those things. I just wanted to let everyone know that I’m yours.”
###chapter502
Chapter 502 Dalton’s Uniqueness Wynter’s eyes flickered at her words. Suddenly, she remembered his countless personal burdens. Since he treated her well, she thought that she should give back to him. She reached out and grabbed his wrist, feeling his pulse. It seemed like she was examining him. But, in reality, she was trying to alleviate his personal burdens. After all, as a medium, she could do many things. However, this time, Dalton avoided her touch. “Don’t use the Arcane Way recklessly.” Wynter couldn’t help but feel that he was not easy to fool. He seemed to know everything. Was it because he read a lot of books? Wynter propped her chin and was lost in thought for a second. Suddenly, she said, “By the way, my children are afraid of you.” “Am I that scary?” Dalton chuckled, covering her with his coat. “You should help them to build their courage. Ask them to learn from Wolf.” There were only four beasts like Wolf in the world. They were pure evil and wreaked havoc wherever they went, but not all of them were around. “Wolf isn’t afraid of you. But he also said he doesn’t like you,” Wynter said casually, yawning. Dalton freed up one hand and gently supported her neck to let her get more comfortable. “Well, it seems l didn’t give him enough money.” Wynter couldn’t help but feel that he understood Wolf even better than she did. As she pressed her palm down, the black mist around him dissipated slightly. Only after seeing that did she close her eyes. Did Dalton want to assert dominance? Wynter wasn’t that naive. She knew that he had prepared so much to let those snobbish aristocrats know not to look down on her. 
In her dreams, there were clear comparisons. Without any possessions or support, she would be mocked. But Wynter was curious. With her personality, would she really be mocked? That wasn’t possible. Some of her dreams were fragmented and vague. But one thing was certain-these so-called
aristocratic families were waiting to see her make a fool of herself, just like in her dreams. Wynter had a t i t-for-tat personality, and that was something she couldn’t change. However, there was one thing that puzzled Wynter. She tapped her lucky token and asked, “Was the Winston family’s banquet canceled because of Logan?” “It’s not just Logan,” Dalton said nonchalantly. “Mr. Winston Senior is seriously ill. It came out of nowhere, just like the Scotts. The Winstons and Scotts have a close relationship, so it’s not suitable to hold any banquets. Wynter knew about the Scotts’ illness. Leo was with her and was injured, so Mason wouldn’t have it easy But why would Clyde get sick? Chapter 502 Dalton’s Uniqueness 2/2 While Wynter was pondering this, Leo suddenly said, “Master, I feel like there’s something evil within the Winston family.” Raising an eyebrow, Wynter tapped her lucky token, signaling for him to continue. “I followed that fool because he’s very suitable for spirits like me.” Leo’s voice was soft. “But there must be something else about him. How do I put it? There’s something evil about him that’s hard to resist.” As Leo spoke, he wanted to see how Dalton would react. However, the latter seemed to not have heard him at all. Leo felt a little confused. Could Dalton not notice their presence? Had he and the twins overthought things? Just as Leo was about to relax and bounce around, Dalton’s gaze suddenly swept over him. His bottomless eyes hid a mysterious air of nobility as if he were born with it. Leo’s heart s ki p p d a beat, and he immediately fled. And not only did he flee, but he also hid within the copper coin, trembling uncontrollably and even giving up his pacifier. Chapter 503 Dalton Felt Bad for Wynter Wynter was still pondering Leo’s words. What could the Winstons have that would make Leo
Involuntarily follow them? Wynter tapped her lucky token, intending to ask Leo about the situation when he was at the Scott residence and how he got so hurt that he was at the children’s hospital. However, there was no response from the coin She raised her eyebrows and then glanced at the man beside her. She was puzzled. Why were these little ones so afraid of him? Meanwhile, Dalton chuckled and put down his work phone. He took out a bottle of water from the car’s refrigerator and handed it to her. “Why are you staring at me like that?” “Nothing.” Wynter yawned lazily. “You go ahead and work. Wake me up when we arrive.” She always felt sleepy after breaking a formation. Atwater hadn’t lied about that. It truly was exhausting. work. In the comfort of the car, Wynter quickly drifted off to sleep as soon as she closed her eyes. Dalton looked at her delicate face in his palm, feeling a different kind of tenderness. Then his gaze fell on the copper coin as if warning it. This time, the coin trembled even more violently. Dalton seemed to disregard the little coin. He merely instructed the driver to slow down a bit while he continued to deal with the matter at hand, which was related to Wynter. The Scotts had been looking for her, but it wasn’t too excessive. “Sir, it seems like the Scotts just want to know if Dr. Genius really knows mystic arts,” Ethan, who was still not used to reporting through messages, typed awkwardly. Dalton replied with just one sentence. “They’re obsessed.” Ethan couldn’t figure out what Dalton meant. “Should I continue investigating?” “Yes.” Dalton’s gaze fell on the purple sugilite pendant. “Investigate whether the kidnapping case in Havenlight County is related to the Scotts, and pass the information to Shane.” Ethan touched his nose and reminded him, “Sir, but that’s your future father-in-law.” “Mind your own business,” Dalton replied before locking his phone. Father-in-law? Dalton pursed his lips, his eyes deepening. What was the rush to call Shane his father-
in- law when Wynter herself was investigating this “father” of hers? He had heard a little about the Quinnells before. In the past, he wouldn’t have interfered. After all, it was. hard to judge family matters as an outsider. But now that she was involved, he had to verify some of his thoughts. For example, what was the truth of the kidnapping case from years ago, and why was Shane becoming
###chapter503
Chapter 503 Dahon Felt Bad for Wynter FRONT 2/2 more and more obsessed with mystic arts? Dalton didn’t believe in human nature, for he had seen too much. There were many things in the Quinnell family that couldn’t be understood. And each incident seemed to be related to Shane. After all, Fabian had retired a few years ago due to health reasons. Shane, though not the brightest, tended to be involved in many affairs, so he might have made some mistakes. Though the Scotts seemed to be close to the Winstons on the surface, they were actually very close to Shane. Fabian didn’t know that because this matter was too secretive. Both sides claimed that they were not acquainted, but they both valued the same medium. There were no such coincidences in the world. Giving Shane the information was to test his reaction. Dalton tapped his fingers on the car’s armrest. If Shane really reacted, it would save Wynter from personally investigating. He didn’t want her to bear the consequences of being disrespectful to her father. 
She was not even 20 yet, but she had been busy solving problems all over Kingbourne since she arrived. Dalton actually wanted to spoil her. After all, it was only right for him to cherish his woman. Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! Play Chapter 504 Wynter Had Another Dream 7DX 1/2 Chapter 504 Wynter Had Another Dream If Wynter didn’t have the skills to protect herself, she wouldn’t have been happy at the Quinnell residence considering recent events. A selfish and hypocritical biological father, a c u n n i n g sponsee, and a bunch of families with hidden 
motives. Whenever Dalton thought about it, he couldn’t suppress the hatred brewing within him. If Wynter wanted to deal with these people personally, he would hand her the knife. Let the chips fall where they might. Dalton fiddled with his bracelet. As he raised his gaze again, his demeanor seemed to have changed. Meanwhile, Wynter had another dream after falling asleep in the car. This time, her dream was even more bizarre. She was participating in Ultimate Survival again. But this time, Tobias was missing. He had been buried in the children’s hospital while trying to save someone. The pair of twins had also become earthbound spirits. In her dream, Tobias’ last visit home ended in an argument with Shane. “I don’t agree. I’ll never agree for anyone to replace Wynter, Tobias argued and turned to look at Marie, who seemed like a different person. “Do you also think that someone can replace Wynter? Mom, say something!” His eyes were red, and his voice was h o a r s e as he shouted, “Didn’t you promise to bring Wynter back? Say something!* “Tobias, don’t yell at Mom. She has just recovered and can’t handle any stress,” Naomi said softly. “I never wanted to replace Wynter. You know she’s coming back soon.” In the dream, Tobias’ eyes were terrifyingly dark. “Don’t call her your mom! Since you know my real sister is coming back soon, how dare you think of becoming an adopted daughter of our family?” “I… I…” Naomi shrunk behind Marie. “Mom relies on me a lot, and Dad said it’d be best for her if I stayed. If you can’t stand me, I- I can go abroad.” 
“That’s enough!” Shane finally spoke up. “Tobias, how long are you going to keep this charade going? You’re the only one in the family causing trouble. Why do you have to be a celebrity and be criticized online?” He continued, “You always say that no one can replace Wynter. But who was the one who lost her in the first place? It was you, Tobias. Don’t forget what you did. “Wynter is coming back soon, and Naomi is a good girl. They’ll get along just fine. What exactly are you trying to achieve here? “Your mom and I have made this decision together. Naomi has been a tremendous help to us, and we’ve come to see her as our own daughter. Anyway, you better do something about those comments and news.
###chapter504
Chapter 504 Winter Had Another DreamPOLTE 22 Tobias didn’t seem to care about what Shane said. He just stared at Marie. “Say something! Mom, say something!” In the darkness, Marie seemed to speak up. “Your dad’s decision is my decision.” “You weren’t like this before!” Tobias yelled with bloodshot eyes. He seemed like someone who had been fighting alone for too long. As he left, he walked away quickly without looking back. After he left, there was a faint, h o a r s e voice. “I wish you were here, Elliot.” Wynter finally understood why Elliot wasn’t at the family reunion banquet in her dream. He had been detained in Havenlight County! Paradise Village hadn’t shown any signs of abnormality, but Elliot was smart and left a trail of marks. The Special Unit noticed the marks, but it was too late. Elliot never came out again. 
What was brought back was his medal. Havenlight County was destroyed, but the price paid was too high. Elliot was dead. Was the Elliot who appeared at the banquet with a strange look in her dream a spirit? 505 Nightmare 1/2 Chapter 505 Nightmare This meant that, in her dream, just before she was about to return, Elliot and Tobias were both gone. All because of these different incidents? When Wynter woke up, she found it hard to breathe, and her head was throbbing. She had dreamt so many times before, but never had she experienced this feeling until today. It was as if a heavy stone was pressing on her chest, making it impossible to catch her breath. With her memory missing and her underlying psychological issues, she had always been indifferent to family ties. 
So initially, when her biological parents didn’t come looking for her, she wasn’t too bothered. She felt that if they truly cared about her, they would come looking for her. But now, as Wynter looked back on these dreams, her eyes stung. Tobias’ figure standing alone in the night looked so desolate. He wanted her to come back, but he didn’t. want her to suffer and be recognized alongside a sponsee by the Quinnells, Tobias’ reputation online had always been poor. But when he was on the show, his first instinct was still to save others in danger. His questioning of Marie was just to gain a bit of strength. But that conversation left him feeling defeated. In the later part of the dream, Tobias and Marie grew increasingly distant. Others often used this to provoke him. When Tobias was trapped in the children’s hospital, the Quinnells had just gone to Southdale to pick Wynter up. They never met face to face in the dream. Even when Tobias was about to die, all he could think of was how he had lost Wynter. Just as Wynter was about to clench her fists to suppress the unease, the man beside her spoke up with concern. His voice was low. “You had a nightmare? What did you dream about?” It was Dalton. His eyes were fixed on her, reflecting her pale face. He had never seen her like this before. Knowing her, he knew that an ordinary nightmare wouldn’t have affected her like this. Something was wrong with Wynter. Maurice’s reminder was right. The more spirits she carried with her, the more she was prone to their influence. Since she hadn’t started her spiritual practice yet, unnecessary emotions like relentless hatred were more likely to surface easily. “I dreamed of,” Wynter lifted her gaze, her eyes gradually turning dark, “some unpleasant things. I’m thinking about how to get revenge.”
###chapter505
Chapte: 505 Nightmare 2/2 After all, she was different from others. She would only acknowledge the person as her father if he treated her well. She had seen selfish people like Shane before. Ewan was just like Shane. Would people like them truly love anyone? No. They only loved themselves. Wynter wouldn’t go after Shane out of respect for Fabian. But every word that Shane said in her dream filled her blood with anger. She originally had a neutral impression of Shane. Yet, it turned out that the one who had been manipulating Tobias all along wasn’t the sick Marie, but Shane. And everything about Naomi was just strange. Wynter had initially wanted to wait a little longer before investigating Naomi to find out who was behind her. But now, she didn’t have the patience anymore. Since those two were so good at acting, she would let them perform at the banquet. Shane was her biological father in name, so she couldn’t do anything to him openly. But Naomi was nobody to her. When Tobias was around, she had gone against him. At this thought, Wynter lifted her head, her eyes now crimson. 
Seeing her like this, Dalton raised his hand and gently ruffled her hair. “Looks like I’ll need to cover the medical bills.” As he said that, he pressed Wynter’s face against his neck and sighed softly. “You’re already making things difficult for yourself at such a young age. Wynter Was Being Intimate With Dalton 1/2 Wynter Was Being Intimate With Dalton Wynter’s eyes were filled with resentment, which often led her to long for something like Dalton’s neck. She had bitten his neck before. 
The black mist, along with his fortune, was always enticing to her. Well, the most critical point was that he smelled good and was good-looking. He had a noble destiny and merits on his side, but his personal burdens held him back. To Wynter, this was oddly tempting. Wynter knew it was strange, but she couldn’t help but nibble on his neck. His scent helped soothe some of her nightmares and even cleared her mind a bit. Upon seeing the change in his usually sickly pale face because of her nibbles, Wynter couldn’t help but smile. She suddenly felt that instead of dressing in a black suit and white shirt, he should be wearing a blood- red robe to truly enhance his noble appearance. Wynter couldn’t shake the feeling that this image of him seemed strangely familiar. She had inexplicably gained additional fragmented memories of her raising a- Wynter pondered for a moment and found the idea absurd, so she felt that it shouldn’t have been her in the memory. At this moment, Dalton’s hand reached out, seemingly to warn her to behave. However, Wynter grew bolder. After all, he was her fiancé. A few nibbles wouldn’t hurt, especially considering how heavenly luck was a big boost for mediums. While Dalton’s fortune might have had more blood and tension, Wynter didn’t need it to be pure since she wasn’t practicing spirituality anyway. Assertively, she exerted force and pressed down on Dalton’s wrist. Dalton called her young earlier. But now, the tables had turned. She had taken the lead. Raising an eyebrow, he smiled and went along with her actions. A little blood wouldn’t hurt if it could treat her hysteria, He always knew his flesh and blood were precious, so he allowed few people to get close to him. However, Wynter was different. Dalton was willing to let her approach. His fair fingers traced her hair
while a smile played on his lips. However, the timing and location were not quite right. They were in the car and almost reaching their destination. While Dalton pondered this, the car suddenly stopped. The SUV’s advantage was that the front row couldn’t see.the back row. Even without that, the driver was sensible. If Dalton didn’t speak up, he wouldn’t eavesdrop or peek. However, Leo, who was inside the copper coin, was startled. He wondered what was going on. Wynter was being intimate with that man, who obviously could see him. It wasn’t what he had expected.
###chapter506
Chapter 5 0 6 Wynter Was Being Intimate With Dalton Wynter’s eyes were filled with resentment, which often led her to long for something like Dalton’s neck. She had bitten his neck before. The black mist, along with his fortune, was always enticing to her. Well, the most critical point was that he smelled good and was good-looking. He had a noble destiny and merits on his side, but his personal burdens held him back. To Wynter, this was oddly tempting. Wynter knew it was strange, but she couldn’t help but nibble on his neck. His scent helped soothe some of her nightmares and even cleared her mind a bit. Upon seeing the change in his usually sickly pale face because of her nibbles, Wynter couldn’t help but smile. 
She suddenly felt that instead of dressing in a black suit and white shirt, he should be wearing a blood- red robe to truly enhance his noble appearance. Wynter couldn’t shake the feeling that this image of him seemed strangely familiar. She had inexplicably gained additional fragmented memories of her raising a- Wynter pondered for a moment and found the idea absurd, so she felt that it shouldn’t have been her in the memory. At this moment, Dalton’s hand reached out, seemingly to warn her to behave. However, Wynter grew bolder. After all, he was her fiancé. A few nibbles wouldn’t hurt, especially considering how heavenly luck was a big boost for mediums. While Dalton’s fortune might have had more blood and tension, Wynter didn’t need it to be pure since she wasn’t practicing spirituality anyway. Assertively, she exerted force and pressed down on Dalton’s wrist. Dalton called her young earlier. But now, the tables had turned. She had taken the lead. Raising an eyebrow, he smiled and went along with her actions. A little blood wouldn’t hurt if it could
treat her hysteria, He always knew his flesh and blood were precious, so he allowed few people to get close to him. However, Wynter was different. Dalton was willing to let her approach. His fair fingers traced her hair while a smile played on his lips. However, the timing and location were not quite right. They were in the car and almost reaching their destination. While Dalton pondered this, the car suddenly stopped. The SUV’s advantage was that the front row couldn’t see.the back row. Even without that, the driver was sensible. If Dalton didn’t speak up, he wouldn’t eavesdrop or peek. However, Leo, who was inside the copper coin, was startled. He wondered what was going on. Wynter was being intimate with that man, who obviously could see him. It wasn’t what he had expected. Chapter 5 0 6 Wynter Was Bring Intimate With Dalton 2/2 Leo doubted whether he had made a mistake. Perhaps Dalton wasn’t the underworld lord he had thought. He shouldn’t have been though, as the lord hadn’t shown his face for a century. Also, wherever he went, chaos ensued. Those mediums had no way to deal with him. Yet, they all wanted to. Most importantly, the lord was a stud, loved wearing blood-red clothes, and was surrounded by countless women. Though Leo had maintained this baby form for several lifetimes without reincarnating, he had been to the underworld. The lord’s taste in attire was completely different from Dalton’s. Moreover, Dalton had heavenly luck, s0 he couldn’t be the lord. As Leo reassured himself, the car door suddenly opened. It was Tobias, wearing a mask and a hat. “We’ve already been here for so long. Why are you…” He stopped mid-sentence as he stared incredulously at the scene before him. 
Wynter, with one hand pressed against Dalton, looked both cool and beautiful. Upon hearing the noise, she even glanced in his direction indifferently, as if annoyed that he had spoiled her fun. With a swish, Tobias closed the car door again without a word.
###chapter507
Chapter 507 Introverted If Dalton’s and Wynter’s roles were reversed, Tobias would exercise his brother’s rights and pull Dalton out of the car. They weren’t even married yet. How could they do such a thing in the car? But just now, he saw Wynter pressing down on Dalton. She even tore his shirt and gave Tobias a richly expressive glance. Tobias now had his thoughts all jumbled up. He needed to think this through properly. What was Wynter doing? Was she forcing herself on Dalton? But Dalton would always shoot a cold glare at anyone who dared to touch him. If he wasn’t willing, Wynter wouldn’t be able to force herself on him. It was definitely that sly Dalton who seduced Wynter. But Wynter’s superior demeanor seemed too natural. If word got out, everyone would believe she was the 
one who tainted Dalton’s innocence. Tobias paced back and forth in front of the car door. Marie, who was standing at the steakhouse’s entrance, glanced back and saw this scene. She wondered why he was sighing and wringing his hands when he was just there to ask the couple to come out of the car. Tobias also noticed her gaze and instinctively wanted to protect Wynter. Wynter must have been infatuated by Dalton’s face. He couldn’t let Marie know that Wynter had forced herself on Dalton like this. Just as Tobias wanted to talk to Marie, the car door opened again, revealing Wynter with a healthy flush to her cheeks. 
She looked at Tobias. “Tobias, what did you want to say just now?” Tobias glanced at Dalton, who was adjusting his coat inside the car, and grunted, “Nothing.” With that, he pulled Wynter aside and rambled, “Wynter, I can understand if you like his face, but you….” In Tobias’ eyes, Wynter didn’t seem to like Dalton that much. Tobias couldn’t quite describe the feeling. However, there was one thing he must tell her. “There are plenty of people in Kingbourne who like him.” He lowered his voice and continued, “Fortunately, he doesn’t have some cheesy, unrequited love story, but he’s not what you think, either. “I’m not trying to meddle in your relationship. I’m just saying if you really like him, you can take things slow. At this moment, Dalton seemed to transform back into a sickly patient again. He coughed lightly and said. Chapter 507 Introverted 2/2 with a smile, “Tobias, I’m actually not a fan of taking things slow. I think Wynter is doing just fine. As you know, I’m a bit introverted.” How could Dalton with his handsome and refined face say something like that? Tobias felt that he had seriously underestimated Dalton’s c u n n i n g. The word “introverted” was surely not meant to describe someone like Dalton. How could he label himself as such when he was the one who would ruin an entire company with one move? Moreover, why was Dalton speaking to him so courteously? Technically, Dalton was his boss. This wasn’t the usual demeanor Dalton had toward him. If this guy entered showbiz, he’d win an acting award in no time. Tobias wanted to say something but found it difficult to speak. He was afraid of saying too much and making Wynter think he was being too meddlesome. Openly, Wynter reached out to fix Dalton’s collar and said softly, “Don’t bully Tobias.” 
Dalton would listen to his fiancée, of course. He lowered his eyes and smiled. Wynter gave him a lozenge and said, “I’m satisfied with the pay.” “That’s good.” With Wynter around, Dalton was unusually easygoing. Tobias felt relieved now, though he was still somewhat shocked. After all, everyone knew what kind of person Dalton was in the past.
###chapter508
Chapter Another Beating They Won’t Forget Tobias noticed a distinct difference in Dalton’s demeanor toward Wynter, and that alone assured him. Tobias would never tolerate anyone mistreating Wynter, regardless of their engagement status or family background complexities. After some contemplation, Tobias suddenly suggested, “How about you two get engaged sooner?” Tobias’ sudden shift in attitude left Wynter pondering. She surmised that Tobias was likely concerned about potential jealousy and mistreatment she might face upon returning to the Quinnell family. Therefore, Tobias believed her engagement with Dalton would offer her protection. After all, the Yarwood family had held a prominent position in Sorzada City for centuries. As a fortune teller, Wynter could usually discern a person’s fortunes at a glance. However, no matter how she looked at Tobias now, she couldn’t decipher his fate. It seemed that the closer she was to a person, the more challenging it was to read their fortune, 
especially when it pertained to herself. Even during Tobias’ filming at the children’s hospital, Wynter hadn’t detected any signs of impending doom on him, which was rather peculiar. Tobias didn’t strike her as someone with a short life span, so he shouldn’t have been confined to that hospital unless someone had placed a curse on him. Wynter gazed at her considerate brother, who cared for her to the extent of involving the Yarwood family. She recalled the dream where Tobias stood alone and said, “Elliot, if only you were here.” Swearing in her heart to protect Tobias at all costs, Wynter wrapped her arms around him and reassured him, “Don’t worry, Tobias. Elliot and I are here for you.” 
She vowed not to let anyone bully her as she had seen in the dream, nor would she allow Tobias to die helplessly. She was determined to confront those who had wronged Tobias, mocked their mother, and the hidden figures behind Havenlight County. But Wynter kept these thoughts to herself as she held onto Tobias, leaving him puzzled. Without hesitation, Tobias returned her embrace, his eyes filled with joy. “So, Wynter, you’ve decided to get engaged, haven’t you? Don’t worry. Marry whoever you like by whatever means necessary.” Reflecting on it, Tobias realized it wasn’t a big deal if Wynter pursued the man she had her eye on. After all, she had always been assertive since childhood, and Dalton seemed unfazed by her approach, too. Tobias continued to describe his plan like a devoted brother. “Wynter, once you’ve reclaimed your name as a Quinnell, you should get engaged to Dalton immediately. Another Beating They Won’t Forget 2/2 “Don’t worry about your wedding gift. Grandpa has given me some shares, so I’ve got you covered! After the engagement, no one will dare to pick on you again!” As the Quinnell family’s youngest son, Tobias remained fearless and arrogant, a clear contrast to Dalton. Feeling a joy she had never experienced before, Marie watched Wynter embrace Tobias as if they were back in their childhood, her lips curved in delight. She remembered Tobias would rush back and forth when Wynter was born, shaking the bottle in his hand. and checking its temperature. “Mom, Wynter’s hungry again. I’ll feed her!” “I’ve saved lots of pocket money, Mom. Wynter looks like she could use teddy bear cookies. I’ll go buy some for her.” some 
Marie responded with a laugh, “Wynter’s still a baby. She can’t eat cookies.” “She reached out to me, hinting that she wanted some,” Tobias insisted. With a bruised face, he kissed Wynter and remarked, “Wynter’s the smartest kid I’ve ever seen, Mom. Unlike that Winston kid. He’s nothing compared to Wynter.” Marie frowned. “We don’t criticize others, Tobias.” “Do you want a hug, Wynter? Here we go,” Tobias said as he lifted Wynter from the cradle. “If the Winstons dare to call you ugly again, I’ll give them another beating they won’t forget! “You’re the prettiest little princess, aren’t you, Wynter? Look, Mom! Wynter is smiling at me!” Chapte: 509 Die Uncles Are
###chapter509
Chapter 509 Our Uncles Are Coming Tobias might be mischievous at times, but his unwavering care for his family was undeniable. Mariel understood the immense pain Tobias endured when Wynter was abducted. Now that both her daughter and son were safely back with her, Marie found herself on the verge of tears. She never anticipated earning Tobias’ forgiveness so swiftly, especially after the harsh words she had uttered during her illness. Marie was never one to be underestimated. After awakening from her prolonged slumber at the hotel, she realized she didn’t recognize the person she had become. She was a jobless individual who remained at home all the time while Tobias bore the weight of his guilt alone. Marie applied to the entertainment company for two reasons: to reconcile with Tobias and to counteract the negative online comments. 
She refused to let her son be criticized and portrayed unfairly. She wondered why Shane hadn’t intervened in the matter sooner. She was aware Tobias had left home because of Naomi, claiming he wanted nothing to do with the Quinnells anymore. But Marie couldn’t fathom why Shane would neglect their son like that. As she clenched her fists, Marie’s expression darkened with resolve. Now that Wynter had returned, Marie no longer gave Naomi a second thought, and the Quinnells had no reason to adopt another daughter. Nevertheless, Marie felt the need to make amends for Naomi. After all, Naomi did play a role in her recovery… or did she? As Marie contemplated, some images began to surface in her mind. 
Regardless, she could not continue to be sheltered. While the Quinnell family might be in disarray, her own family, the Whitman family, must remain unscathed. “Tobias, Wynter, come here,” Marie said with a gentle smile, motioning for them to approach. Wynter and Tobias approached, looking puzzled. “I’ll be visiting the Whitman family later to see your uncles,” Marie informed them. “Now?” Tobias exclaimed in surprise. Married chuckled. “Your upcles haven’t heard the news of Wynter’s return. You know how they feel about your father, so it’s best if I break the news to them.” “So our uncles are coming, too?” Tobias’ eyes instantly lit up. Marie ruffled his hair. “Remember to maintain your image, Mr. Celebrity. With your sister back, your uncles $60 Du Under Are Coming: should definitely be present at the ceremony.” “Oh, Dad is going to be in so much trouble,” Tobias remarked with a grin, knowing that his uncles had always wanted to give Shane a piece of their minds but refrained from doing so because of Marie. “But I thought they declared they’d never interfere in the Quinnell family’s affairs again,” Tobias added, recalling the deep disappointment on his uncles’ faces when Marie had agreed to take Naomi in. Although they had questioned Marie about her decision, she had tearfully remained silent, unable to utter a word. In the end, they had no choice but to leave in puzzlement, unable to comprehend what had changed their sister. Turning to Tobias, Marie explained, “Your uncles said that because of me. I was the cause of all this. If I hadn’t fallen ill, you wouldn’t have been left alone, and Wynter could have returned to us sooner. So, I must make things right.” Her fists clenched tighter. Then, she shifted her gaze to Wynter, smiling affectionately. “Now that Wynter’s back, her loving uncles
will naturally return, too.” More importantly, the Whitman family should be aware that Wynter, the Quinnells’ heiress, had returned. “All my children should be protected not only by the Quinnell family but also by the Whitman family,” Marie stated firmly.
###chapter510
Chapter 510 Salvageable Wynter hadn’t delved into Marie’s family background. But from Marie’s description, she was quite certain her uncles were just as devoted as Tobias, making the Whitmans appear less dubious than the Quinnell family. Her focus had been on investigating the Quinnell family, particularly concerning the Earthbound Formation and Fabian’s death that she had foreseen. She had identified several individuals of interest, notably her great uncle, Declan Quinnell. It was rumored that Declan was affluent but idle, receiving only modest dividends annually. Wynter had tasked people with investigating the matters she had dreamed of. Despite her dreams portraying Declan in a positive light, she remained vigilant. Rather than overt threats, she was more wary of those who seemed innocuous yet enigmatic. The uneasy feeling of Shane being closer to Declan than his own father, Fabian, lingered in Wynter’s mind. According to Fabian, Shane was weak but had a penchant for showing off. Unable to endure Fabian’s stern directives, Shane often sought solace in Declan’s gentle counsel, leading to a closer relationship 
between them. Wynter hadn’t delved too deeply into this matter. After all, she had encountered Shane herself and thought he indeed matched the description: arrogant and self-centered, masking his selfishness with displays of familial concern. Shane did seem like someone who would vent his frustrations to someone else after being scolded. But was he truly so simple-minded, only seeking solace from Declan? Wynter recalled Shane’s words to Tobias in her dream. How foolish was Shane to align himself with an outsider like Naomi to the extent of alienating his own son? It would make sense if Naomi were his illegitimate daughter, but Fabian had investigated and confirmed otherwise. 
What was Shane’s motive, then? Even the most foolish person wouldn’t defend someone without any tangible benefit, especially not a businessman like Shane. Wynter vowed to unravel this peculiar phenomenon. Having just experienced a nightmare, Wynter’s mind was consumed with dissecting its details, causing her to forget to inquire about her uncles’ identities. The recurrence of these realistic dreams couldn’t be a mere coincidence. Wynter couldn’t help but wonder if she was reliving this life for the second time, as described in novels. Regardless of whether these were just dreams or memories from a past life, Wynter was determined to prevent those events from happening. Returning to reality, Wynter’s gaze shifted back to Tobias, seated across the dining table with his head Chapte510 Salvageable bowed. His animated expression suggested he was engrossed in typing messages. For the first time, Wynter felt grateful for her decision to return with Fabian. 22 Her earlier return, a month ahead of the timeline in her dream and with less attention drawn to it, meant everything was salvageable. Therefore, Tobias hadn’t been confined to the children’s hospital during filming. In her dream, signs of decline had already begun to appear in the Quinnell family before her return. It seemed as though an invisible hand was disrupting their peace, leveraging her presence. Eager to uncover the culprit, Wynter left Noami untouched, using her as bait to lure the culprit. However, the culprit remained patient, still concealed in the shadows. It appeared that Wynter would have to take a more aggressive approach. As Wynter pondered her next move, Tobias, unaware of her thoughts, was busy recounting everything he had seen earlier in “The Bandits Save Grandpa’ group chat. “That shameless Dalton! He even had the nerve to claim he’s introverted!” Tobias typed. Yet, instead of responding to Tobias’ remark, the other brothers seemed more concerned about another 
matter. “It seems like Wynter is serious about Dalton.”
###chapter511
Chapter 511 Oversight Was Not His Only Sin “Well, Dalton does have a pretty face.” “I’ve always known Dalton to be c u n n i n g. As long as Wynter likes him, it doesn’t really matter if he has a dark side.” “Sebastian, you’re the same age as Dalton, aren’t you? So, you must know him better than us.” “Me? Not as well as Tobias, I’d say. I remember Toblas cried for a whole day when he first met Dalton! So, I’m surprised that Dalton lets Wynter have her way with him.” Suddenly, Sebastian posed a question. “Are you sure Wynter is the one who pursued him?” Tobias typed in response, ‘It seems that way.” Sebastian felt it required further verification, though. However, this wasn’t the main subject Tobias wanted to discuss with his brothers. He wanted to share everything Wynter had told him regarding Marie, especially now that their eldest brother, Albert, had joined their group chat. 
After Tobias had confided Wynter’s speculation to his elder brothers, except Elliot who was absent, the atmosphere in the group suddenly turned solemn. The four elder brothers’ expressions instantly turned cold upon reading Tobias’ message. “So, Wynter’s suggesting that someone orchestrated her abduction and Mom’s illness behind the scenes?” Sebastian, who was in the middle of a lively conversation at the Hawford Legal Elites, suddenly adopted an icy demeanor beneath his gold-rimmed glasses. Sebastian Quinnell stood out as the Quinnell family’s most unconventional member. Unlike the others, he didn’t conform to the typical Quinnell traits of honesty and straightforwardness. Instead, he carried himself with an eccentric demeanor, often revealing a darker side. Since moving out of the Quinnell family and becoming an attorney, Sebastian typically wore a gentle smile on his face, regardless of the cases he handled. 
However, this friendly demeanor often elicited wariness from others, as they suspected he might be concealing ulterior motives. ?  ? Despite his c u n n i n g reputation among attorneys, this was the first time he displayed such a cold gaze in front of his peers. His eyes bore a steely intensity, hinting that his usual facade was on the verge of being stripped away. Tobias elaborated, “Wynter is incredibly capable and knowledgeable. She even rescued me during a filming accident. She mentioned that Mom’s disorientation disorder wasn’t a coincidence but was deliberate.” “Disorientation disorder?” Sebastian found the term peculiar, but it surprisingly matched Marie’s symptoms. Chapte: 511 Overnight Was No Hà Only Sin Since Marie had fallen ill, they had sought help from psychologists, but to no avail. As Marie gradually transformed into a completely different person, Shane even advised them not to upset Marle further. As a seasoned attomey, Sebastian swiftly discerned the situation’s abnormalities and inquired, “Did Wynter mention Dad’s involvement in Mom’s condition?” Taken aback, Tobias replied with hesitation, “Sebastian, what are you implying?” Upon reading Sebastian’s speculation, the group lapsed into a momentary silence. Sebastian followed up with a voice message, his tone nonchalant. “My choice of words may seem harsh, but the truth remains that Dad is likely more aware of Mom’s condition than anyone else. Yet, he failed to provide any substantial assistance in her recovery. “I presume Wynter harbors suspicious about this, but she chose not to disclose to you.” Tobias was startled by Sebastian’s astute observation. He suddenly realized that despite Marie being present with them, Shane, who typically accompanied her, was absent. Furthermore, Wynter rarely brought up Shane during their conversations, despite already having met
him. Tobias also recalled Fabian mentioning Shane’s absurd way of handling things. “Wynter isn’t inclined to accept Dad as her father,” Sebastian calmly asserted. “No, let me rephrase that,” he suddenly added. “Not only is Wynter reluctant to accept Dad, but she also harbors a dislike, or even resentment, toward him. She didn’t tell you because she didn’t want to hurt b feelings.”
###chapter512
Chapter 512 The Most Unreasonable One in the Family Sebastian suddenly remarked, “You know, Wynter doesn’t have to worry about us. Apart from Albert, nobody in this group really cares about Dad.” CEO Albert: “Sebastian, he’s still our father after all. Until we have solid evidence, we shouldn’t jump to conclusions. And if Mom finds out we’re suspicious of Dad, she’ll be upset, too.” Sebastian took off his glasses, a glint of malice in his eyes. “If Dad really did something to hurt Mom and Wynter for his own benefit, then he doesn’t deserve to be called our father.” CEO Albert: “Wynter didn’t explicitly state that.” Sebastian didn’t hold back. “But if she did, then we need to take action. It’s no wonder she hasn’t reached out to us brothers after being back for so long. “We always talk about protecting Wynter, but have we really done that? That’s likely what Grandpa was worried about, which is why he didn’t disclose everything to us that day. “Dad insisted on bringing Naomi into our home as a sponsee, almost as if trying to replace Wynter. If I were Wynter, I wouldn’t rely on these useless brothers either, especially knowing that Mom might have suffered because of Dad.” CEO Albert: “Sebastian Quinnell!” 
Sebastian put his glasses back on and added, “Relax, Albert. I suspect Dad’s been pretty preoccupied lately, so he might not even be aware of Mom’s recovery. Right, Tobias?” Tobias wasn’t certain, as Wynter hadn’t mentioned anything about it, seemingly disregarding their father altogether. Noticing Tobias’ silence, Sebastian reminded him, “You can always ask Wynter about it. you know?” Tobias gritted his teeth and typed back, “Wynter didn’t bring it up out of respect for our dignity. Why
should I confront her directly and embarrass myself? If Wynter refuses to accept Dad as her father, so be it. I’ll still be her brother, regardless.” Tobias felt a sense of relief after expressing his thoughts to his brothers. Sebastian smiled. “Then relay my message to Wynter: I’ve been at odds with Dad since birth, and as an attorney, I’m skilled in handling divorce cases. If Mom makes up her mind, she can always divorce Dad and keep her children.” Elliot, who had just joined the group chat, chimed in, “Just arrived at the suburbs. Divorce isn’t a bad idea. Albert, what do you think?” Albert remained silent, wondering if his younger brothers were venting their dissatisfaction with Shane behind his back. He decided to give his brothers a heads up, “Dad did approach me recently to discuss Wynter.” 2/2 Sebastian retorted mercilessly. “He tattled to you? When will this old man learn to grow up?” Albert rubbed his brows and responded, “Sebastian, do you think Dad hasn’t given any thought to this?” After a brief pause, Sebastian replied bluntly. “That’s the problem. He overthinks things. Sometimes, I can’t help but wonder if he’s biologically related to Grandpa. Albert thought that if Shane weren’t related by blood to the Quinnells, that would make Sebastian Fabian’s illegitimate grandson, too. Albert sighed deeply. “You guys are being too hard on Dad. One of us has to keep him in check, especially considering how strong Mom and Dad’s relationship is, Tobias finally grasped Albert’s intention. “Are you concerned that Mor may not take it well if she finds out what Dad has done, Albert?” Albert responded, “Exactly. If Dad really has something to do with Mom’s illness, it could be traumatizing for her. 
“When Grandpa mentioned what happened at the hotel, I also sensed something was off. We Quinnells are a clever lot, so how could Dad be so foolish?” Sebastian tapped on his desk and then replied, “He’s not a fool. He simply didn’t anticipate Kaspar Stavious to show up there.” CEO Albert. “Even if another fortune teller besides Kaspar went to the hotel that day, Dad could have easily regained control as long as he could prove that Wynter was incapable of managing the hotel.” Sebastian’s gaze grew chilly. “So, why did Dad come to see you?” CEO Albert: “He wants us to convince Wynter to be reasonable, as he hasn’t given up on adopting Noami. Elliot retorted with a message, “Says the most unreasonable one in the whole family.”
###chapter513
Chapter 513 Investigating Shane CEO Albert: “That’s why we need to figure out why Dad’s acting so unreasonably. Sebastian raised an eyebrow. “Sounds like Dad’s opening up to you, Albert.” CEO Albert: “Do I have a choice? He sought me out, so I have to listen, right? Maybe I should suggest he talk to you guys instead.” Elliot immediately declared, “I’m busy.” Sebastian smiled cheerfully. “Every time Dad talks to me, he falls III. So, for the sake of his health, I’ll leave that responsibility to you, Albert.” Shane was seen as a thorny issue by his sons, so no one was eager to handle him except Albert. Albert got straight to the point. “I’ve been looking into past incidents and will soon have results. If it’s proven that Dad was involved with Mom’s illness, then we need to keep Mom away from him first. “Furthermore, it doesn’t make sense for Dad to insist on Wynter accepting that outsider… unless Naomi 
holds some special significance to him.” Sebastian raised his brows. “Albert, are you suggesting that Naomi might be Dad’s illegitimate daughter?” CEO Albert: “Not quite, Sebastian. I’m referring to Wynter’s birthdate and horoscope.” Elliot narrowed his eyes. “So, you’re saying Dad was the one who provided Wynter’s birthdate and horoscope?” CEO Albert: “We’re still awaiting confirmation. I need to verify everything first. Meanwhile, we need to figure out how to break the news to Mom and Grandpa if Dad is indeed involved.” The group lapsed into silence once more. CEO Albert: “Wynter might be keeping a close watch on Dad, observing how far he’ll go.” Tobias, engrossed in messaging his brothers, suddenly felt Marie’s gaze on him. Not wanting to alarm
his mother, he swiftly stowed his phone away, pondering over their discussion. Albert made a valid point. Shane had always seemed to genuinely care for Marie. If he truly was responsible for Marie’s illness, how should they reveal it to her? Fabian seemed to have suspected something after the incident at the hotel, so they might not need to worry about breaking the news to him. If Sebastian hadn’t brought up his hypothesis over Wynter’s suspicion, Tobias wouldn’t have paid much attention to the situation. Despite Shane’s occasional foolishness, Tobias couldn’t fathom him ever harming Marie. Yet, Albert’s suggestion hinted otherwise. Lost in thought, Tobias found his appetite waning. Chapter 513 Investigating Shane 212 Wynter, noticing his distraction, assumed he must have exchanged messages with her brothers, conveying what she had revealed earlier. While Wynter hadn’t intended to disclose her suspicions to her brothers so soon, perhaps it was a blessing in disguise that they had picked up on them beforehand. After all, regardless of whether Wynter’s dreams reflected reality, Shane had failed to protect Marie. Despite seeming caring and supportive during Marie’s recovery outside of work, the truth was he had isolated her indoors. However, everyone had their own way of expressing affection, so Wynter couldn’t point her finger at Shane just yet. Yet, Wynter vividly remembered a moment from her dreams. It was on the day she officially reclaimed her Quinnell name. Someone at the gathering asked Shane, “Mr. Quinnell, where’s Mrs. Quinnell?” Shane replied, “Her condition forbids her from socializing, and I’m concerned it would strain her. But don’t worry, I’ll bring home her favorite food later.” While Shane’s responses might have seemed considerate to others, was it appropriate to make such a
statement at a gathering of prominent families? Even Wynter had her doubts. Shane’s words could easily lead others to believe that Marie was losing her men t a l faculties. Nevertheless, since Fabian organized the event and invited the guests, Wynter decided to play along. She wanted to see how Shane would officially announce Naomi as his adoptive daughter with everyone present.
###chapter514
Chapter 514 Suspected of Being a Gigolo As Wynter’s hunger grew with her intensive thinking, the food finally arrived. Despite Dalton’s claim that it was just a modest diner, he had actually brought them to the steakhouse. that had been a Kingbourne staple for over a century. From appetizers to desserts, every dish served at the restaurant was mouthwatering. Dalton knew Wolf had a hearty appetite, so he ordered him a porterhouse, seasoned to perfection. Every bite of the tender, juicy meat filled the air with a delightful aroma. While Wolf savored his meal, he graciously offered some to Marie, displaying his hospitality. Meanwhile, Dalton attended to Wynter, assisting her with the food and napkins. His usual obsession with cleanliness seemed forgotten, with his trench coat hanging loosely nearby. 
As Dalton brushed Wynter’s hair, a gleam of joy sparkled in his eyes. “You must be famished.” “Mm-hmm,” Wynter replied, continuing to enjoy her meal. Her physically demanding job required ample fuel, especially after a taxing men t a l effort. Dalton tied her hair back, his eyes radiating affection. As the waiter entered their private room, Charlie happened to pass by with his group of old schoolmates and noticed Wynter inside. He abruptly paused outside the door. Wynter? Why was a man sitting so intimately with her, feeding her food? Charlie couldn’t recall being so close with Wynter when they were engaged. Now, he finally understood why Wynter had embarrassed him so mercilessly in public. Clearly, she had a backup plan, Clenching his fists, Charlie’s expression turned vicious under the influence of alcohol. “What’s wrong, Charlie?” asked Andy, Charlie’s college roommate. Then, he seemed to notice Wynter. “Isn’t that Wynter, the fake heiress? The one who used to pester you? 
“Who’s that guy sitting with her? I can’t see his face. Is that her boyfriend?” As Charlie’s old schoolmates discussed curiously, Charlie finally snapped out of it. He reminded himself that he was in the middle of a Sacred Heart Medical University alumni gathering for Southdale students, where all the successful alumni from Southdale in Kingbourne were gathered. “Wow, she actually found a new boyfriend. I remember she used to have a huge crush on you, Charlie.” “Hey, watch it. You’re lucky Yvette’s not here today,” Janet, one of the alumni, interjected. “Wynter got a boyfriend. So what? Is it necessary to keep it under wraps like it’s some big secret?” Charlie chuckled. “You guys haven’t been back to Southdale lately, have you? Wynter’s become quite the social media influencer now. Plenty of men are willing to stand up for her now if you know what I mean.” Though Charlie’s implication was clear, some of the alumni remained skeptical. “She doesn’t look like that kind of person to me.” “How can you be so certain of that, Charlie?” asked Andy. “I think we shouldn’t speculate without proof. She is probably the kind of person who prefers to keep her relationship private,” Janet remarked. *Janet, you’ve no idea how intense Wynter Quinnell can get when she’s interested in someone. She used to cling to Charlie like glue back in college,” said Gina, who had a crush on Charlie. Charlie’s expression shifted as if he were contemplating something. “Janet does make a valid point. Maybe Wynter just prefers to keep her relationships private.” Andy, who had shared a room with Charlie for years, immediately caught on to his implication. He quickly added, “If I were her, I’d definitely keep things low-key too if I ended up with a gigolo like that. Though I can’t get a clear look at that guy’s face, I can see his hands are fairer than a woman’s.” Laughter rang out from the group. “Don’t tell me Wynter’s the one footing the bill for this guy.”
###chapter515
Chapter 515 Picking on Wynter
As Charlie and his companions engaged in animated conversation, the restaurant manager approached them.
“Excuse me. Could you please lower your voices so as not to disturb the other guests?”
Feeling embarrassed, Andy retorted, “Can’t we even enjoy ourselves a bit?”
“It’s a public place, Andy. Let’s be considerate,” one of the alumni chimed in. “And remember, we’re only here because of Charlie’s connections. Let’s show some respect.”
Feeling humiliated, Andy was about to argue back, but Charlie promptly calmed his fellow companions.
“Let’s drop it, guys. We can continue this elsewhere over a beer. Don’t worry about the bill, it’s on me.
Yvette will be joining us soon.
“And with her roommates here, you guys should take the opportunity to find yourself a girlfriend. Catch my drift?”
Glancing at the ladies, the men grumbled, “With you around, we won’t stand a chance, Charlie! You’re the ladies’ favorite, after all.”
Charlie wasn’t just good-looking; he was also wealthy and generous. But what truly stood out was his ability to play the role of a kind, considerate gentleman and a committed boyfriend flawlessly before his 
schoolmates.
Rumor had it that many female students harbored crushes on him, yet Charlie reportedly turned them all, down.
However, if these rumors held any truth, why would he organize a gathering and invite Yvette’s roommates for dinner without Yvette present? It seemed evident that he had hidden motives and was itching to cheat on Yvette.
In fact, he was currently walking closely to Gina, their hands brushing against each other. / gave him a warning glance, she didn’t rebuff his advances.
Unaware of Charlie’s concealed intentions, the group continued to praise him.
“Yvette is so lucky to have you as her boyfriend.”
Although Gina
“Yvette is truly remarkable. Do you realize how famous she has become? People are lining up just to meet her!
“It would be quite a sight to see Wynter’s reaction upon learning about Yvette’s success.”
Speaking of the devil, Yvette finally showed up.
“Sorry, I’m late. I was just finishing up with a special patient from the Winston family.”
Originally, Yvette had no intention of attending, preoccupied with re-establishing contact with Tobias.
But the allure of showcasing herself among her former schoolmates, particularly those from less esteemed backgrounds in Southdale, proved too tempting to resist.
While these classmates represented modest families in Kingbourne, Yvette had already carved out a significant presence in the city. Hence, she felt compelled to attend and flaunt her success.
When her schoolmates learned that Yvette had attended to a patient from the Winstons, envy filled their eyes as they looked at her.
“Finally, you’re here. We’ve been waiting,” Charlie said, immediately putting on his facade of a devoted boyfriend and guiding her to sit beside him.
Gina, who had been flirting with Charlie, appeared momentarily taken aback but quickly regained her composure.
She smiled at Yvette as if they were best friends and said, “Yvette, guess who we saw? Wynter, the fake heiress!”
Yvette’s expression flickered upon hearing this, but she masked her emotions. “Wynter? Is she here in Kingbourne, too?”
Yvette wondered if her group had encountered Wynter face-to-face.
She still harbored resentment toward Wynter for disrupting her show.
However, she understood she couldn’t employ her usual tactics against Wynter. It was especially so considering she now had the Lopez family’s and Fabian Quinnell’s support, whom she had saved.
She had considered bringing this matter to Margaret, but before she could, Wynter had unexpectedly crossed her path.
With a surprised expression, she asked, “Where’s Wynter now?”
###chapter516
Chapter 516 Laughingstock 
“Yvette, I think you’d better not bother with that disgusting fake heiress,” Gina advised. 
Sensing a potential scandal involving Wynter, Yvette suppressed her joy and frowned. “Gina, how could you say that about her?” 
“You can’t blame Gina, Yvette. Wynter’s the one being secretive, keeping her relationship under wraps. Who knows what she’s trying to hide?” Andy remarked with a sneer. 
Was Wynter in a relationship? 
“Are you 
you suggesting Wynter has been deceived? I’ve never heard Grandma mentioning Wynter seeing someone.” Yvette sounded genuinely concerned about Wynter. 
The truth was that Yvette hadn’t contacted Margaret for a while. However, she had inquired Quinton about Wynter, and he hadn’t mentioned her having a boyfriend. 
“Of course, she wouldn’t tell you about it. She would probably mention him if Wynter’s boyfriend was half as good as Charlie, but instead, she ends up with a gigolo! Ha, didn’t see that coming, huh?” exclaimed 
Andy. 
Andy’s words had significantly lifted Yvette’s spirits. 
Yvette still remembered how Wynter had previously embarrassed her, acting as if she were superior and more saintly. But now, Wynter was together with a gigolo.
Holding her urge to burst into laughter, Yvette said with relief, “Charlie, I’ve been feeling guilty about assuming Wynter’s role as your fiancée all this time. After all, Wynter is still my sister. 
“But now that she has found a new romance, I can finally release myself from that guilt.” 
“Yvette.” Charlie held her hand. “I’ve told you before, you’re not responsible for Wynter and me calling off 
our engagement. 
“It ended because Wynter is a fraud, stealing your identity. I’ve never given her the time of day, and everyone knows it.” 
“Charlie’s right. Yvette, you’re too kind–hearted,” Janet chimed in. 
“Andy, what exactly do you mean by Wynter finding a gigolo?” Yvette inquired, her curiosity piqued for 
more details. 
Andy confidently voiced his own speculation as if it were real, “I suspect he’s just a broke pretty boy. They didn’t order wine, let alone have a dedicated waiter serve in their private room. Such cheapskates.” 
However, Andy wasn’t aware that Dalton didn’t request a dedicated waiter because he was protecting Tobias‘ privacy. Instead, Dalton had the head chef grill steak for them on the spot. 
When Charlie and his companions caught a glimpse of Wynter through the gap of the open door, the walter was delivering Wolf’s iced coke. 
Chapter 516 Loughingstock 
It was evident that people with little money and those with real wealth had completely different mindsets. 
From Andy’s perspective, if one dined in a private room at a classy restaurant, they should at least order a bottle of wine to display their wealth. 
Hence, he concluded that Wynter’s new gigolo wasn’t some rich guy. His ordering coke instead of wine made that clear. 
Yvette could barely contain her joy upon hearing Andy’s remark, accepting his speculation as truth. She even assumed Wynter had found a man who was a vocational school graduate who matched Wynter’s 
education level. 
True, Wynter had coincidentally saved Fabian Quinnell’s life, and her live–streaming channel was popular, but Yvette questioned its significance. After all, from what she could tell, that channel belonged to 
Margaret, not Wynter. 
Pride swelled within Yvette. Not only had she established a network in Kingbourne, but she was also engaged to Charlie, the Shepherd family’s heir and a top student at Sacred Heart Medical University. 
Reflecting on this contrast, Yvette gazed at Charlie, her demeanor delicate. “I’m so grateful to have you, 
Charlie. You’re always generous with your spending.” 
Her sigh conveyed disappointment. “I never expected Wynter’s boyfriend to be so stingy, refusing to event order a bottle of wine in such an upscale restaurant.”
Charlie was relieved to hear that. Despite his flirtation with other women, Yvette remained his favorite. 
However, he couldn’t shake the feeling that Yvette’s affection toward him had diminished recently. He wondered if she had discovered his family’s dissatisfaction with him and no longer valued his 
contributions. 
all this time. After all, Wynter is still my sister. “But now that she has found a new romance, I can finally release myself from that guilt.” “Yvette.” Charlie held her hand. “I’ve told you before, you’re not responsible for Wynter and me calling off our engagement. “It ended because Wynter is a fraud, stealing your identity. I’ve never given her the time of day, and everyone knows it.” “Charlie’s right. Yvette, you’re too kind-hearted,” Janet chimed in. “Andy, what exactly do you mean by Wynter finding a gigolo?” Yvette inquired, her curiosity piqued for more details. Andy confidently voiced his own speculation as if it were real, “I suspect he’s just a broke pretty boy. They didn’t order wine, let alone have a dedicated waiter serve in their private room. Such cheapskates.” However, Andy wasn’t aware that Dalton didn’t request a dedicated waiter because he was protecting Tobias’ privacy. Instead, Dalton had the head chef grill steak for them on the spot. When Charlie and his companions caught a glimpse of Wynter through the gap of the open door, the walter was delivering Wolf’s iced coke. Chapter 516 Loughingstock 2/2 It was evident that people with little money and those with real wealth had completely different mindsets. 
From Andy’s perspective, if one dined in a private room at a classy restaurant, they should at least order a bottle of wine to display their wealth. Hence, he concluded that Wynter’s new gigolo wasn’t some rich guy. His ordering coke instead of wine made that clear. Yvette could barely contain her joy upon hearing Andy’s remark, accepting his speculation as truth. She even assumed Wynter had found a man who was a vocational school graduate who matched Wynter’s education level. True, Wynter had coincidentally saved Fabian Quinnell’s life, and her live-streaming channel was popular, but Yvette questioned its significance. After all, from what she could tell, that channel belonged to Margaret, not Wynter. Pride swelled within Yvette. Not only had she established a network in Kingbourne, but she was also engaged to Charlie, the Shepherd family’s heir and a top student at Sacred Heart Medical University. Reflecting on this contrast, Yvette gazed at Charlie, her demeanor delicate. “I’m so grateful to have you, Charlie. You’re always generous with your spending.” Her sigh conveyed disappointment. “I never expected Wynter’s boyfriend to be so stingy, refusing to event order a bottle of wine in such an upscale restaurant.” Charlie was relieved to hear that. Despite his flirtation with other women, Yvette remained his favorite. However, he couldn’t shake the feeling that Yvette’s affection toward him had diminished recently. He wondered if she had discovered his family’s dissatisfaction with him and no longer valued his contributions.
###chapter517
Chapter 517 Sending Wine to Humiliate Wynter 
Judging by Yvette’s demeanor, Charlie believed he might have been overthinking things. 
With Yvette nestled in his arms, Charlie contemplated finding a moment to speak with Wynter after the 
gathering. 
He hadn’t forgotten the advice his father gave him back in Southdale. If he could win over Wynter, perhaps they could use that as leverage to get in good with the Secretary–General, Lucas Keller. 
Moreover, he had to admit that Wynter was still as beautiful as he remembered. 
He doubted that Wynter had already moved on from him. Otherwise, why would she choose to be with a gigolo instead of pursuing a serious relationship? 
With those thoughts in mind, Charlie began to devise a plan. “Don’t worry, Yvette. I’ll send over a bottle of wine to Wynter as a gesture of goodwill. That’ll preserve your sister’s dignity.” 
Charlie’s plan was simple. By sending wine to Wynter, he could highlight her new boyfriend’s stinginess and subtly let her know of his presence at the restaurant. 
Yvette was taken aback. “You want to send her wine?” 
“If you’re against it, just forget it. It’s entirely up to you,” Charlie replied, eager to assert himself without revealing his true intentions. 
However, Yvette was too focused on her own scheme to worry about Charlie’s motives. Sending wine seemed like the perfect way to embarrass Wynter. 
“No, you’re right. We should send wine to Wynter to remind her of the treatment she deserves,” Yvette
said, feigning concern for Wynter’s well–being, Secretly, she was relishing the chance to chowcase her 
fiancé’s generosity. 
Aware of the potential embarrassment, Charlie’s companions eagerly anticipated Wynter’s reaction when she received the bottle of wine. 
Yvette couldn’t contain her joy any longer and quickly made the request, instructing the waiter, “If they decline, just say it’s from her future brother–in–law.” 
Initially, the waiter hesitated, feeling awkward about delivering a bottle of wine from a lower–class private room to a higher–class one. 
However, when Yvette mentioned “brother–in–law“, 
a smile, “Understood. I’ll consult our manager first.” 
e assumed they knew each other and responded with 
When Charlie and his companions heard the waiter’s reply, they couldn’t help but chuckle. “This restaurant sure has lots of rules and regulations. We’re just trying to send a bottle of wine, yet they have to follow a whole procedure.” 
Clearly, those with less exposure tended to think less. Although Charlie and his companions were all alumni of a top college, they failed to realize that the waiter’s caution indicated how special Dalton’s 
Chapter 517 Sending Wine to Humiliate Wynter 
status was. 
After all, Dalton was the restaurant’s honored guest. Even the restaurant’s owner wouldn’t dare to disturb him during his meal, let alone send him a bottle of wine from an unknown stranger.
When the waiter conveyed Yvette’s request to his manager, his manager promptly dismissed it as absurd. 
However, the waiter voiced concern that Charlie might genuinely be Dalton’s future brother–in–law. 
After all, in a city like Kingbourne, it wouldn’t be uncommon for someone to be related to the Yarwood family. Moreover, the waiter doubted anyone would dare to impersonate Dalton Yarwood’s relative. 
The potential risk of offending Dalton if Charlie truly was his future brother–in–law made the manager reconsider. Thus, he decided to seek guidance from the restaurant owner. 
Meanwhile, in Dalton’s private room, Wolf savored his iced coke and meal. 
At the same time, Tobias received a notification from his show crew. They informed him that they needed to edit out some inappropriate scenes for airing purposes, necessitating retakes. 
Reluctant to leave the dinner halfway, Tobias hesitated. As a celebrity, privacy was scarce, especially during private moments. 
However, no media dared to photograph him when he dined with Dalton–except for one incident, which led to the accusation of career advancement through dining with senior executives.
###chapter518
Chapter 518 Insulting With Wine
Dalton praised him because he valued his business worth. Of course, it was also because Quinnell was
his last name.
“Wynter, I have to go to work.” Tobias seemed to be referring to something else as he continued, ” Celebrities have to listen to their bosses. My boss has tons of places he can make money at, but still, look
at how he enslaves us.”
Dalton knew Tobias was talking about him. “Tobias,” he informed with a faint smile, “focus on work. I’ll be
here to keep Wynter company.”
If Dalton wasn’t his boss, Tobias would have flipped the table.
Listening to the conversation between the two, Wynter suddenly asked, “Tobias, what are your upcoming
job duties?”
She had the nagging feeling that the actions taken during this extreme survival segment were neither the
end nor the beginning.
“Job duties?” Tobias repeated. He didn’t expect Wynter to ask him this.
After a pause, he said, “I will probably participate in another variety show. It hasn’t been officially announced yet. I’ll wait for the arrangement from my agent.”
“Alright.” Wynter toyed with her purple sugilite pendant. “Let me know once it’s arranged.”
“I will definitely let you know!” Tobias replied while glancing smugly at Dalton, seemingly implying thap Wynter cared about Tobias and not Dalton.
Dalton wiped his hands with a warm disinfectant towel after sipping his tea and smilingly informed, “I have a schedule of his assignments. I’ll send it to you when it’s ready.”
“That’s even better,” Wynter replied, flashing Dalton a smile.
Her clever fiancé always instantly understood what she was thinking.
Wynter did want to see all of Tobias‘ work assignments and gather some clues.
Tobias, on the other hand, never imagined Dalton would use his work schedule to ingratiate himself with
Wynter.
This was so infuriating!
His handsome face covered by a mask was dark with displeasure.
When Wolf noticed this, he raised his head and gestured with his hands.
While Tobias didn’t understand what Wolf was trying to say, Marie couldn’t help but laugh.
Chapter 518 Insulting With Wine
Toblas could only wonder if he was really Marle’s biological son.
The way Marie touched Wolf’s head was exactly the same as how she did with Tobias when he was a
Seeing this, Marie helped Tobias put on his hat and said, “You should go first. It’s inconvenient for us to follow you because of your identity. I’ll go to the company after I come back from your uncle’s place.”
Tobias didn’t want his mother to tire herself out, especially after what he had seen on the set.
Marie chuckled in response. “I want to work as an assistant to get an idea of what your w
need to get back into society after all these years of being out of touch with it.
work involves. I
“But it’s true that it won’t be necessary in the future. Everyone on the set knows who I am now. It’s not good for you if I just remain an assistant.
‘T’ll see if I can change my identity when I join the company.”
That was an interesting thing to say
In any case, no matter what identity she used, it definitely wouldn’t be “Mrs. Quinnell“. Marie was thinking
of using the “Whitman” name.
Dalton spoke up charismatically then. “Mrs. Quinnell, I’ll take care of the matter regarding your identity: won’t have anything to do with the Quinnells.”
Marie was getting more pleased with Dalton the more she got to know him.
Tobias, on the other hand, thought Dalton was playing both sides just like his grandfather had said.
Since his company was urging him to hurry up, Tobias didn’t stay any longer.
Little did he know, the wine was brought in as soon as he left.
###chapter519
Chapter 519 Showing off Wealth 
As such century–old restaurants adhered strictly to etiquette, the wine was personally delivered by the 
restaurant owner. 
He wasn’t exactly sure of the people in the Yarwood family. But, according to the family’s upbringing, the 
so–called “brother–in–law” from Charlie’s room should know that Dalton wouldn’t be able to drink alcohol 
at all due to his poor health. 
Why would they ask to have a bottle of red wine sent over? 
But this was a rare opportunity for the owner to see Dalton. After all, it was widely known in their circle that Dalton rarely dined out unless necessary. 
Lester Wurth, the restaurant’s owner, often met with the Winston and Scott families‘ sons. Even if they came, they would never dare to give Dalton alcohol. They would respectfully offer him tea instead. 
Sometimes, Dalton would simply ask for everyone’s understanding by telling them he hadn’t been feeling 
well. 
None of these sons from prestigious families would tell him no 
Lester felt something was off about this bottle of wine he was holding. Bus still, he wore a determined expression as if he would offend someone important if he didn’t send it over.
As he couldn’t make a decision, he had to come and deliver it himself. 
However, Lester didn’t plan on taking money for the wine, nor did he dare to let Dalton drink it. He didn 
even open it. 
Holding a wine opener, he approached Dalton with a smile and informed, “Mr. Yarwood, a group of students from Sacred Heart Medical University in the Dawn Room said this is from your brother–in– law.” 
When Lester said this, he deliberately glanced at Wynter. 
At first, Lester didn’t know who Wynter was. When he noticed Dalton’s attitude later, he was shocked. 
He never expected Dalton, who always kept his distance from others, to bring a woman and her parents to dinner and even call it a family banquet. 
Lester was clever, so he thought about it for a moment. 
For Dalton to hold a family banquet for her, and for her to be held in high regard by Dalton… 
Who else could Wynter be other than the Quinnell family’s seventh child? 
Before meeting her, Lester had heard Kingbourne’s rich heirs mentioning her. 
They said she was Fabian’s biological granddaughter who was brought back from the countryside. Not only was she greedy and short–sighted, she had an average appearance and a petty attitude. 
It seemed not all the gossip in their circle was entirely accurate. 
Lester found Wynter’s appearance and demeanor cool and elegant yet somewhat alluring. She looked at people while smiling playfully and lazily sat next to Dalton. 
Not only was she not overshadowed in the slightest, but Wynter and Dalton seemed to complement each 
other. 
Lester had hosted many wealthy women. Before this, he couldn’t think of any woman who could stand next to Dalton and match his noble and elegant bearing. 
However, he had an answer now. 
“Ms. Quinnell, considering Mr. Yarwood’s condition, will he be drinking today?” 
Wynter took the tea from her handsome fiancé and looked at Lester, seemingly questioning why Lester 
would ask her whether Dalton would be drinking. 
Hearing Lester’s question made Dalton smile. 
“You should indeed ask her,” Dalton commented. “I’m under her management now.” 
Shouldn’t he ask about the “brother–in–law” that Lester mentioned first? 
Wynter asked out loud, “You have a brother–in–law?” 
“Well…” Dalton tapped his long fingers on the table as he seemed to give it a good thought. “Maybe I do.” 
What kind of answer was that?
Dalton didn’t want to explain in detail to Wynter because there were elders present. 
Seeing this, Marie smiled even more deeply and looked to her side. 
“Wolf, I’m full. Would you like to join me for a walk to make all that food go down easier?” 
A walk? Wold lifted his face from the roasted mutton. He was also done with his meal. 
As eating more would make him appear impolite, he wiped his mouth with a napkin and looked toward 
the head chef. He pointed at his barbecue tools and the nearby takeaway box. 
He meant to say, “Could you please roast another mutton leg for me to take home?”
###chapter520
Chapter 520 Jealousy The head chef, who had never seen a child with such a big appetite before, turned to Lester in surprise. Seeing this, Wynter smilingly said, “Go ahead and roast one for him. He’s got a big appetite.” “One leg might not be enough.” Dalton fiddled with his scarlet rosary bracelet. “Wynter surely won’t feel at ease about Mrs. Quinnell going to Hawford alone. “Let Wolf accompany Mrs. Quinnell. He can bring along a mutton leg to eat on the way.” Wolf, with his r o u n d e y e s, turned to Dalton. Although he wanted to change his opinion of Dalton even just a little, he decided not to after staring at him for a while. Dalton still felt dangerous to him! Upon seeing this, Lester immediately instructed the head chef to get on with roasting the mutton. Wolf wasn’t picky. After he gathered up the donkey meat on the dining table, he boldly approached Marie. Since he was going to get hungry during the walk, he might as well eat while walking. Marie was truly fond of Wolf’s innocence. She smilingly took him away. Now that there were no elders around, Dalton’s demeanor changed. He loosened his collar with one hand while the other tousled Wynter’s hair, whispering in Wynter’s ear, have too many relatives, and I’m a sickly child. 
 “Grandpa has always worried about someone getting sick and passing it to me during Christmas. I usually only meet those relatives once. I can’t remember that many people.” “You can’t?” Wynter asked. She remembered vividly the equipment he had folded in his hands. How could someone with such an exceptional ability to remember faces forget others easily? Dalton leaned against her ear and let out a deep chuckle before confessing, “It sure is hard to fool my fiancée. “I do have a cousin who’s only 13, so I shouldn’t have a brother-in-law who I don’t know about. Besides, no one would dare bring me alcohol.” Dalton’s gaze swept over to Lester, his eyes dark and profound. 
He continued, “Whoever is doing this in the Yarwood family is practically trying to get themselves killed.” Lester’s hands trembled slightly at those words. Despite Dalton’s polite demeanor, there was an air of seriousness about him. Lester had actually seen Dalton deal with people before. Dalton was the type who would only think it was dirty to stain his hands with blood.” When Wynter noticed Lester’s trembling, she raised her eyebrows slightly, her gaze falling on Dalton. Was he really that terrifying? 2/2 She found him rather good-looking, except for the occasional overwhelming dark air that seemed to spill out from his body. Wynter unknowingly wanted to comfort Dalton, only to have him hold her hand in return. He had a smile lingering at the corners of his mouth as he mentioned, “In other words, the person who sent me the wine didn’t think things through.” Dalton generally didn’t openly talk much about matters. Plus, in front of Wynter, he always maintained at harmless, sickly image. He hadn’t thought about shedding his image. However, it was obvious that the culprit who mentioned a brother-in-law was aiming for the person next to him instead of Dalton himself. After all, no one dared to impersonate one of the Yarwood family’s relatives. Wynter also thought about this. After she looked at the bottle of wine, her eyes were slightly dim as she met Lester’s gaze. She politely asked, “Excuse me, did you or the sender choose this bottle of wine? It’s not a cheap one.” Lester was taken aback. “They only instructed us to send a bottle of wine over. They didn’t mention the price.” “They didn’t mention the price,” Wynter repeated. Smiling, she twirled her teacup. “Students from Sacred Heart Medical University. Brother-in-law.” 
Lester didn’t know that each repetition from Wynter was a point directly pointing to a person. He nodded and explained, “Yes, there were about eight or nine of them. Judging from their accent, they all seem to be from the southern region.” Hearing that, Wynter immediately knew who they were. Still, she didn’t know what exactly they were thinking. “Why would they give Dalton wine?” she asked. Clearly, Dalton understood this better than Wynter. His thin lips slowly curled into an unusually beautiful smile as he concluded, “They are probably trying to show off their wealth.”
###chapter521
Chapter 521 Milk the Other Party Dry 
“Show off their wealth?” Wynter glanced at the bottle of red wine, wondering what kind of logic it was to flaunt one’s wealth with wine. 
Seeing the disdainful expression on Wynter’s face, Dalton coultin’t hold back anymore and started to laugh as he leaned against her shoulder. 
Wynter genuinely didn’t understand what he found so amusing. She held his chin and tilted it up slightly, her beautiful eyes filled with confusion. 
“Please explain to me how much wealth can someone flaunt with a bottle of wine,” she said. 
At this moment, Lester wished he could become invincible. 
Although Wynter was the Quinnell family’s daughter, Lester thought no one would actually treat Dalton this way. 
In fact, it somehow felt like Dalton was the disaster–causing mistress who was kept in the 
harem. 
Lester shook his head, not wanting to get lost in his thoughts. 
As they were all men, Dalton understood what the other party’s intentions were. It was precisely because he understood that he had just shown his emotions in front of others. 
“The meaning behind them sending wine is simply, ‘Since you can’t even afford to open a bottle of wine, your brother–in–law has sent it to you.“” Dalton’s voice still carried a hint of amusement, but his eyes were cold.
Wynter raised an eyebrow at those words. “That’s it?” 
“That’s it.” Dalton chuckled softly, playing with Wynter’s hair as he sat there in a casual manner. “You’re still young. It’s normal that you don’t understand social nuances.” 
After saying that, he added, “And you don’t need to understand 
1. it. It’s just a pointless game. 
That “brother–in–law” probably wanted to remind a certain someone of his presence. 
How annoying. 
Dalton exerted considerable effort to suppress the surging hostility within him. 
He remembered what Margaret said about someone who always liked to run behind others since childhood while shouting out the name Charlie. 
With that in mind, Dalton’s knuckles suddenly tightened as he grew even more hostile. 
Wynter didn’t know why he suddenly became moody. She simply followed the line of thought he provided and understood what was going on. 
“So, they’re flaunting their wealth to you?” she asked. 
“Me?” Dalton was surprised. Not to mention Dalton’s surprise, even Lester thought it was surreal when he heard the wine sent by the other party was actually a flaunting of wealth to 
these two. 
One was Kingbourne’s unfathomable prince, while the other was the daughter of the richest person on the leaderboard.
And yet, these students from Sacred Heart Medical University were flaunting their wealth to the two of them? 
Lester’s only thought at the moment was that those students must be out of their minds. 
Wynter continued her analysis. “It’s well–known that I’m rich. After all, I’m a verified internet celebrity. But you… You have no status, yet you’re so good–looking. You could be the face of a shop.” 
“Face?” Dalton didn’t mind her description. He only lazily glanced over. “Now that you have someone who can be the face of a shop accompanying you, you should fix your taste.” 
At his words, Wynter raised her gaze and looked into his incredibly handsome eyes. She finally asked the question she had always wanted to ask, “Why do you always judge my taste? 
Dalton also looked at her. After a while, he uttered a name from his thin lips. “Charlie.” 
Wynter’s confusion was written all over her face before realization hit her. 
“I was a naive child!” 
But she wasn’t denying it. 
Dalton’s eyes grew colder. He fiddled with the rosary bracelet on his wrist, realizing there was indeed no need for the Shepherd family to exist. 
Suddenly, Wynter picked up the bottle of wine. 
“I’ll take the wine,” she announced. “Please, double or triple the price, and let the other party pay for it.” 
This bottle of wine wasn’t too expensive. It was only 100 thousand dollars or so.
###chapter522
Chapter 522 Humiliation 
The meaning of the wine did indeed have its significance, which was why Lester specifically 
chose this one. 
“Ms. Quinnell, this bottle of red wine symbolizes auspiciousness. It also has a smooth finish and is not too astringent. 
“Since it’s Mr. Yarwood’s first time bringing you here, I took the initiative to choose it. I don’t want this to be considered a gift from the other party, nor do I want to take your 
money. 
“With the two of you about to embark on a good journey, I thought I’d like to contribute to the celebration.” 
Despite what he said, Wynter knew he wasn’t trying to contribute anything; he wanted to be on good terms with Dalton. 
Lester sure knew his way around the business. 
At this point, Dalton stood up, his hand caressing the bottle of wine. 
“Mr. Wurth, you’re too polite. I’ll accept the wine. Wynter and I will be having an engagement banquet, so you must come.” 
“I’ll definitely be there!” Lester was excited. 
However, Dalton smilingly continued, “But it looks like my fiancée also wants to accept the wine from the other party, so could you please pick another bottle?
“The quality doesn’t matter, and it’s reasonable even if you double or triple the price. After all, you’re running a business, Mr. Wurth. Everyone else is your customer. 
“We won’t be drinking the wine, though. Please send it back to the other party and let them pay for it.” 
Lester instantly understood Dalton’s intention. “I’ll send it over right away!” he exclaimed. 
Century–old restaurants like this always had a couple of flagship wines. This time, Lester brought a bottle worth from 900 thousand to 1.5 million directly to the Dawn Room. 
It was only fitting for the owner himself to personally deliver such an expensive bottle of 
wine.- 
But mainly, Lester wanted to watch the show. After all, it was rare to see someone daring to flaunt their wealth to Dalton. 
Lester maintained his composure and politely knocked on the door. 
The atmosphere, previously lively with praise for Yvette’s prowess and Charlie’s charm, suddenly quieted down. 
“Red wine? We didn’t order any red wine.” Someone voiced their confusion. 
The manager continued to explain, “This is the restaurant owner. He knew distinguished guests were here antl rushed over to open the wine personally. It’s a rare event in our 
restaurant.” 
Charlie was also puzzled, wondering how he was suddenly being treated with such reverence by the restaurant’s manager.
Although the Shepherd family was relatively influential, they were insignificant in 
Kingbourne. They didn’t have any particular connections here. 
Charlie glanced at the prosperous–looking Lester and then at Yvette. 
Given that many people in Kingbourne knew Yvette as Dr. Yates, Yvette thought she was the “distinguished guest” the manager was referring to. 
She looked at Charlie and smiled shyly, saying, “Perhaps someone found out I was here and 
informed the owner.” 
Everything suddenly clicked for Charlie then. Even the other people at the alumni gathering. were looking at Yvette in a different light. 
It would make sense if the wine was for Yvette. After all, she had saved Clyde. Many influential figures in Kingbourne even often sent their cars to pick her up as an honored 
guest. 
“Yvette, you’re amazing! You’ve got the owner coming to personally open the wine for you!” 
Yvette smiled but didn’t say anything, enjoying the praise. 
Lester, too, remained quiet. But internally, he wondered who the hell Yvette was. He didn’t even know her and was only there to watch the show. 
He didn’t understand how these people had the audacity to flaunt wealth in front of Dalton. Did they really think they were all that just because the manager was showing them respect?
Of course, Lester wouldn’t voice these thoughts. Instead, following the restaurant’s protocol, he took the bottle of wine over and asked the people at the table, “But this wine is quite expensive, and the guests in the Dusk Room will not drink it. 
“Sir, would you like to take a look? I’ll open it for you if you want. 
He considered this a warning to these people.
###chapter523
Chapter 523 Open the Bottle 
As soon as Lester uttered those words, Andy spoke up. 
“How expensive can a bottle of wine be? It’s nothing for our school’s heartthrob.” 
He said those words to defend Charlie’s dignity, who couldn’t say anything against it. After all, he was leading the charge. 
The attention of everyone at the alumni gathering immediately shifted to Charlie when they heard that. As they had witnessed how wealthy Charlie’s background was and his lavish spending habits, they were especially looking forward to it today. 
They figured the wine personally delivered by the owner must be worth tens of thousands at the very least. 
They had never tasted such expensive wine before. 
Even though they were still students and had to 
mean they weren’t competitive. 
rely on their families financially, it didn’t 
Among the eight or nine people, two of them wanted to advise Charlie against it, They felt it wasn’t necessary for students, who were still dependent on their families, to drink such expensive wine. 
“How about we don’t open it?” one of the bespectacled women, Selena, asked in a quiet 
voice.
Yvette’s gaze 
fell 
upon her. 
The others chuckled somewhat mockingly. 
“Why are you such a scaredy–cat? No one’s asking you to split the bill. Charlie’s buying anyway. What are you so afraid of?” 
“It’s just that we’re all students, and we’re from the same hometown…” 
Selena had just started to speak when Charlie frowned, wondering who the hell brought such a lame bumpkin here. 
Sensing her displeasure, Gina looked speechless. 
“Here you go again with your spiel,” she complained. “Enough. Did you say we’re students, and it’s not right for us to come to a place where we have to spend a lot? 
“We’re only here for a meal, but you’ve been nagging all day. Is a few thousand dollars a lot? 
= 
“A meal costing a few thousand! I think that’s quite a lot of money,” Selena continued earnestly. “If we all had jobs and were earning a hundred thousand a month, I wouldn’t think twice about it. 
“But right now, we’re all living on our parents‘ money. I think we should live according to 
our means.”
The others chuckled at her words. 
“My goodness! You’re so old–fashioned and petty!” they echoed. 
The person who brought her here tugged at her, indicating for her to stop talking. 
Lester looked over in this atmosphere. 
Among these Sacred Heart Medical University students, only Selena seemed to have any sense even though everyone had the qualifications. The rest of them, Lester observed, were quite “interesting“. 
Living up to expectations, Charlie stood up to mediate. “It’s just a bottle of wine. It’s not worth arguing over.” 
With that, he glanced at Selena, appearing quite courteous. 
“I’ve been saying since we came in that this meal is on me. I just want everyone to be happy We’re all from the same place, and we’re alumni. Let’s not ruin the good vibe.” 
He seemed to be suggesting Selena was causing a disturbance. 
Selena remained silent. Her family owned a winery, so she knew quite a bit about wine. She also knew the story behind the wine Lester brought over was quite interesting. 
She never quite told these people her family’s background. 
At first, she thought they would all support each other in the future as they were all from Southdale. But now that she got to know them better, she realized what her grandfather said about the children from the Shepherd family having a good upbringing was completely 
wrong.
What a joke! If Charlie wanted to be a fool, she would let him! 
Charlie couldn’t possibly know what she was thinking. Right now, the only thought he had in mind was to kick Selena out of the alumni gathering. 
How did such a tacky and poor person even get in here? 
Lester, also getting annoyed, smiled and urged, “So, sir, are you sure you want to open it?” 
“Open it.” Charlie played the role of a noble gentleman and declared, “I’m in a good mood today! Let my classmates have a taste of the wine.” 
11 Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
###chapter524
Chapter 524 Tax 
With white gloves on, Lester once again let Charlie inspect the bottle of wine. Charlie took note of the details, such as the wine’s temperature, origin, and vintage, as well as the fact that it was unopened. 
Afterward, Lester took the corkscrew and skillfully removed the cork without dropping any wood shavings. 
To maintain the wine’s flavor, even the highball glasses were slightly chilled. The gold–trim decanter, too, had been treated. 
As half a bottle of red wine was poured in, the wine emitted a faint fragrance. 
These people had never drunk wine like this before. They had been to nightclubs where they ordered cocktails like they were tea. That also cost them almost ten thousand. 
However, they felt superior when they watched the owner and manager meticulously pour the wine for them and specially present it to them in luxurious highball glasses. 
“It’s all thanks to Charlie that we get to drink such good wine. Come on, let’s make a toast!” 
Andy was quite something. Even the restaurant manager wanted to laugh when he heard those words. 
Charlie theatrically swirled his highball glass, mentioning, “A toast is fine, but wine is meant to be savored. We should drink it slowly.” 
“Charlie knows best,” Gina said, nudging Yvette. “Yvette, I envy you so much!” 
Yvette smiled graciously. “It’s enough as long as a bottle of wine can make everyone happy. 
With that, except for Selena, everyone at the table stood up to toast Yvette and Charlie:
Everyone took a sip, but none of them noticed any difference. Still, Charlie continued to maintain his image by commenting, “It’s smooth. It’s not harsh at all. There’s also a hint of 
fruitiness.” 
Like, come on now. Could a wine from that origin not be harsh? 
Lester had been waiting for the next moment since he started standing here. 
“Because this bottle of wine is quite expensive, it needs to be paid separately.” 
Lester had the card reader and bill brought over. 
“Sir, please review the bill.” 
Lester, who ran a century–old establishment, never overlooked the courtesy of politely addressing his customers. 
Charlie was still basking in the crowd’s admiration when he took the bill with a smile. But within seconds, 
the amount on the bill made the smile freeze on his face. 
“1.71 
million? Million?” Charlie–tried to control himself. He never expected a bottle of wine to cost 1.7 million! 
Not 17 thousand, not 1170 thousand, but 1.7 million! 
As his hand clenched the bill, his face fell.
The rest of the people at the table also stopped what they were doing. Just a moment ago, they were all smiling. But now, their eyes widened as they looked at their highball glasses. 
This wine cost 1.7 million! 
“Is this wine really that expensive?” A startled voice rang out. 
Selena was the only one not holding a wine glass as she ate the mutton on her plate. 
Yvette also realized something was wrong. She glanced at Charlie, then looked toward Lester, with a slight smile. 
“Sir, did you accidentally add an extra zero to the bill? Look, there are other amounts here. 
“Oh, that’s the tax,” Lester patiently explained. “Ma’am, you may take a closer look. The total price, including tax, is 1.7 million.” 
Lester’s explanation only made matters worse, as Yvette’s face was now beet red. 
She had experienced a rebirth and learned many things others didn’t know. Upon her return, she quickly rose to prominence in Southdale by her own means, seeming to be superior to 
others. 
However, many people forgot she had lived in a village for many years. Her school ha
###chapter525
Chapter 525 Cheeks in Pain 
At this moment, her fists were clenched tightly as she stood there. 
Indeed, tobacco and alcohol had high taxes. Seeing the amount of tax on the bill made these students feel somewhat at a loss. 
But if anyone felt the most distressed, it was certainly Charlie. 
1.7 million for a bottle of wine? That was enough for him to buy a flashy new car! 
Charlie could never willingly pay that amount. The inside of his mouth sore from biting down, he looked toward his stunned roommate, gesturing for him to speak up. 
However, Andy’s eyes were unfocused, and he didn’t pick up on the cue. 
Charlie was now filled with resentment toward him. 
How could Andy have encouraged him earlier and now refuse to say a word, leaving Charlie as the scapegoat? 
The room fell silent. 
Lester prompted, “Sir?” 
As Charlie still refused to be embarrassed, he grabbed Lester’s sleeve and asked, “Why is the wine so expensive?” 
“Expensive?” Lester smiled. “Sir, didn’t you say it’s merely a bottle of wine?” 
Lester wasn’t loud, but his words were clear enough for everyone to hear.
Charlie was also annoyed by how Lester was embarrassing him. 
His expression turned ugly as he spat, “But you didn’t say it was this expensive!” Since the situation had escalated, Charlie no longer cared. 
Gina chimed in, “1.7 million for a bottle of wine? You’re trying to rob us!” 
His roommate also insisted, “Exactly! You’re clearly taking advantage of us because we’re just students!” 
Lester stopped smiling then. “Before opening the bottle, didn’t I remind you that this wine is quite pricey? I asked if you were sure you wanted to proceed.” 
“But you didn’t mention the price,” Gina huffed coldly. “This is a blatant scam!” 
This was Lester’s first time encountering this situation. He countered, “The brand’s price is 
listed on the wine list. I even let you see the origin and vintage just now.. 
“If it wasn’t for the fact that this wine is so expensive, why would I, the boss, personally come to open it for you?” 
“Aren’t you here because you want to suck up to Yvette-” Gina yelled, only for Lester to interrupt her. 
“Who’s Yvette? I don’t know anyone by that name. 
“I made it clear–you asked the restaurant to send a bottle of wine to the guests in the Dusk Room and even claimed to be their family. I’m only here because the guests asked me to return the wine.” 
Yvette’s face fell at those words. Everyone else was stunned, too. 
So, Lester wasn’t here because of Yvette. Now that they all thought about it, it didn’t seem
like Lester knew Yvette at all. 
But why did he keep quiet earlier? 
Not only was Yvette embarrassed, but they all felt like they had been slapped hard in the face. 
“Why didn’t you deny it earlier, then?” 
This question, once asked, only made Yvetter feel even more embarrassed. She wanted to stop it, but it was already too late. 
Lester shrugged. “You were just making assumptions. We’run a business here. It wouldn’t be right to expose everything, would it?” 
“You let us continue to misunderstand just because you didn’t want to tell the truth. The wine is too expensive. I’ll complain to the Federal Trade Commission that you’re ripping off 
customers!” 
It might be common for other tourist spots‘ restaurants to rip off customers. However, this was a century–old establishment that had existed since hundreds of years ago. 
They even had porcelain artifacts displayed on the first floor as cultural relics. The place might be small, but it had been passed down through several generations. 
There was no way they would deceive customers over a bottle of wine. How could they possibly overcharge customers when the taxes were paid openly and honestly? 
Lester’s eyes turned cold. “Sure. You should go ahead and file a police report too, drank without paying and caused a scene in my restaurant.
“In the future, don’t act all high and mighty if you can’t afford certain things.” 
since you 
It was absurd that these students wanted to flaunt their wealth to Dalton even though this was the level they were at!
###chapter526
Chapter 526 Holding Wynter Accountable 
Lester’s expression deeply wounded Yvette’s pride. 
!” Yvette didn’t want to further degrade herself over a bottle of wine. “It’s just a misunderstanding. Charlie, use your card.” 
As she looked at Charlie, her eyes carried other emotions. 
Since they were of a kind, he understood what she meant–if this escalated, it would only tarnish the Shepherd family’s reputation. 
If news about how the Shepherd family’s son couldn’t even afford a bottle of wine were to spread at school, any aspirations of entering Kingbourne’s elite circles would be shattered. 
meant. With his teeth clenched, he 
Charlie wasn’t blind, so he understood what sh instructed, “Bring me the card reader.” 
The restaurant manager then approached him. 
It was obvious how reluctant Charlie was by the way he held the card tightly. Nevertheless, 
he thought he could always ask his father for more later. 
“Excuse me, sir, your card doesn’t work. It seems there’s insufficient balance.‘ 
Insufficient balance? 
Those two words made Charlie turn pale as he choked out, “How’s that possible? 
He had at least five million on this card!
possible 
When Charlie tried again, he suddenly remembered Nelson mentioning something after the 
incident at Southdale. 
As they needed money urgently and had to use it to leverage relationships, Nelson had imposed a spending limit on him so that Charlie would save money. 
“Just take however much you can for now,” Charlie said through gritted teeth. 
Hearing that, the restaurant manager glanced at him and continued to swipe the card. 
In the end, Charlie had to use three cards and some online funds just to settle the bill. Now, he had no dignity left and was a joke in front of everyone. 
The meal became as unappetizing as if it were filled with needles. 
After collecting the money, Lester intended to report back to Dalton, but this group of 
students couldn’t sit still. They wanted to leave after finishing the wine in a few sips. 
Charlie, on the other hand, looked gloomy as if a storm were about to break. 
Worried that Charlie might hold a grudge against him for this incident, Andy began to shift 
the blame. 
“Charlie, the manager said it was the guests in the Dusk Room who didn’t want our wine. Isn’t that fake heiress deliberately messing with us?” 
“She? Does she even know the value of wine?” Someone sneered.
Charlie remembered how Wynter had embarrassed him at Southdale and now even more so. His eyes started to blaze with anger. 
Another person added fuel to the fire. “I bet she wants to make a scene here to get attention because she can’t stand how close you and Yvette are. 
“That boyfriend of hers is nothing but a gigolo. He probably isn’t happy with his own life, which is why he’s coming up with all these twisted ideas.” 
Yvette listened but kept her thoughts to herself while softly suggesting, “Charlie, perhaps we should apologize to Wynter. Things won’t get better if she keeps acting like this.” 
“Apologize?” 
Charlie’s anger had reached a boiling point as he had just lost 1.7 million for nothing. His expression turned cold. 
“I need to see her and ask her in front of her broke boyfriend why she has no shame.” 
Upon hearing that, Yvette called out for him not to go, but she didn’t try to stop him physically. 
The others also thought Wynter was messing with them. When they thought about reclaiming their dignity, they thought her gigolo boyfriend seemed like the perfect target. 
Selena didn’t join them. She felt these people were short–sighted and had lost their minds. 
Would someone who could afford to send such an expensive bottle of wine really be broke? According to what the restaurant manager implied, the ones he was showing respect to were the guests in the Dusk Room, not them!
Charlie had always been arrogant. He was confident the other party was penniless, especially since he hadn’t seen any luxury cars outside. 
What he didn’t know was that VIPS had designated parking spots. With that, the group recklessly headed toward the Dusk Room.
###chapter527
Chapter 527 Consequences 
Even if the Yarwood family’s bodyguards didn’t show themselves, they would have an expert hidden in the shadows. 
Before this group of people could even utter a word, Andy was knocked to the ground. 
The students were ti bit stunned, and there was a moment of confusion before the uproar 
began. 
Annoyed, Lester was about to kick them out when a cold, low voice slowly sounded. 
“Let them in.” 
With that, the bodyguards made way for them. 
At this moment, the group of students finally got a clear look at the man’s appearance. 
The man with extremely delicate features, a tall and slender figure, and deep black eyes sat in a mahogany chair. Although he was dressed in a shirt and trousers, he seemed to fit in perfectly in this environment. 
Even when he raised his gaze, there was a profoundness in his eyes as though he were a ruler from ancient times. 
He was elegant and outstanding. 
The most eye–catching thing was the scarlet rosary bracelet on his wrist, as it made him seem out of place in this era. Even the setting sun behind him seemed to be subdued by his
presence. 
There were some people whom one could tell were unattainable at first glance. This man was 
one of them. 
Not only that, the way Wynter sat next to him made the two of them look very intimate. 
With one arm casually draped over the back of Wynter’s chair, Dalton put on his usual relaxed and slightly sickly demeanor. He asked, “Is there anything I can help you with, ladies and gentlemen?” 
It took a while for the students from the alumni gathering to come back to their senses. 
It wasn’t their fault. They had only caught a glimpse of his hand when they were passing by earlier, so they had no idea what he looked like. 
They never imagined the fake heiress‘ boyfriend would be so outstanding in appearance and 
temperament! 
For some reason, they felt like they wanted to step back. 
But then, Andy yelled in anger and pain, “No shit! You made us open such an expensive bottle of wine! What the hell were you trying to do? Are you messing with us?” 
It wasn’t that Yvette had been waiting for others to speak first. She only reacted now because she had fallen into a daze while looking at Dalton. 
“It’s all a misunderstanding.” She tried to smooth things over. 
As she spoke, she looked at Wynter, pleading, “Wynter, did you perhaps misunderstand after seeing the wine? Was that why you sent it back to us?”
Yvette continued to speak with her eyes fixed on Dalton. If she had the chance, she would love nothing more than to flirt with him. However, there were too many people around for her to do it openly. 
Instead, she appeared teary–eyed and fragile, pleading, “Sir, could you please advise 
Wynter? If she’s really bothered by something, she can talk to me privately. Actually, I can give Wynter whatever she wants.” 
Upon hearing this, Dalton let out a chuckle. He didn’t even turn toward them as his fingers entwined in Wynter’s long hair. 
“Is this your sister from the Yates family? She’s pretty bitchy. How have you managed to put up with her?” 
With that one sentence, Yvette went completely still. 
Dalton continued, talking to Wynter, “You’ve never exposed these cheap seduction techniques of hers?” 
It was indeed embarrassing for the entire group from the alumni gathering. After all, Yvette was their muse! 
“What the fuck are you saying?” Charlie grew displeased. After all, Yvette was his girlfriend.” “You have no manners. Apologize to my girlfriend!” 
“Girlfriend?” Dalton raised an eyebrow. “Oh, so you’re Charlie.” 
“That’s right,” Charlie retorted coldly. “Since you’ve heard my name, you should also know the consequences for offending the Shepherd family!”
Ignoring his words, Dalton turned his attention back to Wynter with an inscrutable expression. His lips which were curved into a half–hearted smile were devoid of warmth. 
“You should have worn glasses to fix your short–sightedness when you were younger,” he 
commented.
###chapter528
Chapter 528 Yarwood 
“That’s my skeleton in the closet. Stop digging it up.” Wynter tapped his wrist. “He’s talking to you, so you better show some respect.” 
What Wynter wanted was simple–she wanted to get rid of Charlie quickly. The sight of his unpleasant– looking face was affecting her mood. 
Dalton seemed rather obedient as he languidly looked up. 
“I don’t know what consequences offending the Shepherd family will bring, but I do know what consequences the Shepherd family will face.” 
“What a joke. You’re just Wynter’s toyboy, and yet you dare brag!” one of the men shouted. 
Yvette also felt Dalton wasn’t worth much. A handsome face couldn’t put food on the table. Moreover, he dared to embarrass her! 
Wynter chuckled upon hearing the guy’s words. “Toyboy? You’re right, pal. With his face, he could easily fetch at least 100 thousand at a nightclub… No, make that 200 thousand.” 
Dalton allowed Wynter to banter, gently grabbing her hand that was patting his face. “I know you like my face, but will you let me handle this first?” 
Wynter nodded, never being this obedient before. This drama unfolding was getting more interesting. 
How could these people think Dalton was a kept man? Were they blind, or had their brain’s malfunctioned? How dumb did they have to be to have such a misconception?
“Alright.” Charlie was getting too impatient to continue arguing. “Since you think you’re all that, would you dare tell me your surname? I’ve never heard of anyone who would dare to do something to the Shepherds.” 
“Yarwood.” Dalton’s icy cold gaze swept over. 
When the word left his mouth, there was a loud thud as Selena, who had just joined the group, dropped her backpack. 
As she looked at the man in front of her, her eyes gradually went wide. She did think he looked familiar, but she wasn’t too sure. 
After all, although her family had collaborations with the Yarwood family, her father was the one who dealt with them. 
The Yarwood family was the first party, and they were the second party. 
All wineries would choose to cooperate with the Yarwood family. 
Selena had once seen from afar the Yarwood family’s legendary head. At that time, she was only amazed by how young he was, as it was something she couldn’t compare to. 
Now, she was almost certain that the man in front of her was none other than Kingbourne’s scion, the Yarwood family’s third son! 
Selena didn’t want her fellow classmates from the alumni gathering to suffer too much embarrassment. Although they had already embarrassed themselves plenty, they were still 
her classmates.
When she went to pull Charlie aside, Charlie surprisingly showed no gratitude at all. He just threw her a disdainful glance and uttered, “Move aside.” 
With a look of disdain, he pointed at Dalton and warned, “Just you wait. The Shepherd family will not let you off the hook!” 
“Then you better act quickly.” Dalton Yarwood’s smile was shallow as he leisurely played with his bracelet. “Who knows? By the time you step out of this door, the Shepherd family 
might not even exist anymore.” 
The other members of the alumni gathering had indeed never heard of the surname Yarwood“. They thought Dalton had gone way overboard with his bragging. 
“Seriously, you fake heiress,” someone spat at Wynter. “Finding a gigolo is one thing, but finding someone so ignorant that he’s talking about wiping out the Shepherd family? There’s a limit to how much one can dream!” 
Just as these words were said, Charlie’s phone rang in his pocket. 
At that moment, Yvette, looking at Dalton’s face, seemed to remember something, and her face turned pale. 
Surely, he wasn’t from the Yarwood family from Kingbourne. There was no one with the surname Yarwood in Southdale, but there was in Kingbourne! 
If Dalton turned out to be from the Yarwood family, they…. 
Yvette clenched her teeth, calling out, “Charlie!” 
Although she wanted Charlie to stop talking, the latter was completely unaware of what had
gone wrong.
###chapter529
Chapter 529 The Shepherd Family Is Finished 
He even complained to his father as soon as he saw the incoming call. 
“Dad! You must stand up for me this time. Someone is looking down on our family…” 
Before he could finish, a burst of angry yelling came from the other end of the call. 
“Where are you?” 
Charlie’s hand trembled. “Dad…” 
“Don’t call me that! I’m asking you for your location!” Nelson sounded like he was going 
mad. 
Charlie also sensed something was wrong. “I–I’m just at a pizzeria,” he stuttered. 
“You idiot!” Nelson clutched his chest. “How did I raise such a useless troublemaker like you? What have you done? The entire Shepherd family is finished!” 
His voice was so loud that even the students behind Charlie could hear. 
“Who the hell did you piss off? Tell me, you prodigal brat!” 
Nelson had also received countless sudden phone calls. All the shady dealings the Shepherd family had done over the years were being investigated. 
It all happened in an instant. The callers didn’t even give him a chance to find someone for, 
help.
Seals were directly placed on everything, from banks to hospitals, and everyone was demanding an explanation from him! 
And this was only the beginning. Next, he might very well end up in prison! 
The Shepherd family was finished! Completely and utterly finished! 
Nelson took a deep breath and tightened his grip on his phone. 
“It doesn’t matter who it is that you offended. I want you to get on your knees and apologize to them immediately. Beg for their forgiveness!” 
The scariest part was that up till now, Nelson, in Southdale, had no idea which force his son had offended. The Scott family hadn’t even dared to intervene to protect them. 
This was too bizarre! 
“Kneel and apologize?” Charlie’s eyes widened. “Dad, what are you talking about? That will 
never happen!” 
“Never, huh?” Nelson gritted his teeth. “Then watch our family fall apart!” 
With a bang, the call was disconnected. Nelson had no choice but to hang up, as officials from relevant departments had already arrived. His legs trembled with despair. 
Meanwhile, Charlie stared at the relaxed Dalton in front of him. He was holding his phone so tight his knuckles had turned white. 
He wanted to rush toward Dalton, but Yvette grabbed him and whispered in his ear, “He’s the guy from the Yarwood family!”
Some of the people from the gathering were still puzzled. 
But Charlie, as if he had heard some terrifying legend, trembled all over as he looked at Dalton. 
If he had been incredulous just moments ago, not understanding why his father would say such things, now he was drenched in cold sweat with fear. 
Was this really that guy from the Yarwood family? How was that even possible? 
That person never even left his home! Due to his health, he had always stayed at home. 
Even when all the renowned doctors in the city gathered at the estate, Dalton never showed up. How could he possibly be that impostor’s boyfriend? 
“There must be some mistake,” Charlie’s face drained of color as he murmured to himself. He can’t possibly be from the Yarwood family!” 
Andy, who didn’t understand what Charlie was talking about, tried to approach him. 
“Bro, what’s wrong with you? What’s this ‘Yarwood family‘ you’re talking about?” 
“They’re Sorzada City’s tyrant. They were once a noble household, and their lifestyle was the epitome of luxury. 
“All the landmarks you can name might have been the Yarwood family’s private estates in the past,” Selena explained with a sigh. 
She added, “If you don’t understand, you can look it up. The Yarwood family’s business empire spans the globe. Making the Shepherd family bankrupt would be child’s play for 
them.”
###chapter530
Chapter 530 Humbly Pleading 
Some of the other students were rendered speechless. “What do you mean? Is he…” 
“The Yarwood family’s financial power has never been accurately estimated to date. After all, they once donated antiques to museums worth billions on their own account.” 
After Selena finished her explanation, she looked at Dalton. “The Yarwood family’s third son, also Kingbourne’s scion.” 
Dalton did not deny his identity. It was precisely because he didn’t deny it that Charlie trembled even more violently. 
Charlie looked at Dalton, his lips trembling as he murmured, “Mr. Yarwood, I didn’t know it was you. If I had known, I wouldn’t dare to come even if I had 100 times more courage.” 
Suddenly, Charlie grabbed Andy. “It’s all a misunderstanding! It’s him! He’s been stirring up trouble all along!” 
+ 
He didn’t care about his dignity anymore. “Mr. Yarwood, please, considering the Shepherd family’s achievements in medical academia, spare the Shepherd family. This is just a misunderstanding!” 
“Was you sending wine over a misunderstanding?” Dalton’s gaze swept over, his deep eyes carrying a hint of coldness. “You may not know me, but I know you. 
He uttered a few words lightly, “You’re my fiancée’s ex.” 
Fiancée?
In an instant, everyone’s eyes turned to Wynter. 
Dalton smiled slowly. “Normally, an ex should be treated as if they were dead. But Mr. Shepherd, you keep insisting on appearing in front of my fiancée.” 
Dalton’s thin lips curved slightly as he continued, “Of course, that’s not the main point. After all, a wife with exceptional beauty is bound to receive the lingering affection from those who don’t know any better. 
“However, you have always publicly claimed that my fiancée keeps pursuing you because she can’t forget you.” 
Dalton flicked away nonexistent cigarette ash from his fingertips. “I’ve always wanted to find a chance to ask you as well as your friends something.” 
Dalton’s gaze swept around, his beautiful eyes deep and intimidating. “Compared to you, 
what am I lacking that’s making it so difficult for my fiancée to forget you?” 
Everyone’s breath stopped. That glance truly felt suffocating! 
“No, no!” Charlie couldn’t believe how things had escalated like this. “I can’t compare you at all. It’s me! It was my refusal to accept how things had turned out that led me to always tell people she couldn’t forget me. 
to 
“Mr. Yarwood, it’s my fault. It has nothing to do with my family. Please, can you forgive us?” Some students from the alumni gathering had never seen Charlie so humble before.
They knew he was always worshiped. If he showed disdain toward anyone, he didn’t even have to say a word for them to be shunned by others. 
But now, someone like him was actually pleading. 
There was no need to investigate further. They all knew the man in front of them was someone important. 
However, such a man turned out to be that fake heiress‘ boyfriend! No one would have ever thought of it! 
Dalton remained unruffled as he ignored what these people might be thinking. 
“The Shepherd family’s downfall is due to the family’s own misdeeds,” he stated. “You don’t need to beg me, Mr. Shepherd. Prepare to go to jail.”
###chapter531
Chapter 531 Your Girlfriend 
Upon hearing this, Charlie collapsed on the ground on the spot. 
After learning Dalton’s identity, no one dared to approach him anymore. 
Dalton reached out to take Wynter with him. Naturally, whatever happened next would be handled by the bodyguards. 
Watching him protect Wynter ignited a fire in Yvette’s heart. Jealousy and envy ultimately turned into deep–seated resentment. 
Why Wynter? Why did such an exceptional man belong to her? 
Yvette clenched her backpack’s strap, her gaze fixed on Dalton. She was close to biting a hole in her mouth, her eyes burning with intense resentment. 
A man like Dalton should belong to her instead. 
A man like Charlie who had that kind of background would be timid in the face of trouble. He was completely different from Dalton, who could overturn the entire Shepherd family with just one word. 
She had to find a way to catch his attention! 
Even though their first meeting didn’t go too well, she had a huge advantage that others didn’t have– she knew about his life and death! 
Yvette was thinking about how she could speak up when Gina couldn’t hold back anymore 
She didn’t understand what Dalton saw in that fake heiress.
It was precisely because she wasn’t sensible that she dared to play tricks on Dalton. 
“Sir, please wait a moment.” Gina adopted a top student’s mannerisms, thinking that such a demeanor would be appreciated by sons from wealthy families. “Before you stand up for your girlfriend, shouldn’t you first understand your girlfriend’s situation? 
“You probably aren’t aware that your girlfriend used to pursue Charlie. Everyone in Southdale knows about it. 
“Moreover, it’s said that your girlfriend has many sugar daddies picking her up at the street corner. She is a vocational school student who is only eager to climb the social ladder. 
“I must warn you beforehand so that you don’t end up getting cheated on by your girlfriend, 
sir.” 
Dalton, holding Wynter’s hand, stopped in his tracks, his deep eyes sweeping over in Gina’s direction. 
Gina raised her chin, deliberately trying to make herself look different from everyone else. 
She had definitely watched too many TV shows if she thought that she looked beautiful this 
way. 
To her shock, Dalton uttered some words that drained the blood from her face. 
“Inform Mr. Gold to prepare the lawsuit process. If people who spread rumors like this can graduate, I will make Sacred Heart Medical University take responsibility.” 
Dalton’s gaze remained indifferent‘ as he continued, “Also, look into her family’s address and inform her neighbors about her usual behavior.”
“Yes, sir,” the bodyguard replied respectfully, lowering his gaze. 
Gina was stunned for a moment before she realized Dalton wanted her ruined. 
If her school and family found out about her activities, she would be gossiped about for the rest of her life! 
“You can’t do this! The school will protect me! This is a violation of personal privacy!” Gina, who was stopped by the bodyguard, shouted. “This is a society governed by law! Do you think you are the law?” 
Dalton didn’t even give her a second look. “Punishing the rumor–monger is justified by law. As for the rest, you can see whether your school will protect you.” 
Everything was really going to happen as Dalton said. 
Gina’s face turned pale as if she were about to faint. She regretted her impulsive outburst. However, there was no room for regret in this world. 
Selena shook her head beside her. 
These people were all full of themselves but lacked hindsight. She had already hinted at Dalton’s identity, yet Gina still went ahead and got herself in trouble. 
As she was a woman as well, she knew what ideas Gina had in mind.
###chapter532
It was definitely caused by envy and jealousy toward that fake heiress from the Yates family, who found such a wonderful boyfriend. 
But was Gina not afraid of the consequences of spreading rumors like this? 
Selena didn’t know what the others were thinking, but right now, the only thought she had was to stay away from these people. 
Right before Dalton left, he warned, “I can’t stand anyone speaking ill of my fiancée. If there are still rumors going around, just wait for the lawyer to come knocking. I have all the time in the world to deal with you.” 
The folks in the alumni gathering dared not speak anymore. 
Yvette, who was deep–minded and calculating, also understood that today wasn’t the best time for her to reveal what she knew. 
Nothing good would happen if she stuck her neck out now. Dalton was no ordinary rich guy. He wouldn’t remember Yvette if she used a common trick on him. 
Regarding Gina’s fate, she only thought that Gina was stupid. 
But even so, her mind was in chaos. 
What was even more embarrassing was that Wynter didn’t even turn back to look at her, even though Yvette called out to her.
The restaurant even kicked them out after Dalton left. The customers coming in and out of, the establishment were all watching. 
Charlie, on the other hand, was on the ground like mud. He couldn’t‘ get up no matter how his friends tried to help him up. 
They simply chose to ignore him in the end. Charlie was nothing now that the Shepherd family had collapsed. 
According to Dalton, it seemed that the Shepherd family might have done something illegal. Everyone wanted to keep their distance from Charlie. 
After all, as students at Sacred Heart Medical University, they had boundless prospects. They didn’t need to ruin their futures over this. 
As Charlie saw through their intentions, he reached out to grab Andy. 
Bro, are you just going 
judicial department? Can’t you help me?” 
Andy shook off his hand, looking at him like he was the plague. 
“Do you even realize who you’ve offended? I’m no fool like Gina is. I just looked up the Yarwood family. 
“It’s one thing to show off in front of us, but to flaunt it in front of Mr. Yarwood? What are you trying to play at for asking for my help? Are you trying to drag my family down with you?” 
With that, he walked away. 
All that talk about how feelings ran deep between the alumni and mutual support among Southdale elites was just a facade.
In reality, they were just a group of opportunistic parasites. 
“Yvette, do you know nothing about Wynter’s boyfriend being Mr. Yarwood?” Someone started interrogating Yvette in a harsh tone. 
“You were the one who told us how she was clinging onto Charlie. You also said she had sponsors, and she got her money through illegitimate means. 
“You even insinuated that she was jealous of you taking everything from her. It seems like that’s not the case after all!” 
Yvette’s carefully crafted image over the past six months was completely shattered in an 
instant. 
“Mr. Yarwood was right about one thing. If she has such a powerful boyfriend; why would she be clinging to Charlie? What do you have that would make her jealous?” 
These questions left Yvette speechless. 
The alumni began to look down on her. It was just like when she first returned to the Yates, family in her past life. 
This couldn’t be happening. She couldn’t let things develop like this! 
Yvette could foresee this incident’s consequences. After returning to school, any discussion about it would shake her foundation. 
She had already lost her prestigious teacher and couldn’t afford to lose the school as well! 
“I–I heard all of it from Charlie,” Yvette blurted out as she decisively shifted the blame onto
Charlie.
###chapter533
Chapter 533 Yvette Remains Unchanged 
She said with tears in her eyes, “Just think about it. if I knew Wynter had such an impressive boyfriend, would I embarrass myself like this?” 
That statement, at least, was true. 
Seeing the others‘ expressions soften a bit, Yvette continued in a pitiful tone, “Don’t worry. I’ll talk to Wynter to clear up the misunderstanding. Grandma won’t let us sisters become enemies.‘ 
The crowd exchanged glances at those words. 
It wasn’t because they believed Yvette’s words, but because they suddenly realized that even though the two sisters weren’t biologically related, there was still family in between. 
If they offended Yvette, they would be the ones in trouble. 
Besides, Yvette did have some connections in Kingbourne. 
So, soon enough, someone apologized to Yvette. “Sorry, Yvette. We spoke too hastily. You should really talk to your grandmother and clear things up. 
“After all, you’re family. Now that Wynter has such a wonderful boyfriend, it’s best to resolve any misunderstandings sooner rather than later, for everyone’s sake.” 
“That’s right! It’s Mr. Yarwood we’re talking about here. He’s going to be your brother–in- law! How cool is that?” 
“You should explain things to Wynter properly. Tell her we were rude today, and invite her to join the gathering when she’s free. We can show her around Sacred Heart Medical University!”
“Yeah, yeah, bring Wynter along!” 
“I remember she’s been looking for a school recently. I can help!” 
It was just a chance encounter, but Yvette and Wynter instantly swapped positions. 
Back in Southdale, everyone looked down on Wynter and didn’t think much of her, while they praised and flattered Yvette. 
Now, Yvette had become a bridge. 
The embarrassment was so great that Yvette gritted her teeth but couldn’t show any displeasure. She had to smile and say, “Okay. I’ll let Wynter know after I talk to Grandma.” 
Chapter 533 Yvette Remains Unchanged 
Selena couldn’t bear to watch this farce any longer. 
How shameless was Yvette to still call Wynter her sister when Wynter made it clear from the start that she didn’t care about Yvette? Selena didn’t even bother to speak a word to anyone. 
Did they think Wynter acknowledged Yvette as her younger sister? Wynter didn’t even acknowledge Yvette’s existence! 
Dalton even directly called Yvette “bitchy“. Were these people selectively forgetful? 
Human nature could be quite complex sometimes. They couldn’t have possibly not seen Wynter’s attitude. 
Still, as long as Margaret was around, the two of them were still sisters.
If Wynter knew what these people were thinking, she would definitely scoff at their wishful thinking. 
But someone seemed to not be able to give up, asking, “Do you think Mr. Yarwood is.serious about her?” 
“If he’s protecting her like that and calling her his fiancée; he must be serious.” 
“Would a family like the Yarwoods let a country bumpkin marry into their family?” 
These so–called high achievers were quite amusing. They wanted to suck up to others yet didn’t want others to succeed. 
Yvette, on the other hand, knew how to read their minds. Biting her lip, she dropped hints. ” Don’t speak ill of Wynter like that. I’ll tell Grandma about their family situation what she thinks.” 
However, she wasn’t going to talk to Margaret. Theo was the one she wanted to talk to. 
She knew Theo was especially fond of Dalton. If her prophecy could save his life.. 
Yvette’s eyes lit up. From the beginning, she shouldn’t have focused her attention on Tobias. 
Moreover, as her classmates rightly pointed out, a family like the Yarwoods wouldn’t agree to let a woman from the countryside marry into their family. 
The more Yvette thought about it, the m
###chapter534
Chapter 534 Socialites Asserting Dominance 
As long as Margaret was in the picture, there was hope for her plan. She had already figured out what to do next. 
But what Yvette didn’t know was Wynter’s true identity. 
She fancied herself breaking into the Kingbourne circle, but in reality, whether it was the Winston family or the Scott family, they only saw her as a mere doctor. 
None of the socialites in those circles would truly associate or confide in her about the marriage alliance between the Yarwood and Quinnell families. 
As the Shepherd family’s downfall directly impacted the Scott family, the Scott family had been having a rough time lately. 
Peter’s hand that was gripping the cane trembled slightly. “Haven’t you figured out why Dalton Yarwood suddenly went after the Shepherd family?” 
Dad, you 
know that if we investigate now, it means that what the Shepherd family did is related to our family. We have no way of looking into things.” 
Peter looked at his once most outstanding eldest son. “Make a trip to Southdale and bring back good news!” he instructed. “Do you know how much you’re lagging behind.Lucas now? 
Han wanted to explain himself, but Peter interrupted him. “Make the necessary
arrangements. We can’t afford to let Nelson know too much. The most important thing is that the elders need enough children!” 
“Yes, Dad. Don’t worry. Even if the Shepherd family is no more, there are others at the pharmaceuticals.” 
“Now, go.” Peter’s eyes dimmed. “When the Quinnell family accepts the girl as one of their own this time, you need to be more careful. Do as the elders say. If you can meddle, do it.” 
“Accepting the girl as one of their own” was currently the most discussed topic in their 
circle. 
Everyone was guessing how the Quinnell family’s seventh child who came back from the boonies would embarrass herself during the banquet. 
Ella from the Winston family was the one who mocked Wynter the most. 
She couldn’t stand the fact that a bumpkin who wasn’t part of their circle and hadn’t even made a public appearance was causing such a stir. 
Fabian, too, must have been confused because of his old age. He actually booked the biggest hotel in Kingbourne! 
Not only that, he even hired a host of designers, claiming he wanted to give his little princess the best. 
“If only you knew how Mr. Quinnell Senior brags about that bumpkin to my grandfather. He keeps talking about how his little princess knows a lot of things. I almost threw up when I listened to him.” 
“A country bumpkin wants to compete with us! Does she not know where she stands?”
“I’ll be okay with it if it was Naomi. Why the bumpkin?” 
“Mr. Quinnell Senior likes to show off, doesn’t he? Let’s make it so that his precious granddaughter can fit into that gown of hers!” 
Kingbourne’s socialites decided to teach Wynter a lesson. 
Did she really think the designers would design for her just because she was the one who hired them? 
Apart from money, people could also get picky with the people they interact withi 
It wasn’t just about the clothes. It was about ruining the entire brand if the wearer lacked the temperament! 
As long as these socialites came together to boycott and contact the designers they were familiar with, they were confident that no one would dare design a gown for that bumpkin. 
Individually, none of them was the Quinnell family’s match. But when these young ladies came together and secretly talked to the designers, even Fabian couldn’t do anything to 
them. 
Moreover, they were those designers‘ longtime customers. 
The designers were clever and would surely understand the socialites‘ intentions and make the right choice. 
“Don’t worry, Naomi. We’ll stand up for you!” 
“That’s right! We will definitely put that country bumpkin in her place!”
On the surface, Naomi was still against it. “I don’t think that’s a good idea.” 
“We’re not doing anything wrong. Just sit back and watch the show!”
###chapter535
Chapter 535 Shunning Her 
Rather than saying that circles were important in Kingbourne, it was more accurate to say that this phenomenon was quite common and not limited to any particular region. 
Even for well–known celebrities, if they were not the brand ambassadors of certain high- end custom brands, they would still need their connections to borrow the brands‘ products. 
The bigger the brand, the better the designers, and the more demanding they were about the person who wore their clothes and jewelry. 
Not just anyone could get their hands on these items. 
In fact, to those who were truly wealthy, celebrities were just attractive “display shelves” for when they chose clothes and jewelry. 
Designers wouldn’t dare offend people like them. Then again, they also couldn’t refuse the Quinnell family directly. 
The response given to Alexis was either to participate in international shows or to work on high–end designs for others. Anyhow, they wouldn’t take the order, and they replied in a very polite manner. 
Alexis couldn’t find any fault with them. 
It wouldn’t have been a big deal if only one or two designers couldn’t agree to it. But all the designers in Kingbourne, Huntington included, said they couldn’t free up any time. 
Alexis wasn’t stupid. He knew there was a problem when such a situation arose. He immediately started networking to find out what was going on.
In the end, he found out the truth through his connections. 
The person seemed afraid of offending someone and lowered their voice, saying, “Alexis, we go way back, and we’re both just doing our jobs. I hope you don’t mind what I’m about to 
say.” 
Alexis, being the amiable person he was, kept smiling as he reassured his acquaintance, ” Rest assured. I won’t tell anyone else what we’ll talk about today. It’s only between us.” 
“That’s why everyone says you’re approachable.” 
That person cleared their throat before the sound of a door being closed could be heard. Here’s the thing. After your old customer, Ms. Quinnell, came to Kingbourne, did she visit those socialites?” 
Alexis understood almost instantly upon hearing that. Still, he smilingly explained, “Ms. Quinnell has been busy. There are a lot of things at work that she has to familiarize herself 
with.” 
“Alexis, we’ve known each other for years. I trust what you say, but as for other people…” 
He shook his head and continued, “An ugly duckling from the countryside has suddenly transformed into the Quinnell–family’s daughter. The business was even entrusted to her, 
“No one would believe that she is capable enough to handle that. As you can see, the rich ladies refuse to accept her. 
“It wouldn’t have mattered if only a few people were in on this. However, I’ve heard those ladies saying that whichever brand or designer who makes jewelry or dresses for Ms. Quinnell can look forward to making no sales next year.
“You’re a smart guy, so you know that’s what they mean even if they don’t say it outright. 
“No one dares to take orders related to Ms. Quinnell. After all, they have to think about their own future. 
“How about you tell Ms. Quinnell to give those ladies a call? It would only benefit Ms.. Quinnell if she got to know them privately first before the banquet. 
“They may not compare to the Quinnell family, but there’s strength in number, Alexis.” 
Alexis tried hard to maintain his composure as he listened to the words coming from the 
other end of the call. 
Of course, 
he wouldn’t blame the person who told him this information. He also knew his remark was made without malice, but rather an analysis based on the usual social rules in 
their circle. 
However, Alexis was dying to say that Wynter was a remarkable woman. 
It was the other ladies who knew nothing because they only knew how to indulge in pleasure!
###chapter536
Chapter 536 Alias 
Alexis was frustrated. He wanted to go to Fabian and figure out a solution as soon as the call ended. 
Just then, the door to his office was pushed open.” 
“Ms. Quinnell!” Alexis quickly turned off the speaker mode on his phone when he saw it was Wynter. 
Wynter had come alone, as Wolf had accompanied Marie to Hawford. 
Since she wanted to investigate something privately, she didn’t have Dalton go with her to the company. 
But before entering Alexis‘ office, she heard him talking about her on the phone. 
Wynter voluntarily stood at the door, not disturbing him until he had finished talking. 
It was only then that she pushed the door open and walked in. 
Not sure of how much she had heard, Alexis was about to explain when Wynter smilingly spoke first. 
“Alexis, you don’t need to tell Grandpa about this. His health suffered a lot last time. He shouldn’t get too agitated.” 
“But they’re so despicable!” Alexis, donning a smart–looking suit, still maintained his business–like demeanor even when angry. “They’re using such underhanded tactics to ostracize you. It’s seriously astounding!” 
Wynter’s gaze was indifferent. “It’s nothing,” she commented. “I’ll handle it myself.” 
She wasn’t the type to forgive people who took advantage of her.
Wynter was determined to find each and every one of the Kingbourne socialites led by Naomi who looked down on her and bullied her at every turn in her dreams at the family reunion banquet. 
However, ultimately, none of that mattered to her. These were just petty tricks, 
What she wanted to find out was who was stealing the Quinnell family’s fortune. 
Also, in the dream, she overheard two wealthy wives gossiping about Marie. Although Wynter didn’t see their faces in the dream, she remembered their faces. 
Instead of these petty nobodies, the two women were the ones she wanted to find. 
She shared her thoughts with Alexis. 
However, Alexis was still worried. 
“This won’t do, Ms. Quinnell. If you don’t have your gown and jewelry, they will only look down on you even more! 
“Furthermore, on the day of the banquet, Mr. Quinnell intends to announce to everyone that you will inherit the group in the future. Many business partners will be present. 
“The shareholders may be dissatisfied, but as long as Mr. Quinnell is there, they won’t be able to do anything. But we have to consider the business partners.” 
Alexis nudged his glasses up on his nose. “Even so, rest assured, Ms. Quinnell. I will definitely get you the things you need. 
“If necessary, the Yarwood family can help. Mr. Yarwood specifically came to me and said the Yarwood family’s connections are at your disposal as long as it concerns you.
“It’s easy to get my hands on a dress and jewelry.” Wynter’s gaze fell on one of the magazines he had picked. “I can design them myself. There’s no need to find someone else.“” Alexis paused for a moment. “You know how to design jewelry and dresses, Ms. Quinnell? 
“Yup. I dabbled in it because I used to have some unique tastes in aesthetics.” Wynter opened the magazine before her fingertips stopped on a luxurious gown. “This is one of my designs.” 
Alexis, who had been dealing with all kinds of people and situations for years, always managed to face people with a smile while keeping his composure. 
However, the corners of his lips froze slightly now. “B–But this is by the most famous independent designer in Frenda! 
“There are rumors that he is a local aristocrat because his entire style belongs. to the 19th century. 
Because it is bold and extravagant with a luxurious dark theme, people speculate that he must be a gentleman who loves cigars and magic books…” 
Wynter didn’t hide the truth from Alexis. “I chose a Frendese name to make it more convenient to take online orders. As for the rest…“
###chapter537
Chapter 537 Top Designer 
“You should understand, Alexis. Sometimes, a brand’s value is not in the brand itself, but in the story behind it.” 
Alexis was a seasoned professional in the high–level corporate world, so of course, he understood what Wynter meant. 
Wynter pointed at the crown. “All I did was slap on an overseas brand and jack up the price. I wasn’t even the one who told the story. The people handling my online orders love to weave these tales.” 
Alexis opened and closed his mouth a few times as he paced back and forth. 
“Ms. Quinnell, do you know how much of a sensation you are in the industry? I mean, your designs for dresses and jewelry are truly amazing! All the women in the circle compete to get their hands on your limited edition designs every year!” 
Although Alexis was a man, he was well aware of how legendary the name Lamar was in the field of jewelry and dress design. 
The dresses in Kingbourne weren’t bad. Fabian had ordered many last time, but it might not have been Lamar who personally made them. 
Lamar seldom made jewelry and accessories, but when she did, her work would be stunning. 
Because of that, Lamar’s presence represented the epitome of fashion trends. 
It was also the designers‘ greatest source of inspiration to more or less imitate Lamar’s style, 
However, imitation alone couldn’t capture her style’s essence.
Some said that Lamar’s jewelry, accessories, crowns, and gowns symbolized a mythical story, possibly from ancient Gyurees, ancient Ijed, or even Shumland civilization. 
Lamar’s unique style was the reason her brand was so captivating. Many women hoped to have jewelry made by Lamar herself. Fellow designers even worshiped Lamar! 
And yet, Wynter was now telling him that she was Lamar! 
Alexis sucked in a deep breath. It was a little hard to describe what he was feeling. 
If those troublemaking ladies in the circle knew about this, they would surely regret their 
actions. 
As Alexis raised his hand, the magazine slipped from his grasp and landed back on the table. 
Chapter 537 Top Designer 
Ms. Quinnel, does Mr. Quinnell know about your identity as Lamar?” he asked. 
Wynter poured herself a glass of water. “I haven’t told Grandpa. I saw how happy he was to spend money on clothes he had my studio make for me, so I didn’t want to be a wet blanket.” 
Alexis could only think this was a pretty decent excuse. 
“I’ll take care of the jewelry and dress.” Wynter added, “If Grandpa wants, I can also make him a cane inspired by a staff of power. 
“What about you, Alexis? What’s your style?” Wynter casually asked.
Alexis took a moment to respond. “Something more gentle?” 
“Alright. I’ll have someone bring over a measuring tape. I’ll take both your and Grandpa’s measurements.” 
Wynter spoke in a tone that sounded as if she could just cut a piece of cloth and turn it into a 
garment. 
However, she was indeed very efficient at this.” 
Alexis‘ state of mind was completely different now compared to when he answered the phone. 
He wanted so badly to tell his friend about Wynter’s identity as Lamar. But no, he had to 
hold himself back! 
He wanted everyone to regret it at the banquet! 
Before Wynter took his measurements, she asked Alexis many important questions! Most of them were about why Shane insisted on adopting Naomi and some details about Marie’s 
illness. 
After all, details could be perceived differently by everyone.
###chapter538
After all, Tobias was still young back then. There wasn’t much he could share with her. 
However, Alexis was different. He had been in the company for many years and would be privy to all the details of what had occurred. Even if he didn’t, he would have noticed any 
unusual events. 
As an outsider, he could offer an unbiased viewpoint, which was why Wynter decided to approach him first. 
“Nobody expected Mrs. Quinnell to, turn out the way she did.” Alexis sighed. “Mr. Quinnel and his father once had a fight because of this. 
“Mr. Quinnell Senior believed that those deeply wounded should immerse themselves in social activities and surround themselves with people. 
“However, Mr. Quinnell didn’t want Mrs. Quinnell to continually relieve those painful memories, and he feared she might hurt someone again.” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow at that. “Was it true that Mom hurt someone?” 
“Indeed.” 
Alexis‘ brows furrowed. “It happened at a banquet. It was a normal day as usual. 
“Even though Mrs. Quinnell was not in the best state, it was the first time she had harmed someone. She just suddenly grabbed a child and nearly stabbed them in the eye. 
Wynter’s gaze darkened slightly. “It just happened without any warning?”
“She seemed to have heard someone mention 
you. 
Alexis continued as he looked at Wynter, “Ever since you were abducted, Mrs. Quinnell never stopped looking for you. But from that day on, no one dared mention you in front of her again.” 
Wynter was deep in thought. 
Alexis didn’t usually speak so candidly. But, since he was speaking with the person he had acknowledged as the Quinnells‘ true heiress, he added his own speculations. 
“If you’re asking why Mr. Quinnell is so insistent on adopting Naomi, it actually has something to do with that incident. 
“It was truly peculiar. No one was able to stop Mrs. Quinnell except Naomi. She even ended 
up 
with a cut on her hand. It was because of her intervention that no lives were lost. 
‘Some say that she managed to stop Mrs. Quinnell because Mrs. Quinnell saw you in her. 
“There’s talk around that Naomi bore a striking resemblance to you, and indeed it is true. She did resemble you greatly from your younger days. 
“However, it just feels premeditated. Ms. Sevie, you should understand what I mean.
“Normally, a person’s features are defined as they grow older. However, she looks more like the innocent version of you.” 
Alexis‘ gaze shifted. “It’s all too coincidental. 
“I’m not too sure what happened next. Only Mr. Quinnell would know why he’s so insistent on adopting Naomi. The story he’s putting out is that it’s all for Mrs. Quinnell’s sake.” 
Wynter smirked at that. Playing with her purple sugilite pendant, she said, “From your tone, it seems like you don’t exactly hold my father in high regard. Aren’t you afraid I would tell on you?” 
“I know you don’t like him, Ms. Sevie.” Alexis respectfully served Wynter a cup of tea. “I’m the type to remain loyal to an employer I respect. I see no need in concealing what I know about matters you aren’t fond of.” 
Wynter appreciated his straightforwardness and went straight to the point. “In that case, I have another question for you. 
“Regarding the hotel’s layout. How much was my father involved? Did he really not know, about the basement? 
“Also, he was the only one who visited Grandpa before Grandpa’s condition deteriorated Did he not try anything then?”
###chapter539
Chapter 539 Divination 
Alexis stopped dead at that. “Ms. Sevie, are you suspecting Mr. Quinnell? Because that’s impossible!” 
Wynter glanced at him. 
Alexis adjusted his glasses. “Even though I’m on your side, from my understanding of your father, he would never harm Mr. Quinnell Senior no matter how much their views differ. 
“I’m not saying that Mr. Quinnell is a good person. He’s just a rather complex character. He’s not the type to harm his own father.” 
Wynter believed Alexis. 
However, Shane was the only one with the chance to poison Fabian among the Quinnells. Moreover, the poison took effect at a crucial moment. 
Wynter had suspected Naomi at first. After all, she had made several attempts to bring soup to Fabian. Now that she had conducted a thorough investigation, Wynter arrived at a different conclusion. 
Naomi never succeeded in delivering Fabian her soup. She would have known that if Fabian’s condition worsened after consuming her soup, she would become the prime suspect. 
Perhaps it was truly her way of displaying her loyalty to solidify her standing within the family. While there might have been other factors at play, it was unlikely that she administered the poison. 
The only person who had direct contact with Fabian was Shane. 
Alexis wasn’t privy to her thoughts and continued, “As for the hotel’s layout, dedicated staff oversee the work. I’m not familiar with the specifics, but in my personal opinion-”
Alexis paused briefly. 
“Mr. Quinnell would have some knowledge to an extent. While I don’t know how much he knows, it is possible that he was the one who arranged it that way to bring in good energy.” 
Alexis smiled. “Since you asked, you must have done your research. Mr. Quininelll and Mr. Quinnell Senior are polar opposites. Mr. Quinnell believes in divination.” 
“You’re trying to say that someone is influencing him.” Wynter looked up, her tone calm.” For example, he was told specifically that this layout brings good fortune.” 
Alexis put down his own cup of tea. “You’re a smart woman, Ms. Sevie. You guessed it right 
immediately.” 
“So, what if someone told him that he would have good fortune for the rest of his life if he adopted a daughter?” Wynter cut straight to the point. 
Alexis clearly never considered this possibility as his hands froze in mid–air. “Ms. Sevie, what do you need me to do?” 
Wynter could tell from Alexis‘-reaction that her hunch might be correct. This was exactly what Wynter was probing for. 
Divination could bring great fortune. It could also make people think shortcuts to fortune were possible. Some people get addicted to it, yet fail to realize that too much fortune could lead to their downfall. 
While taking a shortcut once might be acceptable, not everyone is worthy of consistently relying on shortcuts. They needed to take into consideration their ability and character. 
Otherwise, once they harbored ill intentions, it would lead to consequences that defied human nature.
Wynter had never understood why Shane was so insistent on adopting Naomi. After all, the paternity test had proved they were unrelated, which confirmed she was not his illegitimate- daughter. 
Logically speaking, even if he had grown fond of her over the years, there was no need to adopt her, especially now that his biological daughter had returned. 
Shane had no reason to upset Fabian over someone whom he was not related to by blood, either. It wouldn’t serve his interests in inheriting the company. 
After all, several talented individuals were still loyal to Fabian among the Quinnell Group 
Shane wasn’t someone who would act purely out of sentiment. Just like Alexis mentioned, Shane was a complex character. 
So, what exactly was it that could lead him to risk offending Fabian?
###chapter540
Chapter 540 Wynter’s Wit 
Someone must have influenced Shane behind the scenes, conditioning him to believe that by adopting Naomi, he wouldn’t need to be constantly on guard around the Quinnell family. 
Wynter was a fortune teller herself. Any true practitioner of the Arcane Way could tell Naomi lacked the ability to reverse one’s fate and fortune. 
Those who truly brought fortune to their family and others would at least have great energy surrounding them. 
For example, Wynter’s handsome fiancé was a rare individual capable of bestowing immense fortune. 
Such individuals were typically easily recognizable, and the auspiciousness they brought with them would often lead to their downfall. 
Naomi, however, didn’t possess any of those traits and harbored many secrets. 
With that line of thought, Wynter rose from her seat and said, “Aside from Mr. Novak, I – want to know who my father contacts frequently, especially among those who believe in 
divination practices. 
“Most importantly, I want to know how the Quinnells came across those individuals while they were searching for me, and how they came to select Naomi from that group. 
“From what I’ve gathered, Grandpa has supported many individuals throughout his life. Some were underprivileged children from rural areas, while others were college students Naomi doesn’t fit into either category.
“Trace her upbringing and look into the circumstances surrounding her introduction. Just who brought her before my father? 
“If even her adoption was pre–planned, then we might be able to find some leads on my kidnapping. After all, she wouldn’t have had the opportunity to be adopted by the Quinnells if I had been around. 
“Mom wasn’t sick then. With her personality, she never would have agreed to adopt a daughter to feed Shane’s ambition. She would have thought he was insane. 
“It would explain everything and prove that my kidnapping wasn’t purely coincidental.” 
Alexis‘ expression shifted dramatically after hearing Wynter’s deduction. His typically gentle features turned cold. 
“If that’s indeed the case, Mr. Quinnell would be equally responsible for your abduction.” 
Shane must have led the kidnappers to believe they had an opening, prompting them to resort to such methods. 
“Naomi would certainly know something!” Alexis exclaimed. 
Wynter set down her purple sugilite pendant and commented impassively, “She wouldn’t tell even if she knew. 
“Let’s observe quietly for now. That is the only way we could have a chance at exposing the mastermind behind all this. 
“I’ve looked into it. All of the staff involved in setting up the banquet during the incident years ago have left Kingbourne, including the hotel’s manager. 
“Noami is our only lead left. We can’t lose her.”
Wynter shifted her gaze. “The mastermind behind all this is no ordinary person. It won’t be someone easy to catch. 
“Naomi would definitely notice if you start investigating her, but you’ll be able to 
investigate my father without raising suspicion. 
“As for Darrell, I’ll be investigating him myself.” 
Wynter then reminded Alexis, “Be sure to leave out certain details of our conversation when you report to Grandpa later. I don’t want him to get upset.” 
Fabian had worked hard for many years and was getting older. Getting sick over Shane wasn’t worth it. 
There was someone else Wynter wanted to look into among the Quinnells. This was the person who yielded everything to Fabian during the shareholders‘ meeting. 
While Wynter hadn’t officially met him, she could tell from her conversations with Fabian that he trusted this man very much. 
As one of the family’s younger members, she would need to get to know him better before she passed judgment on him. 
After all, she was still uncertain about the specific role he played within this family.
###chapter541
Chapter 541 No Dress to Wear Tomorrow The twins’ and resentful infant’s appearance also proved that a medium was at work in this situation. Wynter had met Darrell and could tell he lacked the power to stir up such a storm. However, he showed proficiency in spells. It seemed like Wynter would have to make a trip to Mt. Dragon and figure out who among them were experts in the Arcane Way. Meanwhile, somewhere within the Quinnell residence, Fabian was playing chess with a man. That man was older than Fabian and had graying hair. He wore a rosary bracelet around his wrist. “How can you still have such a temper at your age? Can’t you be more reasonable? He’s still your son, after all.” “Please, I don’t want a son like him.” Fabian took a sip of his tea. “Now that Sevie is back, I’m not even going to bother with him any longer. As long as he doesn’t go around adopting random people, he can do whatever he wants.” The man chuckled as he shook his head. “You’re just saying that out of anger.” 
“I’m not.” Fabian continued proudly, “You have no idea how capable Sevie is. I’m going to announce during the family reunion banquet that I’m handing over the company to her.” That man didn’t appear surprised. “A few shareholders have already guessed it when you sent out the invitation.” “When the time comes, you’ll need to stand by my side.” Fabian grinned. “Just like the old days.”. The man shrugged. “As an outsider, my words hold little weight in these matters.” “Some board members still value your opinion, brother.” The man smiled faintly. “I’ll give it a try. But are you really going to let Sevie manage the company? She’s still young. Will she be able to handle it?” “You don’t have to worry about that. Sevie will definitely impress those shareholders.” The man set down his chess piece and sighed heavily. “That’s not the only thing I’m worried about. There are murmurs circulating within our social circle. 
“If those of her generation refuse to accept her, we elders can hardly intervene. And it seems they’ve already begun to take action. “Announcing her takeover at the family reunion banquet is perhaps too hasty. I’m worried that a few of our business partners might get ideas.” While Fabian’s temper flared at that, he didn’t plan on confronting anyone. He wasn’t someone with just a Chapter 541 No Dress to Wear Tomorrow quick temper seeing that he built such a large conglomerate. He picked up a black chess piece and said, “I’ve already considered your concerns, but you should understand the Quinnells will make our own decisions in matters like these.” As Fabian made his move on the chess board, he made up his mind to secure Wynter a worry-free future. If he was honest, his decision was made with slightly selfish motives. If Sevie really wasn’t cut out for it, he wouldn’t have made plans this early. He trusted in Wynter’s capabilities, believing she would bring major changes to the Quinnell Group. Others might not have noticed, but Fabian was well aware the Quinnell Group had reached a bottleneck. And the way Wynter worked would bring new life into the Quinnell Corporation. The man didn’t continue once he recognized that there was no use persuading Fabian any further. Amidst the lingering scent of tea, the outcome of their chess match became increasingly evident. In a well-known art district in Kingbourne, several wealthy young women were browsing through an art exhibition, casually pointing at pieces they liked. One of them chuckled. “My stylist has already gotten everything sorted out on my end. How about you guys?” “Don’t worry, she won’t have a dress to wear tomorrow.”
###chapter542
Chapter 542 Occupying Her Possessions “Who would dare go against Wendy’s words? The Quinnells may be wealthy, but we’re no slouches, either. Did they really think we’re going to fawn over a random country bumpkin? Please.” “Alright, let’s drop it. Talking about her will only sour our mood. My grandfather might be getting seni l e. He keeps insisting that we must maintain ties with the Quinnells because of her six brothers.” “Everyone knows the six Quinnell brothers don’t get involved in their family matters. Not to mention, other than Tobias, the other five brothers dote on Naomi. They won’t accept that country bumpkin.” Naomi caught wind of their conversation as she approached. She stopped in her tracks so the person with her would not hear their conversation. She deliberately took a step back, seemingly to accommodate the art exhibition’s owner, and said with a smile, “Winnie, thank you for building those connections for me. I wouldn’t know what to do otherwise. “I’ll make preparations today in hopes that I’ll be able to attend the banquet with my six brothers. My friends are still gossiping away inside. It’s best we not join them.” The art exhibition owner was a successful businesswoman in the arts named Winnie Yeaton. 
She was shy of 40 years old, with fair skin and a dignified appearance. She matched her pure white cotton dress with head accessories that gave off a strong artistic vibe. Anyone could tell that she was an extraordinary individual at first glance. “Young people nowadays…” Winne chuckled as she shook her head. “You’ve bought quite a lot of designs. “Now you’re also asking me to help you connect with the designers from Frenda for a custom-made designer dress, am I right?” Naomi leaned closer to her. “You know me best, Winnie. I’ve wanted that dress for a long time now but never had the chance.” “I’ve got it for you. Even though it wasn’t personally designed by their top designer, it was still based on 
their sketch.” Winnie was a woman of taste, as evident from her jewelry. “I’ll have someone send it to the Quinnell residence.” Naomi was genuinely surprised. “I don’t know how to thank you enough, Winnie. You’ve been helping me secure these dresses all these years.” “And matching jewelry,” Winnie ended with a beaming smile. “It’s nothing, really. You’re Marie’s daughter. “Back when Marie was still pregnant, she mentioned that if she had a daughter, she was going to dress her up beautifully. Who else am I supposed to help if not you?” Winnie grinned and added, “If it weren’t for Marie’s support, I wouldn’t be where I am today. “By the way, I’ve just returned to the country and been meaning to ask you. How has Marie been doing? I Chapter 542 Occupying Her Possessione heard from Shane that she’s getting better. Can she have visitors yet?” 2/2 Naomi tightened her fists. Taking a deep breath, she said, “Winnie, there’s something I’ve been wanting to tell you. They found Mom’s biological daughter. I’m… I’m in a bit of a tricky situation right now.” Naomi brought it up since she knew Winnie would find out eventually once she returned to the country. She knew it was best for Winnie to hear it from her to at least maintain their relationship. But Winnie was stunned. “What did you say? They found Sevie?” “That’s right.” Naomi’s heart sank at her reaction. Why was everyone blindly favoring that s t u p i d bumpkin? Winnie’s joy was palpable, bordering on agitation. “Where is she? Has she met Marie? Marie would be ecstatic. She’s been waiting for so long!” Then Winnie stopped herself, suddenly realizing something. “Ah, I’m sorry, Naomi. I didn’t mean to… I was just-” Enjoy Ad-Free Reading>>
###chapter543
Chapter 543 A Suspicious Medicinal Aroma “I understand. I’m happy that Sevie is back, too.” Naomi flashed a perfect smile. “The family reunion banquet is tomorrow. Grandpa must not know you’ve returned, otherwise he would have sent you an invitation.” Winnie tapped her forehead, her emerald ring’s gleam catching the light. “The Quinnells did send me a letter. But I just returned home and haven’t had the chance to open it yet. I thought it was Shane that-” Winnie cleared her throat. “I’ll look for it again when I get back.” “You’re still holding a grudge against my dad,” Naomi remarked. “It’s been hard for him too, and it’s all because of me. No one really understands him.” Winnie clearly didn’t want to talk about Shane. “I just envy anyone who captures Marie’s heart.” Naomi chuckled softly. Lowering her gaze, she appeared concerned. “Winnie, there’s something I’m not 
sure if I should mention.” “You can tell me anything,” Winnie said as she smoothed out Naomi’s hair. Naomi bit her lips. “I’m afraid I might sound like I’m stirring up trouble. I’m just worried Sevie’s return is going to affect Mom’s condition. “While she was getting treated abroad, the doctors advised against anything that might upset her for the time being. Anything related to the past could trigger her painful memories. “Logically speaking, Mom should get better with Sevie’s return.” Naomi paused before shaking her head. “But the doctors told me it’s been too long, so it’s hard to say. They’re worried it might cause further harm. After all, we have no idea how much Sevie has changed.” Naomi was searching Winnie’s expression as she talked, and evidently, Winnie didn’t believe her fully. However, she had planted the seeds of doubt and just had to wait for them to sprout. “Winnie, it’ll be great if you could attend the banquet tomorrow and look out for us.” Naomi put on an aggrieved smile.” Grandpa probably didn’t invite me because of my identity. My appearance will upset
him. “Fortunately, Mom won’t be attending, either. I’m really worried the situation will repeat itself with her there.” Her words resonated with Winnie on a personal level. After Marie’s incident back then, their entire social circle was shaken. Winnie had watched Marie, the person she admired the most, lose her mind right before her eyes. She hadn’t been able to calm her down no matter how hard she tried, all because of one name. Winnie couldn’t quite articulate how she currently felt. After thinking about it, she said, “I really should go and have a look.” “I’ll feel at ease with you there.” Naomi continued bitterly, “Grandpa already sees me as an enemy. Dad Chapter 543 A Suspicious Medicinal Aroma has also upset Grandpa because of me. 2/2 “I’ve been waiting for an opportunity to explain things to Grandpa. I’m not trying to take away his love for Sevie. I’m just really concerned.” Winnie patted her head. “You’re a good kid. We’ve all seen how you’ve treated Marie. It’s just that the elders tend to hold blood ties in higher regard. So, try to empathize with your grandfather a little more.” “I will.” Naomi knew when to stop. She then took out a sandalwood amulet. “Winnie, I got this sandalwood amulet for you. It doesn’t cost much, but it’ll keep you safe.” The amulet emitted a pleasant fragrance. Its scent was indescribable, reminiscent of incense and herbs, enticing one to take another whiff.
###chapter544
Chapter 544 Targetting Her Brothers Winnie liked its smell. “You brought me another amulet? You’re always so thoughtful, Naomi.” All of Winnie’s doubts cleared away in that instant. “Mr. Quinnell Senior was too much. How could he prevent you from attending the banquet? “While Sevie is his biological granddaughter, you’ve also sacrificed a lot for the family.” “I’m fine, Winnie.” Naomi smiled. There was a slight malicious glint in her eyes as she lowered her gaze. Let me put it on for you.” Winnie nodded with a smile. “I don’t know why, but none of the perfumes I’ve bought overseas can compare to the medicinal aromas your amulets give off. They’re always missing something.” “You’re always busy with work and don’t get good sleep. This scent can help calm your nerves.” As Naomi spoke, the malice in her smile grew more pronounced. Winnie didn’t notice at all. She appeared slightly addicted to the sandalwood amulet’s scent. Naomi hadn’t planned on going that strong with the medicinal aroma. After all, anyone who inhaled it for too long would lose their minds easily. She just didn’t want to lose the connections she had painstakingly 
built. If only everyone exhibited the same susceptibility as that group by the door. A little medicinal aroma was all that was needed to manipulate them at will. Recently, there have been many unexpected incidents in Naomi’s plans. She couldn’t understand why Austin and Logan had left the group chat. Back then, Austin had been the most protective of her. He always stood up for her no matter what she said. While she never gained full control of Logan due to his constitution, his brother Chad’s unrequited love
for her ensured Logan never opposed her openly, either. Naomi initially hoped Logan’s departure from the group chat was merely coincidental. However, when Austin followed suit with a cryptic comment before leaving, Naomi couldn’t shake the feeling that events were unfolding without her knowledge. The sense of unease made her increase the medicinal incense’s potency. In reality, the best approach would be to use it on Fabian. The malicious glint in her eyes grew stronger at the thought of it. She muttered silently, “It’s true that people grow more suspicious as they age.” Over the years, Fabian had never opposed her openly. He had only prevented her from being adopted but still provided her with all the resources she needed. That was why she didn’t pay much attention to him. He was unlike Tobias whom she had to specially deal with. Chapter 44 Targeting Her Brother She had assumed Fabian was just like Shane-soft-hearted, driven by familial bonds, and easily swayed with the right approach. She didn’t expect Fabian to play her with her own game. He had never made a move before Sevie’s return but had his son relinquish his rights to the company as soon as she returned. Naomi clenched the medicinal incense sachet tightly. Her father could not fail. The better he fared, the better she could secure her position as the Quinnells’ heiress. She had met the six Quinnell brothers before, but all of them seemed to keep their distance from her. Only Albert seemed approachable, while Tobias was her stumbling block. As for the rest of the brothers… Naomi looked up toward the end of the gallery. She needed to find a way to manipulate them. 
The Quinnells have accumulated good karma over generations, making it difficult for the medicinal incense to take effect. Moreover, the brothers had a strong state of mind and wouldn’t succumb easily to the medicinal aroma’s influence. Otherwise, she wouldn’t be in such a predicament. “Naomi. What are you thinking about?” Wendy nudged her. “I’ve been trying to get your attention for quite some time now.” “Ah, I’m sorry, Wendy. I’ve been a little distracted lately.” “It must be because of the Quinnell family.” Wendy was upset. “Mr. Quinnell Senior is heartless. You’ve been with the Quinnells for so many years, and he didn’t even send you an invitation!”
###chapter545
Chapter 545 Dalton Is Courting Wynter Naomi held Wendy’s hand. “Wendy, let’s not talk about it anymore.” “Why not? I’ve never seen this happen before.” Wendy was indignant. “Don’t worry, even if he doesn’t invite you, we’ll take you inside. Mr. Quinnell won’t let you be bullied, either. “Besides, if you don’t go, you won’t be able to watch the show.” “That’s right, Naomi. You have to go. You need to show her she can’t ever compare to you!” “They don’t know what kind of a woman she is. Now that she doesn’t have a dress to wear, it’ll be hilarious if she orders one from Temu in haste,” The young ladies burst into another round of laughter. Naomi repeated that it wasn’t good to laugh at others like that, but she didn’t have any intention of stopping them. She needed to gather their energy as that was the only way to generate medical incense of better quality. 
She glanced at their hair accessories, feeling considerably more at ease. Wendy was still chatting away. “I’ve asked Logan about the thing you wanted to know.” “What did he say?” Naomi looked at her, looking anxious. Wendy noticed. “Naomi, aren’t you a little too nervous? Logan just plays around a lot. Grandpa Clyde got angry at Logan because of the situation with the Scotts. “Logan and Mason are close, but Logan didn’t help them out this time. Because of that, the business partnership between the two families has been postponed. Grandpa Clyde is very unhappy.” “Logan left the group because of that?” Something felt off to Naomi. “That’s what he said. He said he was in a bad mood. You know how devoted he is to Grandpa Clyde. If only you showed this level of concern for Chad, you’d have been part of our family by now.” “Wendy, you know I only have eyes for one person.” Naomi looked her straight in the eye and added, “Just like you.” Wendy blushed as she remembered that elegant and charming man. “Indeed, no one can compare to
him. “Yeah, so I’m actually quite jealous of Wynter.” Naomi instigated, “We’ve been around him for so long, yet he might not even recognize us. But the moment Wynter returns, she’s presented to him as his fiancé. “Wendy, are my thoughts wrong?” Wendy seemed to grow angry. “What do you mean wrong? Your feelings for the Yarwoods are sincere. Even I’d admit I can’t compare to you. I would’ve accepted it if I lost to you, but Wynter’s just a country bumpkin. Chapter 545 Dalton Is Counting Wynter 2/2 “She’s just taking advantage of a broken promise made from their childhood.” Wendy’s disdain was evident. “How could she be worthy of someone as pure as him?” “But I heard he’s courting Sevie.” It was obvious who they were referring to. Wendy snickered. “That’s ridiculous gossip. You know how unreliable the rumors in our circle are. Only some of them are true. “The Quinnells must have deliberately leaked the news to save that bumpkin’s dignity. I’ve also looked into it. The earliest source of this news came from Ronan. “Even though he’s from a reputable family and has a good standing in the antique circle, deep down, he owes a lot to Mr. Quinnell Senior. Of course, he’s inclined toward the Quinnell family.” Wendy thought she was smart. She continued, “Think about it, Naomi. Does he look like someone who will court a woman? The Quinnells are using him.” Wendy glanced at the painting beside her. “But it’s better that way. I’ve saved all the information I found. I’ll thoroughly humiliate that country bumpkin at the banquet! “They can spread rumors to elevate her status, but spreading news that Dalton is courting her? The Quinnells are so far gone that they’re willing to sacrifice their dignity.” 
Wendy was full of resentment. “I’m not only going to ruin her reputation in Kingbourne. I want her to remember not to covet anything that’s not hers!”
###chapter546
Chapter 546 The Quinnell Brothers Wynter, who was still thinking of ways to confront her enemies at the upcoming family reunion banquet, never thought dresses and jewelry were a big deal. At their mansion, she had someone set up a sewing machine. As for the jewelry, someone had sent her a dozen gift boxes that she had yet to open. They probably weren’t cheap, either. Contemplating the style of her dress, Wynter realized it had been ages since she last held a pencil for design. While the last design she casually made had garnered lavish praise, Wynter didn’t like it. She found it overly ornate. Meanwhile, Fabian was still angry as he sat in the courtyard. “Those young ladies have resorted to such deceitful tactics. How could they stoop so low?” Margaret checked his pulse. “Fabian, since Wynter has assured us she can handle it, you needn’t get so worked up. Your health can’t afford such agitation.” Even though those were her words, Margaret was equally concerned. 
Having worked in Kingbourne, she understood the ruthless dynamics among young ladies. They were at times worse than adults. It could get so bad that it even ruined lives. Margaret cast a worried glance at Wynter, who was still choosing among the fabric, feeling somewhat uneasy. Those who were attending the banquet were influential people. If they decided to conspire against Wynter, would she be able to handle it? Margaret pondered for a moment before asking, “Wynter, have you heard from your brothers?” “Tobias will be there.” Wynter smiled. “Elliot should also be able to make it. Why do you ask, Grandma?” Margaret looked at Wynter as she combed her hair. “I just wanted to make sure someone has your back. I was worried that you’d be alone and powerless. You need to have someone backing you in a family like 
the Quinnells. “In such a circle, not everyone who brings you out to socialize has good intentions. Always remember that. Before your brothers arrive, you need to be on guard.” Margaret whispered, “I’m not asking you to be a bad person, but you’ll need to be able to tell the good people from the bad. Those who wish to harm you won’t necessarily act directly.” “Don’t worry, Grandma. I understand.” Wynter put away her phone, her gaze deepening. Margaret was right. In her dreams, she couldn’t distinguish between her friends and enemies. After attending the banquet, every scion hailing from those prestigious families mocked her behind her back. Even though Naomi appeared to be helping Wynter, her actions in reality were akin to bringing along a clown and making people think less of Wynter. Chapter 546 The Quinnell Brothers 2/2 Margaret patted her hand. “I’m glad you understand. Also, I’ve thought it over. It won’t be appropriate for me to attend tomorrow’s event. “Wynter, listen to me. While the Yates did raise you, they have also been overly harsh with you. If people notice me at an event like that, they’d use my name to pressure the Quinnells into helping them. “In that situation, should the Quinnells give in?” Margaret understood everything. “No matter what decision the Quinnells make, you’ll be the one being talked about. I have a disappointment of a son, and I don’t want him to bring you trouble,” Margaret finished with reddish eyes. Wynter was smart and immediately guessed what was going on. “Grandma, did he come to see you again?” “No, he didn’t.” Margaret avoided Wynter’s gaze. Wynter noticed Margaret’s expression and was deep in thought. “We’ll go with your decision. You don’t have to attend if you don’t want to. It’s just a banquet anyway.” Margaret relaxed at that since Ewan had been extremely persistent. After finding out that she lived in
this mansion, he had been asking about Wynter.
###chapter547
Chapter 547 The Special Unit Margaret was going to make sure Ewan never found out that Wynter’s birth family was… She knew that he would try something if he did. He would definitely have no shame and demand compensation from the Quinnells for raising Wynter. Margaret was fully aware her son was not a decent person and didn’t want Wynter to get involved with him again. Unfortunately, someone already had a plan brewing. After Naomi left the art exhibition, the first person she contacted was the Yates. Through Fiona’s past connections, she had no trouble finding Ewan. However, she wasn’t able to reveal herself to him. When Ewan first received the strange text message, he hadn’t thought much of it. It was only after the second message that he took the bait. “I heard you’ve been searching for your adoptive daughter. What if I told you that she’s now made it big? She’s moved to Kingbourne alone and is planning on abandoning the Yates. What would you do?” Ewan’s expression changed as he replied, “Who are you? Where is she?” “That’s not important. Loox Hotel. Tomorrow. 5 p.m. You’re sure to meet her there.” Ewan wasn’t initially interested in finding that brat. It was only when Yvette mentioned he should contact 
Margaret that he found out Wynter was wealthy. He couldn’t believe she bought Margaret a mansion. This gave the greedy Ewan an idea. Since Yvette had mentioned to keep an eye on Winter’s activities, he would go and see what was up. Naomi knew she had successfully baited Ewan from his response. She was eager to witness how Fabian was supposed to hand Wynter the company during the banquet once everyone learned about her treatment of her adoptive parents. 
Meanwhile, Wynter was engrossed in her designs. After Margaret left, Wynter sent out a message. “Locate Ewan and find out what he’s been up to commotion on the Special Network. recently.” One sentence from her stirred up a huge “Boss, you’ve finally shown up! Krypto and I have been waiting for your orders.” “Yeah, Boss. How can you only bring Wolf with you? We want to join you, too.” “There have been a lot of problems in Kingbourne recently. The higher-ups have been pushing us to locate you as soon as possible. “We never mentioned you’re already in Kingbourne. It’s just that the Scotts don’t know any better and keep insisting on having you investigated. We’ve managed to divert them every time.” Chapter 547 The Special Unit 2/2 Wynter looked at all the messages popping up and replied to one, “Go and ask what the problem is. If you can’t solve it, you can consult Mr. Stavius. He’s currently in Kingbourne as well.” “We dare not to meet that national expert. The last time he saw me, he Special Unit?” abnormal. If I was normal, would I have been on the o got med, saying I was The one speaking was a young educator. He was clearly different from the others and had an earpiece on. He seemed to be on an undercover mission. “Krypto, focus on your work. Your target is a that he put down his drink. to come out!” It was only when Krypto was called out Wynter heard the commotion and figured out what the Work hard. I’ll fight for your bonuses.” they were up to. She sent them a voice message. 
П They didn’t care about bonuses or rewards. They just wanted their boss to return Someone was afraid Wynter would hang up to their team sooner. Not knowing when they would be able to talk to her again, they quickly added, “Boss, about the thing you asked us to investigate last time, someone is indeed trading babies.” Chapter 548 The Whitmans
###chapter548
Chapter 548 The Whitmans “The number is quite large. But the higher-ups didn’t notice it or issue any instructions. Th strange.” Wynter raised her eyebrow when she heard that. 1/2 “Boss, do we need to investigate further?” She turned solemnly as she recalled what Leo had said previously. “No, don’t do anything. Give me the details. I’ll look them over. Remember, don’t get involved in the hospital’s affairs.” The person who could seriously injure Leo possessed undeniable power. Wynter didn’t want to risk her people’s lives. She suspected that someone was plotting a large scheme. The Quinnells weren’t the only ones to fall into the trap. She wondered what else the other party desired 
besides the Quinnells’ fortune. Wynter hadn’t figured it out yet. After all, the other party managed to hide their identities. The Special Unit operated independently of the system. Even the Top Unit couldn’t issue them any orders because all the cases it handled were unusual. In a bustling city, there were both visible and invisible evils. The invisible ones were related to spirits or heresy. What the Special Unit had to deal with were those unclear cases. Cleaning up was critical to keeping ordinary people from discovering the existence of spirits. If any spirit slipped away, it would cause an accident. However, even such a team couldn’t find out the real culprit behind the trafficking. It drew Wynter’s attention. She planned to check it out after the family reunion banquet. As for Ewan, she didn’t send him to jail with Wanda because he was Margaret’s only son. Regardless of how far Yvette went, Wynter never left her with no way out. She didn’t care about them,
but she knew Margaret did. Margaret would be the s a d d e st if anything happened to them. They had received the consequences they deserved. But if they still wanted to cause trouble and target her, she wouldn’t mind leaving them with no way out. Wynter put her phone away when she noticed Fabian performing Shumland exercises in the yard. Inspiration for designs struck her instantly. Her designs had always been more palatial and had a style from the 19th century. Some of the cuts also referenced popular trends at the time. This time, she could try on clothing featuring Shumland elements. Since she was going to do it, she would make a couple more sets. She had been back for a long time and had yet to give her family anything. She could offer them the outfits she designed as gifts. So, she began selecting fabrics, sketching, cutting, and sewing them in one go. Chapter 548 The Whitmans 2/2 In Hawford, the Whitmans’ villa was near Summergrove Mansion and had a historic appearance. It was said that any house in Hawford that was put up for auction would cost more than 100 million. The atmosphere here was completely different from Kingbourne. The Whitmans’ villa looked a little empty, but every vase inside might be antique. Many meetings were conducted here back then, showing that the Whitmans were more than only a wealthy family. Until now, nobody believed that Marie had recovered. Everyone, even the butler, Crispin Sutton, assumed she merely recalled the Whitmans’ goodwill and wished to return to see her family. All experiences brought lessons. Marie had made her brothers sad back then. They had a serious argument at that time. Even if she accidentally scratched her brother’s arm, she didn’t pay much attention to it. All she could think about was Shane and causing trouble for her family. Crispin sighed as he thought about it.
###chapter549
Chapter 549 Family Reunion Banquet Marie’s brothers weren’t present. They appeared to be avoiding her on purpose or were unsure how to face her, which made her sad. Even if she understood it was her fault and not her brothers’, she would still be upset. But since she was here, she must clear up the misunderstanding. That was the courage Wynter gave her before she came. Tobias’ incident taught her that some misunderstandings, particularly those among close family members, must be rectified over time. Otherwise, she would regret it for the rest of her life. Her sisters-in-law were present, but they had no idea how much Marie had recovered. They weren’t sure if she’d ask them to accept a strange girl as their niece again, as she had done before. So, neither of them dared to speak. After all, their relationship had grown alienated. Their husbands cared deeply about her. However, her previous actions made the Whitman family a joke. 
Of course, they’d have some complaints in their hearts. Marie knew she wouldn’t be able to see her brothers today. So, she set down her cup and took the initiative to start the conversation. “I’ve always owed you all an apology. Noah’s advancement slowed because of my willfulness back then. Some people even targeted him. and “Thank goodness there was no danger and I didn’t bring the Whitmans too much trouble. “I was very ill back then. I didn’t mean to say such harsh words. I hope to see Noah and Taylor and explain to them properly.” After she stated that, the other two exchanged glances and responded, “Marie, we’re a family. You
don’t have to blame yourself.” Marie realized she wouldn’t be able to resolve the misunderstanding for a while, so she made a quick decision and asked Taylor’s wife, Emily Dixon, to leave them a note. “Emily, please tell them I’ll wait for them with Sevie in Kingbourne.” Emily abruptly raised her head. “Sevie? You found Sevie?” Marie nodded. “Time is running out. I have to rush back now. It was all my fault. “After I got sick, I always misunderstood Noah and Taylor when they were dissatisfied with Shane. I even told them to stay out of my business.” Emily pulled her back and said, “You can’t take all the blame. They’re also at fault. They forgot you were sick and didn’t talk to you properly.” “Emily, my naivete has caused a lot of problems for me. Sevie’s situation isn’t going well in the Quinnells.” Chapter 549 Family Reunion Banquel 2/2 Marie looked at Emily. “I’m her mother, I must go back. I’ve hurt Noah and Taylor, but Sevie will make them happy. Please ask them to come visit Sevie.” Emily’s eyes reddened. “You know Taylor dotes on you the most. For many years, he has mentioned you frequently… He has never blamed you, only himself. Don’t worry. We’ll go to Kingbourne, too!” Night flights were the least crowded. There were very few people at the airport at night. After all, the epidemic had just passed. Marie was on her way to Kingbourne. Similarly, Sebastian was in a rush. They had only one thought-they couldn’t let Sevie confront the Quinnells’ complicated connections alone. Nobody knew Sebastian was coming back. The so-called socialites in Kingbourne hadn’t heard anything about it. 
Meanwhile, Wynter didn’t sleep until 4:00 am. She had prepared the clothes and hung them all up in the closet. But she hadn’t just made clothes for herself. There were other surprises, too. The next day, the Quinnells’ banquet was about to begin at Loox Hotel.
###chapter550
Chapter 550 Her Brothers Come To Protect Her The banquet was grand. Almost all the well-known media folks came. Heirs from the pres. ious families in Kingbourne arrived one after another. After all, Fabian was the one who sent them the invitations. Though major prestigious families had the chance to overtake the Quinnells while facing Shane, they weren’t as good as Fabian in his heyday. They still hadn’t figured out some of the Quinnells’ connections. So, they all knew they couldn’t offend Fabian. Their etiquette was flawless as they came to congratulate them. As for the media folks present, some were only curious about the Quinnells’ heiress’ appearance, while some received special invitations from socialites interested in watching Wynter embarrass herself. After Tobias learned about that, he mobilized all his resources. He was naturally able to afford high-end luxury accessories. No designer would be stup i d enough to reject any limited-edition outfit he wanted, given that the brands and jewels he endorsed were always top- 
notch. Soon, Tobías took the styling team to the mansion. He had never used his connections in the entertainment circle. But to help Wynter, he allowed his assistant to know about his family for the first time. The elderly in the alley had never seen such a big scene. The old lady who delivered fruit to Wynter recognized Tobias and pointed at him. “I think I saw you on TV “Many people say I look like a celebrity,” he said calmly. “Maybe I can be a stunt double someday.” Right then, Alexis arrived with his bodyguards. He couldn’t help but chuckle when he heard Tobias’ words. 
“Who’s coming?” Fabian asked as he was still having lunch. He originally planned to dine in the hotel, but the homemade meal was so delicious that he chose to stay. He was sipping wine and eating meat stew. Tobias came to the door and saw this scene, thinking Fabian didn’t look like a chairman who would attend a banquet. Fabian also noticed him and snorted coldly. “Why did you dye your hair? Come in.” The assistant had no idea who Tobias was going to meet. When he saw Fabian, he nearly dropped the outfits in his hands. It was Quinnell Group’s chairman, Fabian Quinnell! Most people were aware of Fabian’s previous commercial successes. Chapter 550 Her Brothers Come To Protect Her 2/2 In the room, the assistant stared at Tobias before moving on to Fabian. Grandpa, stop drinking, or you won’t be able to give a speech later.” Tobias didn’t want to get beaten. It would seriously hurt if he was hit by Fabian’s cane, so he added, “I’ll go find Wynter!” To his surprise, the designer came out not long after he entered Wynter’s room. He looked at Tobias with surprise. “Tobias! Why didn’t you tell me you knew Lamar? She didn’t need our help! She’s a big shot! “I just chatted with her. She said if you agree, I can have her number! That’s Lamar! Oh my g o d, I didn’t expect to see Lamar in Shumland! She never shows up in public!” The designer was thrilled. When Tobias entered, Wynter held a silver thread, saying, “Tobias, the second set is yours. Go put it on.” The second set? He was in a daze and couldn’t believe it. “Wynter, did you make all these?” 
“Are you doubting Lamar’s craftsmanship?” The designer looked at her with admiration. “She made several sets in one night. She stated that a family should wear the same style.” Tobias was dazzled by the outfit in front of him.
###chapter551
Chapter 551 Belittling Wynter 1/2 Wynter didn’t need his help at all. However, when Tobias found out the outfit in front of him was made by Wynter, he felt moved. The designer exclaimed, “I can imagine the uproar later when you all appear at the banquet. Lamar has never designed in this style. It looks great!” Alexis had already arranged for two vehicles and contacted Elliot. It was approaching 4:00 pm. The guests were arriving at the banquet one after another. Naomi appeared with Shane. She donned a high-end fluffy white gauze dress with a pearl hairpin in her long hair. She had fair skin and exquisite makeup, resembling a princess. In front of the media, Shane still maintained his image as a gentle president, as if the previous hotel incident had been a misunderstanding. 
“Mr. Quinnell, everyone is curious about your real daughter. Is there anything you’d like to tell us?” a bold reporter asked straightforwardly. He chuckled. “I’m happy, of course. G o d bless the Quinnells. We finally found Sevie.” “What about the impact on Ms. Naomi?” the reporter asked while observing Naomi’s reaction. “After all, everyone thought you were the Quinnells’ real daughter for many years.” She seemed sincere. “I have had a good life thanks to the Quinnells’ support. There are many poor children like me. I’m undoubtedly the luckiest one. My parents have been kind to me throughout my childhood. “I never considered taking the title of the Quinnells’ daughter. And I believe Sevie will also be kind to me!” Naomi appeared innocent. “I’m looking forward to her return, Dad couldn’t sleep all night since he was overjoyed when he heard her news.” 
She smiled sweetly as she added, “It was the same for me. I’m glad to have a sister.” Shane listened to her answer with satisfaction. He smiled slightly and said, “Alright, let’s go inside first.” As long as their conversation was broadcast, Fabian would have no choice but to agree to let Shane adopt Naomi. Shane wanted this effect. So, he had arranged for his people to be among the media. Wendy was already waiting inside the venue. When she saw Naomi come in, she immediately approached her. “Did Mr. Quinnell get you that necklace? He still dotes on you so much. “That necklace is Lamar’s most well-known exclusive design, which debuted the previous year. I’ve been Chapter 551 Belittling Wynter trying to purchase it for a long time but haven’t gotten it. Gosh, I envy you!” Everyone surrounded Naomi as if she were the protagonist in the banquet. to Shane had only thought about increasing her ve his reputation. He never con sponsee Naomi would steal the show at a family reunion banquet prepared for Wynter. How horrible would that be for Wynter? Wynter’s dreams were all traceable. red the Why did the family reunion banquet cause her to become Kingbourne’s joke? Why didn’t anyone think highly of her? Why did the media dare to report nonsense and show no respect for her? Shane’s actions contributed significantly to the situation. He appeared to have made it clear to the public and acquiesced to the situation. Despite having his biological daughter back, he had brought Naomi to the scene. Everyone in this circle made decisions based on circumstances.
###chapter552
Chapter 552 She Is Coming Several socialites swirled their wine glasses and clinked them together as if they had already figured out how to embarrass Wynter later on. Bullying existed everywhere. The bullies never believed there was anything wrong with them. Some CEOS wouldn’t use those blatant and low-end means, though. They only asked Shane, “Where are your sons?” “That’s right, Shane. I’ve heard that Sebastian is well-known among Hawford Legal Elites. He handles famous non-litigation cases and has extensive experience in foreign courts.” Faced with such a question, Shane responded lightly, “It’s not a big deal. Dad made the banquet too high profile. They are also busy, so they don’t need to rush back today.” His attitude seemed to be suggesting something. The business partners were here to inquire about details. After all, they would choose their partner based on the Quinnells’ family bond. 
Shane appeared to be implying that his six sons didn’t care about their sister. Of course, that was their speculation. They had to wait until they met “Ms. Sevie” before they could come to a conclusion. But the truth was that Shane didn’t realize Sebastian had already arrived at the hotel. He came back from an early morning flight. It was 4:00 am when he landed in Kingbourne. When he returned to the Quinnell residence, he was surprised to find that his family wasn’t there. Even the shrewd Alexis wasn’t there. At the same time, the Quinnell residence gave him a different feeling, as if it was much brighter. He felt 
relaxed from the moment he walked in. The butler, Phil Moore, smiled and said, “Mr. Sebastian, these fish are Ms. Sevie’s. She asked us to open the skylight to brighten the house. “She also brought the Evercrest Gems, which seem to ensure good fortune. She’s good.” Phil rarely praised others. Sebastian was pleased to hear that. “Wynter knows so much.” “Of course. Don’t underestimate Ms. Sevie.” Phil patted his leg. “When she noticed that I wasn’t walking well, she treated me with only some needles. She’s kind to us like you.” Sebastian had long heard of Wynter’s abilities. He wasn’t like the others. As a lawyer, he always had his ways of looking for someone. Moreover, with that idiot Tobias around, he could find information about Wynter by following the clues. Elliot was right. She was better than they had imagined. Chapter 552 She Is Coming 2/2 As her brother, Sebastian had never felt so indebted and proud. That was why he rushed back to meet Wynter today, but he hadn’t expected her to be absent. Phil added, “Mr. Quinnell Senior no longer lives here. He’s been living with Ms. Sevie outside. Since his family wasn’t in the huge Quinnell ce, Sebastian, who had been busy for the days simply took his suitcase and checked into a hotel. He wanted to be fully prepared. When he arrived at the banquet, he realized something was wrong with the media and the group of socialites downstairs. What did they take the Quinnells for? Regardless of the outsiders, his foolish father shouldn’t use them to belittle Wynter. Sebastian could already imagine how they would treat her if he weren’t there for the banquet due to his hectic schedule. 
Just when he was about to head downstairs and teach those people a lesson, he heard a cry of surprise in the distance.
###chapter553
Chapter 553 Stunning Everyone The cries rang out like bomb blasts in the venue. It piqued many people’s interest, including some business partners. They set down their wine glasses and looked curiously toward the entrance. Tobins! It’s Tobias!” Do you mean the Quinnells sixth scion? We last saw him a year ago. He’s even more handsome now!” It’s Elliot’ He’s back too! “Elliot? Who’s that?” “The Quinnells fifth scion! His identity has been a mystery. No one can figure out his background!” “Why is he back?” “It’s beyond my expectations! The Quinnells didn’t release any news about this at all!” “Mr. Quinnell Senior is so good at hiding it. I think Mr. Quinnell doesn’t know about it, either.” 
Some people looked at Shane. After all, he just said the banquet was trivial and unworthy of his sons’ return. Unexpectedly, Tobias and even Elliot, dubbed the King of Special Forces, traveled thousands of miles to attend the banquet. As their father, Shane was completely unaware of that. What an embarrassment. Many individuals were already obsessed with Tobias’ and Elliot’s looks. Not only do their features differ, but so do their temperaments. Tobias had short blue hair and an enhanced silver-white outfit. He was tall and handsome, resembling a half-blood prince. The t a s s e l s on his shoulders matched him well. There was also Shumland silk wrapped around his waist. They wondered who the outfit’s designer was. 
Elliot’s clothes were even more unique. He looked like a warlord from the Victorian era. He wore gold chain glasses, which didn’t seem out of place because his face fit the outfit perfectly. The well-tailored trousers made him appear taller and straighter, cool and noble. When he looked at others, his eyes seemed affectionate, yet they were also cold and distant. As the guests marveled at them, Elliot bent down and opened the car door gentlemanly. *Oh my G o d ! Who is he opening the door for?” They knew the answer the next second. A girl wearing black high heels got out of the car. Her slender legs were half-covered by the dress, which was attractive Then, everyone heard the bell ringing. Numerous spotlights were turned on at the same time. The reporters waiting outside were shocked. They couldn’t describe how it felt to see Wynter since she was so gorgeous. It was her facial features or temperament, she was different from all of Kingbourne’s socialites. She appeared cold and charming, and the tear mole at the corner of her eye seemed alluring. But she didn’t appear to care about anything. Her smile was slightly sweet. Her facial features were beautiful, and she looked perfect in her dress. That wasn’t a common dress design. It was pure black. If they looked closely, they could see the pure silver line on it, which seemed to outline a galaxy and complemented the silver bell on her ankle. Her hairstyle was also unique. It was a wolf cut wrapped in silk to match Tobias’ suit. Although Wynter looked breathtakingly lovely, she didn’t give the media any chance to interview her. They only took photos of her amazing beauty when she was out of the car. Everyone in the hall had their focus on her. Her delicate figure was noticeable. Under the light, her outfit shimmered like stars. Coupled with her face, she resembled a stunningly gorgeous fairy.
###chapter554
Chapter 554 The First Person to Be Embarrassed Some reporters were already stunned. They didn’t even need to guess Wynter’s identity. Naomi’s look only reflected Shane’s value for her, whereas Wynter’s appearance revealed the Quinnells’ true heiress. None of the CEOs present expected to see this scene, nor did they expect the “bumpkin” Ms. Sevie would look so outstanding. The two Quinnell scions stood on either side of her, holding her hands like gentlemen. They seemed to dote on her. “Mr. Quinnell, didn’t you say your sons were busy?” Someone glanced at Shane and set down his wine glass, indicating that he wouldn’t stand by Shane’s 
side. Shane’s expression shifted as he heard such ridicule. Meanwhile, Fabian also stepped out of the car. Elliot gave him Wynter’s hand. Fabian patted her hand. After she took his arm, he walked forward with the dragon cane. Fabian wore an old-fashioned attire and a gentleman’s hat. His suit’s material was identical to Wynter’s. They seemed to have stepped out of a painting of a prestigious family from the Victorian era. Their outfits were consistent with their identity because they had always been “national businessmen”. The so-called national businessman didn’t mean taking advantage of connections or taking shortcuts when conducting business. Throughout the most chaotic year, the Quinnells did their best to do business. They had provided all the resources and channels needed for the revolution at that time. Their karma had accumulated over generations, which was why s n a t c h i n g the Quinnells’ fate wasn’t something that could be done in a day. 
With Fabian’s nationalistic beliefs, the outside world wouldn’t readily conquer them. The scene the socialites imagined of a “bumpkin” without a dress and looking embarrassed didn’t happen. Instead, when Wynter arrived, all of them became her foils. Wendy was extremely jealous. She clenched her wine glass tightly. Her eyes were practically filled with hatred. Naomi noticed it. She whispered, pretending to be ignorant, “Is Sevie wearing a dress designed by Lamar?” Her sentence piqued Wendy’s interest. She took a closer look and noticed it resembled Lamar’s style. But everyone knew Lamar never made Chapter 55. The First Person to Be Embarrassed: Shumland-style outfits. “Naomi, Wynter must be an idiot. She didn’t even investigate Lamar’s design style and wore a knockoff. “She probably doesn’t even know who Lamar is and just wants to show off her pretty dress. Just watch.” Wendy smiled and walked toward Wynter with a wine glass. She exclaimed loudly, “You must be Ms. Sevie! Mr. Quinnell Senior has missed you all these years! Your dress is so pretty!” Wynter glanced sideways when she heard that. Tobias frowned. He didn’t think anyone who would approach them at such a time would be a good person. After all, he knew everything those socialites did. When he was about to get angry, Wynter responded lightly, “Thank you.” She looked at Wendy meaningfully, who had also appeared in her dream. Naomi was the one egging others on behind the scenes, while Wendy was the one openly ostracizing others. The Winstons had overpampered her, which made her assume nobody should be more in the limelight than she was.
###chapter555
Chapter 555 Wendy Wants to Embarrass Wynter In her dreams, Wendy frequently encouraged her friends to bully and mock her. Wynter smiled. Wendy had come up to her herself, which saved Wynter a lot of trouble. Fabian wore a solemn expression as he said, “What’s the matter?” “Mr. Quinnell Senior, you’re still so serious.” Wendy patted her chest, pretending to be afraid. “I’d like to make friends with Ms. Sevie.” Wendy knew that on such a big occasion, an elder couldn’t embarrass a junior like her. Of course, if Fabian got angry, the people from the media would spread news of it. Anyway, the Winstons weren’t the rude ones. Wendy had nearly revealed her schemes. Fabian could see through her facade. At that moment, he even decided to warn Clyde about teaching the juniors. 
If it didn’t make sense, he could ask Clyde to admit his mistake in person. Wendy raised her head with delight. Wynter glanced at her, played with the purple sugilite pendant on her waist, and suddenly smiled.” Grandpa, go catch up with your friends. You can leave me here.” Fabian nodded. He pointed at Elliot and Tobias with his cane. “You two stay here with Sevie.” “Yes, Grandpa.” Elliot would like to see who dared to come c The other socialites exchanged glances and didn’t move. while he was here. One of them even tugged on Wendy’s sleeve, whispering, “Forget it, Wendy. Elliot and Tobias are both here. We can’t deal with her right now.” “Does she think only she has brothers? My cousin will also be here soon!” Wendy shook off the socialite’s hand and walked forward with a smile. “Ms. Sevie, your dress looks familiar. It looks like Lamar’s design!” Wendy made sure to raise her voice when she said that. Sure enough, when she mentioned Lamar, many 
ladies looked over. Wendy’s eyes widened as if she was surprised. “But I’ve heard that Lamar has a quirk and dislikes Shumland-style. Plus, Lamar only produces one limited edition a year. This year’s model has been purchased. That’s a special exotic gauze skirt. Ms. Sevie, I’m so curious. How did you get your dress?” The ladies present were all fashion fanatics. Those media folks weren’t st u p i d either. Wendy implied that Wynter was wearing a knockoff! They had only focused on the Quinnells’ aura and appeara especially the fact that their sixth scion turned out to be famed actor Tobias. It was already highly shocking news. They had heard numerous rumors about Tobias throughout the previous two years. They even reported that he might be a CEO’s pretty boy toy. Now they wanted to slap their faces. They didn’t dare to report those rumors anymore. Since the Quinnells were fully prepared, whoever dared to report the fake news would go bankrupt. However, it was a big joke that Wynter wore a knockoff on such an occasion. “Wendy, can’t you see that Wynter’s dress is from the same series as ours?” Tobias was always the tyrant in this circle. “Or are you focusing all your attention on pursuing men?” “You-” Wendy was no match for him. Her face reddened with anger. Meanwhile, the Winstons strode in. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###chapter556
Chapter 556 Chad Was Stunned to Meet Wynter To outshine his peers, Chad wore a multi-million dollar watch and the latest high-end suit. He wanted to create a sensation around his outfit. Unexpectedly, the guests didn’t even look at him when he came in. Instead, they focused their attention elsewhere. It was Tobias again! “Tobias, you’re going too far to say that.” Chad approached and patted Wendy’s shoulder. “Wendy is still young. She’s just curious about that beautiful dress. “What’s more, she’s a fan of Lamar’s. When she notices someone dressed inappropriately, she’ll take it seriously. Tobias, if you think she’s wrong, just explain the origin of your sister’s dress. You didn’t have to embarrass Wendy.” Chad spoke grandly before raising his head confidently. He was curious to see what the Quinnells’ newly returned bumpkin could do. Elliot and Tobias even rushed back for her. 
However, Chad froze the next second. Wynter looked at him and smiled casually. She arched an eyebrow, as she had done at Panzarath. “What a coincidence, Mr. Chad. We met again. I heard that you’ve been helping the Scotts in finding me recently.” sugilite pendant and added meaningfully, “The Scotts shouldn’t be able to attend my banquet. Please convey my greetings to the Scotts. Of course, I hope that Mr. Mason’s condition is good enough that he understands it.” “Now you’ve found me,” she remarked. She played with the r Chad dropped his goblet to the ground upon hearing that. He told himself to stay calm. She was only a country bumpkin. Even if her identity was beyond his expectations, she couldn’t be so capable. 
Perhaps she had heard the gossip and was trying to scare him. Chad’s hands continued to quiver despite his thoughts. After all, he’d never forget how Wynter’s prophecy saved Logan from death. Mason had gone insane and told everyone that a ghost was haunting him. He was emaciated. Darrell said it was only a coincidence, but Chad still had his concerns. He took Wendy’s hand. “Wendy, forget what happened just now. After all, today is the Quinnells’ important day.” When she saw his fear, her anger grew stronger. The Winstons were on the same level as the Quinnells. Why did her cousin have to make way for a (chaplesso chod was sturge bumpkin from the village? Chad! Ms. Sevie is wearing a knockoff. I have to tell her!” Wendy was smart to pretend to be worried. “The designer of this series of outfits must have lied to Ms. Sevle because she didn’t understand anything. Mr. Quinnell Senior’s outfit might also be a knockoff.” As she stated that, she looked at Wynter. “Ms. Sevie, I’ve always been carefree and straightforward. Don’t blame me. It’s a trivial matter to purchase the wrong outfits and be defrauded of money. But Mr. Quinnell Senior usually meets clients. It would be a shame if he wore a knockoff.” She made the matter sound so serious. The CEOS who were talking also glanced over to see what the fuss was all about. “What knockoff? Since Mr. Quinnell Senior is wearing it, then it’s genuine.” “We don’t care about that.” Someone spoke for Fabian. Wendy smiled brightly. “Ah, perhaps I’m being too nosy. Ms. Sevie can buy whatever outfits she wants.” in
###chapter557
Chapter 557 You Are Plagiarizing Lamar She performed her attack and retreated perfectly. Even though the older generation didn’t care, it didn’t mean it had no impact. Wendy repeatedly stated that Wynter purchased knockoff outfits, implying that Wynter was either saving money or was s t u p i d and easily deceived. Wynter didn’t resemble an heiress at all. Ladies from various prestigious families would naturally discuss it. “Who told you that I purchased these outfits?” In the commotion, Wynter spoke neither loudly nor softly. Wendy asked, “Did you mean you made it yourself?” “Yes.” Wynter stared at her. “Tobias spoke too gently just now. You have nothing but stupi i y in your mind. Wendy was furious because nobody had ever dared to disgrace her like this. “Oh, by the way, I forgot to tell you. I speak straightforwardly too.” Wynter smiled and showed perfect etiquette. “Ms. Winston, you must not blame me.” 
Wendy’s hands began to tremble, and her chest hurt from being too angry. Right then, Naomi exclaimed warmly, “Sevie, you’re so awesome! You designed outfits for the first time, but your style is similar to that of the well-known designer Lamar. It’s amazing!” When she stated that, she looked at Wynter with shining eyes and admiration. Her hypocritical acting skills were indeed exco 2 4 Wynter slightly smiled while stroking her purple sugilite pendant. She didn’t look at Naomi but asked Tobias, “Tobias, did our father have an eighth child?” Wasn’t it just acting? She could also do it flawlessly. He immediately understood what she meant. “He didn’t. Even if he did, she would still be an illegitimate daughter. I won’t accept her anyway.” 
“Then stop calling me Sevie. Only my family can call me that,” Wynter said as she turned to look at Naomi. Wynter’s voice was so clear that eyen the CEOS over there could hear her. “Don’t ruin the Quinnells’ eyen reputation. The Quinnells have always been strict. If you him.” Her words were extremely lethal. are my father’s illegitimate daughter, please find Naomi never expected Wynter to embarrass Shane and make such statements. Not only was she extremély embarrassed, but Shane also wanted to hide himself. People around him gazed at him with even more curiosity. Some even Inquired, “Mr. Quinnell, is that child your- “No!” Shane denied it agitatedly. All his elegance was gone, and his eyes seemed to pop out. People had never seen him like this before, so they subconsciously took a step back. Shane aiso realized his gaffe and quickly composed himself. “Sorry, I was irritated just now. I only love Marie. I’ll never do anything to disgrace her.” “I knew it was impossible. Shane is the most affectionate.” Despite what they said, some were beginning to rethink their decisions. After all, Shane had always intended to adopt Naomi. His I was indeed unreasonable. bsession When he sensed that, he realized he couldn’t even mention the adoption today. If he mentioned it, his reputation would be ruined. Wynter was so cruel in forcing him to this point! Wendy didn’t care about the adoption at all. After hearing Naomi’s words, she covered her mouth and exclaimed, “Sevie, are you plagiarizing Lamar? You stole Lamar’s design!”
###chapter558
Chapter 558 I’m Lamar The crowd erupted as soon as she said those words. Plagiarism? Stealing? If that was the truth, the Quinnells’ stock price would decline. However, there was a way to save the situation-the Quinnells could no longer let Wynter be part of the family. They had to end the banquet early since the capital would never accept it if the news broke out. There were such examples in reality. The stock was worth more than 20 dollars per day, but it could plummet to a few dollars the next day. This period was troubled. Nobody dared to bet on the stock price. For a moment, everyone’s gaze focused on Wynter. The discussion became louder, including the major shareholders present. Wendy’s pride could hardly be hidden. Tobias’ expression darkened. But before he could step forward, Wynter smiled. She looked at Wendy nonchalantly and said, “I did design the outfits. But how did you conclude that ! plagiarized them?” 
三 The bes “It’s so similar! I’m sure it’s plagiarism!” Wendy nearly lost control and revealed her true colors. Naomi calmed her down in time and said pitifully, “Enough, Wendy. Sevie had just returned and couldn’t change some habits for a while. She didn’t mean it.” “Naomi, she has humiliated you. How could you still speak for her!” Wendy seemed to be seeking justice. Plagiarism isn’t a trivial issue. She must admit her mistake!” Wynter calmly asked, “Have you finished speaking?” he’s too arrogant!” Someone shook his head. Shane walked up and yelled, “Sevie, apologize!” “Why should Wynter apologize?” 
Elliot, who had never spoken, stood before him. “You brought a sponsee here to steal Wynter’s spotlight and make a show. I don’t mind being cruel as well. “If you want to be CEO, you must support Wynter. If you don’t want to, the six of us can take Grandpa’s test to determine who is qualified for your position.” Shane never expected that his fifth son, who had always been quiet, would say such words in public.. That indicated that all of the Quinnells’ scions were dissatisfied with him as their fatherl There was a lot of noise around him. Shane’s expression was almost livid. # Chapter 558 mm Lamar 212 “You’re making a big fuss by protecting her. We won’t be able to save the situation even if Dad comes to apologize!” He believed Wynter plagiarized a well-known designer. “You don’t need to worry about this, Mr. Quinnell.” Wynter stood beside Elliot. “Mr. Quinnell, Ms. Winston, and that sponsee. Despite my explanation, you all insisted that I was plagiarizing. You all seem to want to humiliate me.” No wonder some of her dreams were so counterintuitive. She was alone at the banquet, and there were traps everywhere, which she couldn’t avoid because nobody would listen to her explanation. People would even dislike her if Shane claimed she was ungrateful. Wynter’s expression darkened as she thought about that. “It’s a pity that I have to disappoint you. As you can see, my design is the same as Lamar’s. Because I’m Lamar.” Her last sentence was spoken clearly and confidently, enough for everyone present to hear it. In an instant, the scene appeared to explode. “What did she say? She’s Lamar?” 
“How can this be?” The first person to question Wynter wasn’t Wendy, but the ladies.
###chapter559
Chapter 559 Brothers Come Forward People came up with all sorts of gossip. Someone remarked, “Look at her age. Lamar is a Frendan. I heard she’s a noble in Frenda.” It indicated that they didn’t believe Wynter. Wendy couldn’t help but laugh. “Ms. Sevie, if you want to escape the embarrassment, say something more plausible. Lamar is indeed mysterious, but everyone knows that she was born Frenda. Her outfit design has always been exotic. If you want to pretend to be her, you must be similar to her.” Wynter responded calmly, “Have you met Lamar? Did you hear her say she’s Frendan?” “I-” Wendy couldn’t retort. Wynter smiled lightly and said purposefully, “You haven’t seen or heard from her. People present also mentioned it. Those are all rumors. I used to design outfits with an exotic style because I wanted to make money overseas. “I didn’t expect the strongest demand to be from Shumland. The less I do, the higher the price I fetched. I only intended to earn some tuition fees. It seems that many of you support me.” Her attitude shocked the ladies and made them hesitate. 
After all, they could see Lamar’s style was unorthodox. Otherwise, she wouldn’t be able to create gothic- style outfits. Wendy only found it ridiculous. “Will Lamar be short of tuition fees? Do you think everyone is like you, a part-time college student?” “Wendy!” Naomi wanted to stop her. Wendy thought she shouldn’t have to keep quiet at this point. “Naomi, compared to you, she is a puddle of mud! She’s only a shameless thief who wants to climb the social ladder! “I don’t understand what the Quinnells are thinking about. How could they not want you but a mischievous bumpkin! She’s so shameless to say she’s Lamar!” Right then, a voice sounded, “Whether it’s Lamar’s design or not, I can tell only by looking at the outfits.” 
It was Winnie Yeaton. As a well-known local and international artist, her paintings and furniture designs were always renowned. This time, she returned to Shumland for work reasons. People in the circle didn’t expect that she would show up. Her schedule should include interviews with the mainstream media. After all, she had achieved a good reputation among the local and international communities. Her “Shumland Marriage” project referred to things in a museum in a certain country that were all Shumland’s. Chapter 559 Brothers Come Forward 2/2 The “Shumland Marriage” even sold for more than 10 million at the auction. It showed Winnie’s status in the art world. What she said represented authority and genuineness. “Winnie, what brought you here?” Naomi looked surprised. She strode forward and took Winnie’s arm affectionately. Winnie patted her hand. “The Quinnells found their long-lost daughter. Of course, I’ll come. I also want to see if your mother’s biological daughter has any misunderstandings about you.” Misunderstandings? Wynter smiled and glanced at Winnie meaningfully. Naomi was full of grievance. “I’m not afraid of any misunderstanding. I’m just worried that Sevie will go astray.” Tobias and Elliot knew Winnie. They frowned, subconsciously wanting to protect Wynter. Winnie was stunned when she saw that. “Toby, Lio, it’s me. Why are you also hostile to me?” Elliot gazed at her. “These are the Quinnells’ family affairs. Outsiders shouldn’t interfere.” Winnie sighed. “I know you two don’t want to see your sister being wronged, but Naomi did nothing wrong. Without her, your mother might-“
###chapter560
Chapter 560 Wynter Proves Her Identity 
Winnie halted for a moment. 
She then looked at Wynter standing there. “Your eyes are like Marie’s. Nice to meet you, Sevie. I’m Winnie 
Yeaton. You can call me Ms. Yeaton. I hugged you when you were a child. 
“You did misunderstand Naomi, but it’s not your fault. After all, you’ve been away for many years from home. When you returned, your parents didn’t pay much attention to you. I understand you can’t accept it 
for a while.” 
Winnie seemed to want to stroke Wynter’s head. “You were naughty when you were young. If you made a mistake, you have a chance to seek forgiveness. But if you don’t, I won’t let anyone slander you. I promise it with my reputation. Let me see your dress.” 
She was thinking about a way to eliminate Wynter’s hostility. 
Since Wynter returned, Tobias and Elliot seemed different from before. 
But on such occasions, they had to think about their mother. 
Marie wouldn’t want to see either Naomi or Wynter in trouble. 
Winnie glanced at everyone. “You all should believe what I say. When I was at Frenda, I had contact with Lamar’s brand. I know things that ordinary people don’t know.” 
“Ms. Yeaton, we all believe you.”
A lady smiled. Her voice was gentle as if she were attempting to smooth things over. 
“It doesn’t matter whether it’s a knockoff. Children all have vanity. Marie isn’t here today. We should give her daughter a chance.” 
Wynter’s smile faded as that lady spoke, and her hand stopped fiddling with the purple sugilite pendant. 
She looked in the direction of that lady–and she found the voice that appeared in her dream. 
“Sevie, lower your head. Let me see the back of your neck,” Winnie said kindly. 
Wynter smiled. “So, you’re my mother’s friend?” 
“Yes, without your mother, I wouldn’t have my achievements.” Winnie never shied away from this point. 
Wynter didn’t understand. “Since you’re my mother’s friend, how can you help an outsider while embarrassing her biological daughter? My mother is sick. But given her style of doing things, she won’t approve of you doing this.” 
When Winnie heard that, she paused and wanted to explain. 
Wendy sneered. “You just don’t want Ms. Yeaton to check your dress! You’re afraid that it’ll turn out to be fake! Your plagiarism charges will be proven!” 
“I don’t like to bow my head.” Wynter stared at Winnie and pointedly stated, “My mother is the same. 
Chapter 560 Wynter Proves Her Identity 
Maybe I don’t look like her in appearance, but we have similar personalities. There are various ways to prove whether I’m Lamar.” 
Wendy yelled, “You’re just making excuses!” 
Wynter ignored her and made a phone call in front of everyone. 
She spoke in Frendese, “You can post those outfits that I designed yesterday.” 
“Really? Oh my God! Lamar, are you serious? Can I post it?” 
The other party appeared to hear something incredible. After all, according to Lamar’s character, she disliked publicity. 
Wynter responded calmly, “Yes. But you must state that I gave those outfits to my family. In terms of creative inspiration, I’d like to convey my admiration for the Quinnells, a national business conglomerate, 
and my family.” 
“Huh? You admire the Quinnells?” 
It appeared unbelievable. In all the years he had known Lamar, he had never heard her express admiration 
for anyone.
###chapter561
Chapter 561 Who Dares to Continue Making Trouble 
Lorenzo was always the first to do anything beneficial to the company. 
“Should I post it now? Or should I wait until the first of the month? According to our plan, Meridon 
Fashion Week will take place at that time. We can take the opportunity to increase our popularity. After 
all, it’s the first time you’ve used Shumland elements to design outfits. I believe it’ll cause an uproar, 
éspecially in Shumland. They’re our main…” 
He talked endlessly with all kinds of exclamations. He spoke very fast. 
The main reason was that Lamar didn’t contact him too much. He was too excited. 
Wynter interrupted him in time, “Post it now. I want to see you post it on the company’s official website in two minutes. If I don’t see it, you can resign then.” 
In other words, she owned the company. 
There weren’t many people present who knew Frendese. Those who knew were all at the opposite of the 
banquet. 
Those socialites stood closer to Wynter. But they never learned Frendese. 
Some ladies had studied Frendese overseas, but they couldn’t hear the conversation well. They only vaguely heard Wynter’s request for the other party to post something. 
Winnie, the only person who had stayed in Frenda for a long time, was stunned.
She stared at Wynter in disbelief and whispered, “Sevie, you…” 
Was Wynter Lamar? How could that be? 
But it was indeed Lorenzo’s voice on the other end. That was a friend she met when holding an art 
exhibition in Frenda! 
Lorenzo’s attitude toward Wynter was as if she were the real decision–maker in the company. 
Winnie had frozen. She was thinking about the situation. 
Wendy was stupid, though. In addition, the medicinal aroma affected her, causing her attitude to change. What are you trying to imply by pretending to make a phone call? Don’t think that you can plagiarize anyone at will under the Quinnells‘ protection!” 
” 
“Two minutes are up.” 
Faced with Wendy’s provocation/ Wynter scrolled through her phone. 
“There is news on Queenlight Corporation’s official website. You all can check it out online.” 
As soon as she said that, everyone looked at their phones. 
The most recent update on Queenlight Corporation’s official website was a family photo. 
Chapter 561 Who Dares to Continue Making Trouble 
Fabian sat in the center, with Wynter behind him and her brothers on either side.
The background was Kingwood Alley in Kingbourne. 
Not to mention the latest high–end outfits they wore. When the guests saw the photo, they were shocked. 
“It’s the Quinnells!” 
“Look! There are also words!” 
The official website used Scandonese to match the design this time. 
“As you can see, Lamar has once again achieved a breakthrough. This time, her creative inspiration comes from Shumland’s national business family, the Quinnells. It depicts the legendary story of a 
generation. 
“Unlike before, Lamar’s outfits this time aren’t for sale. It’s a gift to her family. She hopes that her family will remain prosperous and accomplish their aspirations of doing business on a national scale while also bringing peace to the family. 
“If Shumland needs help, the Quinnells are there; if the Quinnells need help, Lamar is there.” 
When Lorenzo posted that, he only knew part of the meaning. He copy–pasted everything. He would post whatever Lamar asked him to post. He didn’t want to be fired by Lamar in his 50s. She was his genius boss, after all. 
As soon as that post came out, it proved Wynter’s identity. At the same time, the Quinnells followed the Queenlight Corporation’s publicity to join the international market. 
Overseas netizens were now asking about the Quinnells in Shumland. Wynter glanced at Wendy. “Ms. Winston, what else do you want to say?”
###chapter562

Chapter 562 Sebastian Also Comes to Protect Wynter
What else could Wendy say? She was dumbfounded.
If only she had held back and stopped being so haughty, she might still have a chance to maneuver.
However, she spoke harshly to Wynter in front of everyone without thinking properly. She had completely offended the Quinnells!
She assumed she had successfully made things difficult for Wynter because the latter showed no reaction. She never expected that bumpkin to be Lamar! Why didn't that bumpkin tell her earlier?
Could it be that Wynter knew how to judge the situation and deliberately let her make a fuss before dealing with her?
Wendy was frightened by her idea. For the first time, she paid close attention to Wynter.
There was no time for her to think about it, as exclamations and comments followed one after another.
Wendy finally became the banquet's focal point as she wished, but she would rather not have such a focus on her.
She gripped her sleeves tightly and looked at the gazes around her, wishing she could disappear on the spot.
She subconsciously looked at Naomi and hinted at the latter to help her.
Naomi avoided Wendy's gaze at first, but she thought of the Winstons. So, she held Winnie's arm with
tears.
"Winnie, Wendy didn't mean it. She was impulsive because she admired Lamar. After all, Lamar is too mysterious. She hadn't expected Lamar to be..."
Speaking of that, she turned to Wynter and said in a tearful tone, "Sev... Ms. Sevie, Wendy is my best friend. Please don't blame her. You may blame me. She did such things to make up for the unfairness I had experienced.
"She likes your designs. If she knew you were Lamar, she wouldn't have humiliated you. The Winstons and Quinnells have always had a good relationship. Could you forgive her?"
Wendy's eyes reddened as she felt moved. "Naomi..."
They defended each other as if Wynter was the one who had bullied them.
Arianna also came over at this time. "Sevie, my daughter is usually straightforward and offends many people. You both are the same age. We didn't even realize you were Lamar. She didn't know about it either.
"I'll teach her a lesson later. Don't take it seriously. Whenever friends quarrel, the relationship becomes closer. You both know each other better now."
She was smart. She spoke calmly, making it appear as if she was close to the Quinnells and rescuing Wendy from shame.
She arrived too late. If she had come earlier, she wouldn't have let her daughter do such idiotic things. She'd taught Wendy many times. Even if they despised someone, they couldn't show it on such occasions.
Arianna controlled her emotions. When she gazed at Wynter, she resembled a friendly elder. "Your mother and I got along like that back then. It's a pity that she is now..."
When she stated that, she sighed. "Our two families still have to communicate frequently. Otherwise, we'll grow unfamiliar and have many misunderstandings."
The elders had spoken to this extent. If Wynter continued to insist on the issue, she would appear to be going too far.
Tobias realized that those ladies always used their identities as "elders" to oppress them.
They all claimed to have an excellent relationship with Marie, yet they came to bully Wynter when they knew Marie wasn't present!
He clenched his fists and was about to get angry when a voice sounded from behind them. "You're wrong, Mrs. Winston."
###chapter563
Chapter 563 Apologize in Person 
It was Sebastian. He shrugged off his coat and strolled over from the corner. 
Compared to Elliot and Tobias, he appeared more like a typical corporate elite. He adorned a diamond wristwatch and sported a stylish backcombed hairstyle. The well–defined angles of his face were 
complemented by a charming smile. 
“Sebastian!” Tobias‘ eyes lit up. 
At this moment, even the company owners made way for him. 
After all, Sebastian couldn’t merely be viewed as the fourth son of the Quinnell family. He was far too renowned among the Hawford Legal Elites. 
Given their industry, they couldn’t afford to offend any lawyers. 
Sebastian only spared Tobias a single glance before his gaze landed on Wynter. He couldn’t help but reach out and ruffle Wynter’s long hair. “Wynter is so capable. Others should be praising you. Instead, 
you’re here being slandered.” 
Wynter felt somewhat uncomfortable when her hair was ruffled. 
The words she had prepared beforehand suddenly got stuck in her throat. 
Yet, in this state, Sebastian felt that this was the Wynter he knew best. He smiled gently and said, “It’s all because we are useless brothers. We have allowed outsiders to misunderstand, and now they think anyone can step on my sister.”
When he spoke, Arianna instinctively took a step back. 
The others remained silent, no longer daring to speak up. 
Initially, as the ladies belonged to the same social circle, they felt a subconscious urge to defend the 
Winston family. 
However, they treaded carefully around Sebastian. Afterall, they recognized he wasn’t just a mere junior. 
It’s no wonder why some referred to him as the smiling fox. That’s exactly who Sebastian was. He appeared approachable but his words brooked no compromise. 
“Mrs. Winston, reputation should never be risked in a dispute. While the Winstons and the Quinnells share a close bond, the Winstons aren’t an ordinary family. Even someone as young as Ms. Winston should grasp that baseless accusations of theft come with consequences,” he remarked. 
“Either Ms. Winston apologizes now or we’ll pursue legal action” 
Sebastian’s words were deliberate. “When it comes to applying moral pressure, I believe I am better at it than Mrs. Winston.” 
“Sebastian, I didn’t mean it like that,” Arianna interjected, wanting to explain. 
Chapter 563 Apologize in Person 
Sebastian smiled. “Mrs. Winston, I’m not concerned with your intentions. I’ve conveyed my stance clearly. Usually, I don’t involve myself much in the fashion industry.
“I just searched about Lamar, which is also my little sister’s brand. With her influence, the baseless accusations made by Ms. Winston earlier could tarnish the Winston family’s reputation. 
“The recent performance of the Winston family’s stocks appears to be rather ordinary.” 
“You know me,” Sebastian added and looked at Arianna. “I don’t mind helping the Winston family again.” 
After hearing this, Arianna’s expression changed! 
If today’s events truly impacted the Winston family’s business, the people back at home would never forgive her. 
Her daughter would also be regarded as a sinner within the Winston family! 
Regardless of her reluctance, Arianna bit her tongue and instructed Wendy, “Quickly apologize to Wynter!” 
“Mom, I’m not apologizing!” Wendy shouted, “The Quinnells are bullies! I-” 
A resounding smack reverberated through the room. 
Arianna, her eyes reddened, slapped Wendy’s face. “Apologize!” 
Wendy covered her face and stared at Arianna in disbelief. 
True to his profession as a lawyer, Sebastian interjected, “If Ms. Winston is unwilling, Mrs. Winston need not force her. Nevertheless, inappropriate behavior and slandering others are not habits that can be changed overnight.” 
This was essentially a humiliation for the Winston family!
###chapter564
Chapter 564 Repaying Kindness With Vengeance 
As soon as he spoke, everyone at the banquet assumed that there was something wrong with Wendy. 
Wynter couldn’t help but raise her head to glance at Sebastian. 
His statement was too strong. If the Winston family didn’t apologize, they would publicly acknowledge their lack of upbringing. This would only make the situation more uncomfortable for them. 
Sure enough, Arianna was anxious. “Sebastian, it’s all a misunderstanding,” she interjected. 
With that, she pressured Wendy again. “If you don’t apologize today, don’t ever come back to the Winston 
family!” 
Wendy realized the seriousness of the situation as soon as she heard this. She felt slightly anxious as her mother’s expression didn’t seem like she was joking. 
“I–I’m sorry.” Wendy’s eyes welled up with tears. Even though she still felt resentful towards Wynter, she knew she couldn’t show it anymore. 
She clenched her fists, half–bowed her head, and said, “I shouldn’t have slandered you without knowing anything. I was w Please forgive my ignorance and foolishness.” 
Wynter looked over and calmly responded, “As far as I know, Ms. Winston has done this more than once. You look down on anyone who’s new to the circle, which I understand. Similarly, please understand that as an individual, I don’t want to forgive you. After all, stabbing me in the back was malicious.”
“I have no misunderstanding with Ms. Winston. However, my grandpa is here today. He’s nostalgic and often tells me about how he and his old friends used to get by,” she explained. 
“According to Mrs. Winston’s implication today, if the Winston family and the Quinnell family are well- acquainted, the Quinnell family is expected to show deference to the Winston family. 
“Mrs. Winston probably forgot who injected funds into the Winston family’s business and saved it from collapse when the policy had just opened. 
“My grandpa has never been one to be swayed by favors, and he’s always taught me that way. It’s just that today’s a special occasion. I would like to ask something.” 
“The Quinnell family doesn’t owe the Winston family anything,” Wynter asserted, her eyes dark and clear. The Winston family’s hostility toward me is inexplicable. Is it just your daughter like this, or is Mr. Winston 
also like this?” 
In an instant, the blood drained from Arianna’s face, leaving her complexion pale and frightening. 
“Wynter, about this-” Arianna interjected. 
Wynter didn’t wait for her to finish. “Mrs. Winston, this matter reflects the intentions of the Winston family 
as a whole.” 
This sentence caused a commotion in the entire banquet hall. 
Chapter 564 Repaying Kindness With Vengeance 
“Yeah. Come to think of it, the Quinnell family really did a favor for the Winston family.” 
“At that time, the Winston family was on the brink of bankruptcy. They were scrambling for funds everywhere. Without the Quinnell family’s assistance, they would’ve gone under.” 
“Why does Ms. Winston come off as more arrogant than Ms. Quinnell? It’s like repaying kindness with 
vengeance.” 
“Who knows how the Winston family raised her…” 
Arianna felt unsteady as she listened to the speculations around her. 
She had always been at ease in this social circle. Only in Marie’s presence did she feel somewhat 
subdued. 
After all these years, she had always been the center of attention in the ladies‘ circle. She had never felt 
so stifled! 
Based on her experience, she could usually turn things around with her “elderly” demeanor. 
But now, her daughter’s actions, although resolved, had led to severe consequences. 
Handling the girl brought back from the village was tougher than handling the mother! 
Arianna glanced at Wynter standing in the center. Clad in an elegant black dress, she toyed with a pendant in her hand. Her face, cold yet beautiful, bore an indifferent gaze that seemed to pierce through árianna.
It reminded Arianna of the time when Wynter was just born not long ago. 
She had visited Marie at the Quinnell residence with the intention of putting on a facade to dote on the 
baby.
###chapter565
Chapter 565 Mom Appears 
Unexpectedly, as soon as the child opened her eyes, she spat at her. Arianna felt utterly repulsed. 
Now that she’s grown up, she’s even more aggravating than before! 
The Quinnell family shouldn’t have brought her back. 
Arianna kept her thoughts to herself, though her face betrayed guilt. 
She knew she had to say something. Otherwise, the Winston family’s reputation would suffer! 
So, Arianna cleverly called out to Shane, “Shane, please clarify things for our Winston family. We truly didn’t mean any harm. Clyde always reminded us not to forget the kindness of the Quinnell family.” 
“I understand, I understand,” Shane responded, trying to redeem himself at that moment. “Do we really need to explain the relationship between the Winston and Quinnell families? Wynter has just returned and is overthinking things.” 
“But Wendy, she should exercise more restraint in the future,” Shane continued, appearing to scold Wendy while actually downplaying the issue. “You often speak impulsively, without considering the consequences. Luckily, I’m here today to help clear things up. Wynter won’t take offense.” 
“If we hau… clarified your actions today, it could have caused a rift between the Quinnell and Winston 
families.” 
“I’ve worked alongside your father for years. Your mom and Mrs. Quinnell are good friends as well. You 
should also grow closer to Wynter in the future,” Shane advised.
Wendy replied helplessly, “Mr. Quinnell, I understand. I’ll definitely change in the future.” 
“It’s good that you’re willing to change. You’re still a good kid,” Shane remarked, feeling he handled the 
matter fairly. He then turned to Wynter and said, “Sevie, you should also show some sisterly tolerance.” 
Wynter remained emotionless, but her three brothers couldn’t contain themselves any longer. 
Especially Sebastian. He even questioned whether the person before him was truly his father. 
While Shane had always lacked independent thought since he was young, he wasn’t foolish. Sebastian 
wondered if the benefits the Winston family secretly provided to the Quinnell family had become 
significant enough for his father to disregard everything. 
Sebastian stepped forward, about to speak. 
Then, Wynter’s laughter broke through. “Mr. Quinnell, you seem incapable of discerning the appropriate occasion. Was Elliot’s demeanor not clear enough just now? Or do you believe that I, your recently discovered daughter, am easily manipulated? 
“Why do you keep popping up everywhere?” Wynter’s smile was faint as she approached Shane. 
“At first, I didn’t want to engage with you. After all, you’re still Grandpa’s son. 
Chapter 565 Mom Appears 
“But Mr. Quinnell, what did you do after I was abducted? You found a sponsee. You even considered adopting her,” Wynter continued.
“Everyone here knows I came from the backwoods. It’s true that I lived a miserable life. When I couldn’t eat and was beaten by traffickers, you pampered another girl like a princess,” she added. 
“Now that I’m back, you’re asking me to be generous? When I was on the brink of death, why didn’t you ask yourself to search for me harder?” Each of Wynter’s words carried weight, despite her calm demeanor. 
Shane was visibly flustered. “I–Who said I didn’t search for you?” 
“It was my mom, my grandpa, and my brothers who searched for me. You-” Wynter’s tone remained steady. “You were too preoccupied with building your career.” 
Shane’s gaze darted nervously among the people around him. “Someone had to run the company! Your mom was seriously ill at the time.” 
“So you found a sponsee to pacify her,” Wynter said, a hint of amusement in her voice. 
Upon hearing this, Naomi started to feel sorry again. Her eyes welled up with tears. 
Observing Naomi’s distress, Winnie interjected, “Sevie, regardless of anything, your mom’s health improved because of Naomi. Your mom wouldn’t want you to hold onto grudges like this.” 
“Winnie, you’re mistaken. My daughter did nothing wrong.”
###chapter566
Chapter 566 Marie’s Grand Entrance 
When that familiar voice resounded, everyone froze for a moment. 
Marie’s unexpected arrival caught everyone off guard, especially in the midst of today’s banquet. 
After all, the memory of her last appearance at a banquet still lingered vividly in everyone’s minds. 
In the thoughts of the ladies, particularly Arianna’s, they assumed Shane would have admitted Marie into the hospital. They had disregarded Marie, so no one had asked any questions. 
At this moment, Marie wore a burgundy fishtail evening gown. She immediately attracted everyone’s attention as soon as she entered the banquet hall. 
Marie had fair skin and a pair of deep, clear eyes. Time had left almost no traces on her face. 
She retained her cold and noble demeanor. People used to call her Hawford’s Red Rose–she was delicate yet fiery. 
Her temperament contrasted sharply from Wynter’s. At first glance, one would not associate the two 
together. 
As Mar roached, the striking resemblance in their gestures and expressions became evident. 
The people only then realized that this was indeed a true mother–daughter pair. 
Before her arrival, the ladies present could still vie for attention. But now, they all became supporting 
characters. 
Marie was exceptionally beautiful, so much so that it almost enchanted people’s hearts.
Winnie was stunned. She murmured, “Marie, are you… feeling better?” 
Arianna had the same question in mind. 
Clearly, Marie had suffered from madness before. 
The last time Arianna saw her, Marie was kept by Shane like a canary. Her eyes were vacant, and she couldn’t give a coherent answer even when spoken to. 
Though she no longer hurt people as before, she still didn’t seem fully recovered. 
“If I still haven’t recovered, it seems like everyone here might truly think that our dear Sevie has neither a father nor a mother,” Marie said with a graceful smile. “Of course, my dear friends wouldn’t think so. Am I right, Ms. Yeaton and Mrs. Winston?” 
Marie singled out these two women, making her intentions very obvious. 
Wasn’t Winnie trying to use Marie’s name to suppress her own daughter? Marie had come personally to assert that her daughter was precious! 
Such directness left no room for doubt. 
Chapter 565 Marie’s Grand Entrance 
Their reactions varied from one another. 
Winnie had never expected Marie to address her so directly. 
As for Arianna, she wished she had never come to this banquet.
She had expected to witness a joke involving the Quinnell family. But in the end, she became the one being laughed at. 
Now that Marie was here again, Arianna wasn’t sure if Marie had truly recovered. She wondered if Marie was, as Shane had said, fluctuating between good and bad. 
Subconsciously, she wanted to test it. 
Unexpectedly, Wynter beat her to it. Her eyes cold, she asked, “Mrs. Winston, what are you trying to do?” 
“I’m just worried about Marie’s health,” Arianna explained with a fake smile. “She tends to get agitated when her emotions are bad.” 
Marie took a glass of red wine elegantly. “Mrs. Winston is afraid that I’ll be like before, randomly pouring wine and pinc people. I’ve asked the doctor, and as long as no one suggests anything, I won’t have any issues. Mrs. Winston doesn’t need to worry about this. I’m fine now, and I’ll be better in the future,” Marie assured. 
This scene prompted sighs from the people. Once again, the goddess–like presence of Marie had returned. 
“It seems that Mrs. Quinnell is truly feeling better!” 
“What does Mrs. Quinnell mean? Was someone suggesting things when she pinched people back then?” “My goodness! How terrifying! Who suggested such things? What did they turn such a good person into?”
###chapter567
Chapter 567 The Brothers Dominated the Scene, 
“The Quinnell family is quite mysterious. I suspect there’s something fishy going on. But it’s strange, if 
it?” 
Mrs. Quinnell is fine now, why hasn’t her husband mentioned 
“Yeah, very strange indeed. Mr. Quinnell had always portrayed himself as a doting husband, yet he seems 
oblivious to his wife’s recovery.” 
All those present were sharp–minded, especially the women who despised men who pretended to be extremely loving but were actually absent husbands. 
“Now I’m starting to think there’s something fishy about Shane’s insistence on adopting that little girl, Naomi.” 
Seeing the situation, Shane hurriedly wanted to intervene. In fact, when Marie arrived, he wanted to take 
control of the situation, as he did before. 
But his three sons left him no room. 
“I am your father!” Shane roared in frustration, losing his composure completely. 
Sebastian chuckled lightly. “You don’t have to be. As long as my mom is happy, I can be her lawyer.” 
As soon as he said this, it was as if their trump card was revealed.
Previously, with Marie absent, the three brothers had been somewhat restrained. They feared their 
actions might sadden their mother if their father reacted badly. 
But now, it seems unnecessary. It turns out that their mother was also on their side. 
The entire room was stunned. 
“What does Sebastian mean?” 
“What else could it mean? He’s advocating for his parents‘ divorce.” 
If Shane really divorced, all the relationships he had worked so hard to maintain would be destroyed in an 
instant. 
“You–you!” Shane was so angry he almost spat blood. Sebastian had been at odds with him since 
childhood, always scheming against him. Now, it was even worse. 
“Watch your image. Your shareholders are all watching,” Sebastian reminded him. 
Shane narrowed his eyes and clenched his fists. “Is it because Sevie has spoken to you all? She’s young and full of resentment. You’re all adults, yet you listen to her!” 
“Mr. Quinnell.” Elliot, who usually spoke the least, finally spoke up. He glanced around at everyone. “What transpired today was initially a family matter for the Quinnell family.” 
“My younger sister is someone who wouldn’t even cry out in pain if she were wronged. She never complains. Perhaps our father, Mr. Quinnell, isn’t even aware of this.
“When I was in the village, I was on the brink of death in a cellar. If it weren’t for my younger sister, I would 
have perished long ago. 
“She saved my life,” Elliot stated. 
This revelation was being disclosed to the public for the fir 
time. 
what my younger sister went through in the village 
Elliot’s expression remained resolute as he spoke, “Mr. Quinnell, you’ve 
me to enlight ever bothered to inquire about 
Allow you. I myself was abducted and 
village. 
left for dead. She was only a child at the time, taken to an almost 
catc 
“Now that she’s returned, she holds no grudges. In fact, 
she sa 
grandfather’s and mother’s illnesses. And yet, you to 
contine
and I, and tended to our 
her name, claiming she’s resentful! 
“Mr. Quinnell, I must ask you this. Who is truly your biological daughter?” Elliot questioned. 
“And to the rest of you, do not think you can manipulate my younger sister using notions of filial piety. Today, it’s me, Elliot, who is questioning him,” Elliot declared, fixing his gaze on Shane. “You hardly seem like a father at all.” 
“You know best what caused my mother’s illness. And that sponsee by your side, I’ve never acknowledged her from the start,” he added. 
Sebastian chimed in at the right moment. “I’ve never acknowledged her either. How dare she act like she’s close to me?” 
With that, he turned to Naomi. “Wendy is your friend, so sticking up for her sounds reasonable. But what kind of nonsense did she spout?”
###chapter568
Chapter 568 The End of Naomi 
“Our sister will always be Sevie. I distinctly recall telling you this several times. 
girl. We understood that publicly revealing you would bruise 
“We hesitated in the past because you’re a girl 
your pride. 
“But you persistently slandered my little sister to satisfy your ego and pry into matters that didn’t concern 
you. Dad may have wanted to shield you but we’re not the same as him. 
the 
“If I can’t even protect my own sister, up the Quinnell name!” Sebastian said. 
nl give 
In an instant, the entire banquet erupted i 
The three sons of the Quinnell family displayed 
emarkable fierceness in defending their sister. 
Marie promptly took hold of Wynter’s hand. Her radiance was undiminished and she was not to be trifled 
with.
It was as if she was conveying to everyone that if they dared to mistreat her daughter, they should first seek permission from her family–the Whitmans 
Indeed, Marie wasn’t just Mrs. Quinnell; she was also the most favored daughter of the Whitman family. 
No one dared to cause any further commotion. Even Winnie’s understanding of the situation was 
shattered. 
For years, Winnie believed she had been aiding Marie. That was why she had provided Naomi with so 
many resources. 
She had also attempted to persuade Wynter to let go of her grievances and not to misunderstand Naomi. 
Winnie never anticipated that the truth behind it would unfold this way. 
treated her biological16 
Filled with regret, she yearned to reach for Marie’s hand, but a sudden recollection of Wynter’s words at the outset halted her-“If Mom knew how you daughter like this, she would not be 
happy.” 
In that moment, Winnie felt a wave of self–condemnation wash over her. 
How could her thoughts have been so muddled? 
It would have been evident had she considered Marie’s character more carefully. 
Why had she seemed to forget everything and solely focused on protecting Naomi?
Winnie shook her head in disbelief. 
Observing Winnie’s reaction, Naomi realized that the effects of the medicinal ince were nearly 
depleted. Her plan to hide behind and take advantage of everyone to stir up trouble was ruined! 
Naomi never expected for Sebastian to show up. He was the brother she dreaded the most. 
He certainly possessed a way with words that left no room for argument. 
Naomi wondered when exactly her mother had recovered. Why hadn’t she been informed? 
Even her dad did not inform her. 
Furthermore, how could Marie have recuperated? 
Naomi couldn’t come to terms with this 
before, with no opportunity to salvage 
o she had never found herself in such a helpless situation the situation before the eyes of everyone 
present. 
She was subjected to the scrutiny of so many questioning gazes. 
She was the cherished daughter of the Quinnell family! 
We cherished daughter of 
the Q. I ng gazes.
She had to keep up the facade! 
Naomi immediately glanced at Shane. But at this moment, Shane couldn’t even defend himself, let alone 
her. 
Naomi couldn’t resort to using the medicinal incense in public. 
She simply cried, shook her head, and bit her lip, appearing deeply distressed. “Sebastian, I swear I didn’t. I really didn’t.” 
“Stop addressing me by my first name,” Sebastian remarked. Then, he turned to everyone and said, “I have a question for everyone here. Would you be willing to accept someone who persistently refuses rejection and attempts to replace your loved ones?” 
The men took a moment to process, but the women reacted differently. 
How had they not noticed Naomi’s behavior before? Her frequent tears, her manipulative tactics? 
“Who would tolerate such behavior? If she dares to interfere with my family, she’ll regret it!” 
All the women saw through these deceitful tactics. 
Mrs. Fenton was the one who spoke up. She had no tolerance for such manipulative behavior. Known for her straightforwardness, she had no qualms about offending people. 
She seldom mingled with the other ladies in the circle. 
After all, they lacked skills and didn’t know how to appreciate good coffee. 
Mrs. Fenton had anticipated that her remark might cause offense.
###chapter569

Chapter 569 Let's Get a Divorce
Marie affectionately held her hand. "Mrs. Fenton's words are wise. As mothers, we shouldn't condone our children harming others. But when others seek to harm our children, we won't hesitate to defend them. They better not try anything!"
Josephine felt slightly nervous being held by such a charming beauty. "Ah, yes, t that's correct."
"All along, everyone believed that my condition stabilized because my husband brought back a child," Marie looked at Shane for the first time, almost as if she could see right through him. "I, like everyone else, also believed this."
"Everyone here is a witness to the love I share with my husband, especially Mrs. Winston."
Marie wasn't one to let things slide when it concerned her daughter. If they were against her, she might have overlooked it.
However, since no one intended to let her daughter off the hook due to her delayed arrival, Marie persisted. They were just like those people online who criticized her son.
Her illness had always provided others with an opportunity to attack her daughter.
Marie originally planned to resolve her issues with Shane slowly. But now that it had come to this, she didn't need to hold back anymore. "For this, I am very grateful to this child."
"I gave her almost everything the Quinnell family had, including the future and honor she desired. I also made a promise to ensure she always had food and clothing," she continued.
Marie retrieved a document from her bag. "The reason for my delay was because someone sent me a document. The truth is, my illness hasn't improved due to anyone's arrival."
"In fact, it further exacerbated my condition," Marie stated, casting a significant glance at Shane. "My husband always insisted, out of love, that my current state wasn't conducive to socializing. He said that staying safe at home was his greatest wish for me.
"Naturally, the child he brought along would keep me company. After all, that child was practically a replica of my Sevie when she was young.
"I lost my daughter and spent countless nights searching for her. It's true that I developed some psychological issues because of this.
"However, even in my right mind, I never consented to adopting anyone. No one could ever replace my daughter," she said.
"Now, regarding Mr. Quinnell," Marie paused. She took a deep breath to suppress her emotions.
She couldn't bear it--not because she couldn't bear to lose him, but because she couldn't bear to lose so many years of her youth.
From their days as students to marriage and parenthood.
Was it all a lie? Like the time he stood outside her dorm building on a cold winter day, building a snowman to make her smile?
Or when he vowed to love her forever, along with their children?
In hindsight, at this stage of her life, her once fervent emotions seemed suddenly futile.
Yet, even so, she had to make a decision.
Marie was acutely aware that if she didn't confront Shane, Naomi would continue to drain the life out of the Quinnell family and Wynter.
She refused to allow such a situation to persist.
"The details of my illness and your actions during this time are documented here," Marie stated.
She walked closer to Shane. "I harbor no resentment toward you. But I never anticipated that the one exacerbating my situation would be the one beside me."
She added, "The one spearheading the attack against my daughter is her own father, all for the sake of the Quinnell family's business?"
Shane panicked. "Marie, let me explain. It's not what you think. I truly have your best interests at heart." "That's enough, Mr. Quinnell. We're not children anymore," Marie declared firmly. "Let's get a divorce."
###chapter570
Chapter 570 What Goes Around Comes Around 
Divorce? 
The whole scene fell into silence. Even Shane was stunned. 
“Divorce?” He widened his eyes and stared at Marie in disbelief. “You want to divorce me?” 
He knew the Whitman family’s values better than anyone else. How could they raise a woman who would mention divorce so casually? 
Stetter 
Wasn’t she always the one who strictly adhered to conventions? 
Couldn’t she have discussed it privately with him? Why did she have to air it out in public and embarrass him in front of everyone? 
Shane seemed to not even recognize Marie anymore. Anger was evident in his eyes. 
“You’re having another episode!” 
Shane reached out to grab Marie’s arm. “Let’s go, come with me to the hospital!” 
An episode? 
Was Marie’s mention of divorce considered an episode? 
Some people were still confused. 
However, Wynter wasted no time. She firmly grasped Shane’s wrist. “My mom contemplated keeping those documents private to spare the Quinnell family. Be sensible and leave quietly.”
Shane gritted his teeth and looked at Wynter with a mix of fear and hatred in his eyes. 
The medium was right; Wynter was indeed a threat to the Quinnell family! 
He needed to find a way to defuse the situation. 
Although he knew it was wrong, a recurring thought plagued Shane’s mind. “If only she hadn’t returned, if 
she hadn’t been discovered, none of this would have occurred,” he thought to himself. 
“I’m your dad!” Shane’s composure shattered. “Do you wish to see our family torn apart?” 
“Shane, stop tarnishing your daughter’s reputation.” Marie, in stark contrast, appeared more like a normal 
person than Shane. 
“From the beginning until now, have you felt no remorse? How true was your love? I reserve the right to determine the fate of my marriage. You may leave. The attorneys from the Whitman family will be in touch with you,” Marie stated firmly. 
At that moment, the gaze of many business partners were fixated on Shane. 
They had chosen Shane over Fabian because he was the son–in–law of the Whitman family. 
Now, faced with such a situation, only a fool would continue to support him. He had no idea how to 
Chapter 570 What Goes Around Comes Around 
navigate the current circumstances.
Never did he imagine Marie would bring up divorce in front of so many people! 
For years, he had constantly overshadowed Marie’s presence. 
What could the renowned Hawford’s Red Rose do? After she fell ill, she had to stay 
No man would want his wife to outshine him and constantly suppress him. 
Initially, when she fell ill, he hoped she would recover. 
confined at home. 
to Thi 
But over time, he realized that her emotional instability made him seem even more caring. Thus, Shane prolonged her illness, hoping that Marie wouldn’t reintegrate into society. 
Everything was going smoothly until Wynter returned! 
Shane could sense that he was on the verge of being exposed. 
Suddenly, a loud voice came from the side. “What’s going on?” 
The older generation had been upstairs in the second–floor reception room, sipping tea and engaging in 
business discussions. 
Witnessing the ongoing commotion, they finally decided to come downstairs. 
O as the one who spoke. He was dressed modestly, wearing a
Declan, the patriarch of the Quinnell family, 
beaded bracelet and sporting a head full of white hair. He exuded a kind and gentle demeanor. 
“Marie is here too?” Declan smiled warmly like an approachable elder. “It seems your condition has improved, as Shane mentioned. It’s good to see you out and about more.”
###chapter571

Chapter 571 The End of Shane
Marie held great respect for the patriarch of the Quinnell family. "You're right."
Fabian was also present. He leaned on his cane with deep eyes. He didn't beat around the bush. "Marie, I didn't quite catch it upstairs. Are you planning to divorce my son?"
Declan furrowed his brow and said, "This is a matter for the younger generation. You shouldn't meddle." "Declan, I'm not meddling. I'm just asking." Fabian chuckled. "After all, it's come to this point."
Marie felt even more apologetic toward her father-in-law. Ever since she married into the Quinnell family, her in-laws had treated her like their own daughter. They always supported her like her own parents would, despite the distance between Hawford and Kingbourne.
Over the years, it has always been like this.
Even when Wynter was abducted, Fabian was extremely worried to the point that his health suffered. In respect of familial bonds, Marie shouldn't have brought up the topic of divorce on such a joyous occasion. Ultimately, it might be Fabian who would be most embarrassed.
But Marie still took a gamble. "Yes, Dad. I want to divorce Shane."
Many people gasped when they saw her speak with such directness.
All the guests awaited Fabian's reaction.
For someone of his age, this was a slap in the face. Surely Fabian would
"Alright, I have no ions."
What?
No one could keep up with the pace things were going.
Fabian chuckled and said, "When you married into the family, your mom and I said we'd treat you like our own daughter. Over the years, you've been filial to your in-laws, capable and considerate. My grandsons are all talented, and Sevie always thinks of me.
"You've raised the children well. Marie, you've worked hard for so many years. Originally, you could have had your own career, but my son didn't have that vision."
"Just do what you want. As long as you still recognize me as your dad in the future, it's fine," he added.
Fabian's words essentially implied that his worthless son was not worthy of Marie.
The guests were shocked and didn't know how to react.
They were all aware that Fabian had limited education when he was young and tended to be flamboyant in his actions. He was considered the least likely candidate to run the company in the Quinnell family. However, he had a kind of aura that commanded respect.
Now they had finally seen it with their own eyes.
Fabian didn't even hesitate to criticize his own son.
At that moment, Shane instinctively turned to Declan, hoping his uncle would intervene on his behalf.
With their shared last names, Shane expected Declan to defend him. Otherwise, his standing within the company would suffer.
Declan remained silent. He only sighed heavily when Shane looked at him. His gaze was filled with apparent disapproval.
From an ive perspective, Declan couldn't find fault in the situation.
Things had reached such a point. Shane didn't want this marriage to end nor could he afford to cause any more trouble.
If he had recognized even a fraction of his mistake along the way, things wouldn't have escalated to this point.
All Shane had focused on was adopting Naomi and safeguarding his reputation.
But now, he has lost everything.
Years of being a devoted husband crumbled with the ruin of an engagement party.
No one came to his defense. Instead, they all accused him.
With Fabian's approval, Marie didn't even spare Shane a second glance.
She walked past him with her sons and daughter and engrossed herself in lively conversation with the guests.
It appeared that Shane didn't matter to her at all!
###chapter572
Chapter 572 The Mastermind Behind the Scenes 
That’s precisely what fueled Shane’s anger even more. However, he couldn’t bring himself to chase after 
her. He had his dignity to uphold! 
Naomi grew anxious. “Dad, please go talk nicely to Mom. She won’t really go through with the divorce.” 
“If she wants a divorce, then let her have it!” Shane loosened his tie. Sweat beaded on his forehead and 
his eyes blazed with fury. 
Naomi couldn’t fathom how her usually sharp–witted father couldn’t see the gravity of the situation. 
How could he allow the divorce to become a certainty at such an event? 
What was she going to do after today! 
The timing of the documents in Marie’s hands couldn’t have been more perfect. 
Without them, she wouldn’t have been so resolute to divorce Shane today. 
The most cunning aspect of this strategy was that it eliminated any chance of Naomi using Shane and her to get closer to the Quinnell and Whitman family. 
Even Tobias found himself puzzled. “Mom, how did you suddenly piece everything together?” 
He and his brothers had all assumed that divorce was a process that would require time. It was something that could only happen if Marie truly let go.
After all, youthful love wasn’t something that could be easily forgotten. 
They certainly hadn’t expected it to happen so quickly. 
Sebastian got straight to the point. “Mom, where did you get those documents from?” 
The timing seemed too perfect. 
It was almost as if the document had been strategically placed in his mother’s hands to coincide with the th the 
banquet. 
Marie smiled. “It was Dalton. He said that if he did more work, Sevie wouldn’t have to strain her mind as much and could catch a bit more sleep.” 
The three brothers, who had just raised their wine glasses, paused simultaneously. 
Tobias chuckled. “Indeed, tycoons do have a knack for winning hearts without showing their faces.” 
Sebastian adjusted his glasses. Is this his way of making up for missing the event?” 
Their younger sister had only just returned. They weren’t in a rush to see her married off immediately. 
“Wynter, what’s on your mind?” Elliot asked Wynter. 
Wynter’s attention drifted away from the conversation. She paused to listen for a moment then said, guys stay with Mom. I’ll go take a look around.” 
“You 
Chapter 572 The Mastermind Behind the Scenes
Her primary ive was to get a better read on Declan. 
He had always been aligned with Fabian. 
Despite Shane’s appeals, Declan had chosen not to intervene. 
It left Wynter feeling unsettled about him. Individuals she couldn’t decipher always stirred a sense of 
unease within her. 
Instinctively, she reached for the lucky token hanging from her waist. 
“What’s your take on it? Could it be him?” she whispered. 
“Master, as you instructed, while they were focused on you, I observed the surroundings. Some of the 
people here do seem suspicious, especially those who argued with you. I’ll explain the details later.” The 
resentful infant hovered over the lucky token as a faint wisp of smoke wafted upward. 
“Regarding the person you specifically asked me to monitor, I couldn’t get close. He possesses a 
protective charm.” 
Wynter’s gaze shifted towards Declan, deep in thought. 
“But Master, he doesn’t seem to fit the profile of the culprit from last time. Something feels off.” 
The resentful infant hopped around, eyeing the little cakes nearby.
“Maybe you should ask your sisters.” 
When the twins were mentioned, she thought hard. “His voice isn’t right. That person isn’t as healthy.” 
‘Isn’t as healthy‘ was a peculiar way to describe someone. 
Wynter waited for everyone to join the scene. Even in the previous moments, she remained silent and just 
observed. 
From her perspective, Declan was likely the mastermind behind the scenes. 
For one, she couldn’t figure out the person in her dreams. Additionally, it was evident that Declan placed belief in fortune–telling and even practiced it himself. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>>
###chapter573
Chapter 573 Mr. Yarwood 
Wynter naturally thought of Declan because Shane trusted him. 
But Leo and her sisters all told her it wasn’t him… 
Wynter was lost in her thoughts. 
She only heard Arianna’s voice in the banquet within the dream. 
She still had yet to find the other voice. 
Was the disturbance not big enough? 
Wynter’s fingertips touched the lucky coin, and she looked around casually without moving. 
Shane was still struggling. Naomi stood beside him, looking pitiful as she said, “Dad, please don’t do this.” 
“Can you see any problems with her?” Wynter casually raised her hand and took a glass of wine. 
Leo jumped twice. “I didn’t notice anything strange. It’s just that people listen to her too much. Master, I know there’s a kind of witchcraft underground that can influence people’s thoughts.” 
“Witchcraft?” Wynter asked casually. “Are you talking about what’s recorded in Edraian scriptures?” 
Leo blinked its eyes. “I haven’t read books. I just heard about it. That lord from the underground told me about it a long time ago. Chaos should know! 
“Master, you can ask Chaos. It used to be the favorite mount of that lord.” 
Wynter’s eyes were fixed on Leo when she heard this. “In the future, there’s only Wolf by my side, not
Chaos. He is Wolf. Remember that.” 
“Yes! Master!” The twins dragged Leo back. 
The three little ones stayed there, invisible to others. 
“Why do you always talk about Chaos‘ past when Master doesn’t like to hear it?” 
“Chaos has emerged, and he’s going to bring calamity to the world. What choice will Master make when 
the time comes?” 
“Chaos is fine now. He just scared us that day. He didn’t harm us and even played with us. Do you think 
he’s too gentle now?” 
Leo dropped its ears. “I spoke too hastily. Will Master not like me anymore?” 
“It’s hard to say. I heard from my friends below that creatures like us should obey her orders. Many of 
those cultivators make them do things. Have you c 
Leo shook its head. 
“She only gives us clothes and snacks.” 
seen her make us do things?” 
seen her 
Chapter 573 Mr. Yarwood
“That’s not the main point. The main point is that she still pays us respect.” 
“Alas… Why did you make Master sad?” 
Leo wanted to cry. 
the 
ореа. 
If Wynter hadn’t taken a piece of cake and tapped the lucky coin and purple sugilite pendant, they would 
still be in that sad state. 
Now the three little ones just blinked in confusion. 
Wynter was still looking at Naomi, but she moved her hand toward them. “Didn’t you want to eat just 
now? You can have them, but don’t eat too much.” 
“Okay!” 
Now the three little ones were ecstatic! 
Fabian was still chatting with Declan. 
Shane and Naomi were shameless enough not to leave, but no one spoke to them anymore. 
It was completely different from when they first arrived. Not even Arianna was standing close to them.
The most eerie one among them was Winnie. She looked like she was defending Marie, but was actually helping Naomi all along. 
Wendy’s motives could be explained easily. After all, she and Naomi were in the same boat. The two of them liked to ostracize others. 
But what about Winnie? What was she aiming for? 
Winnie might be the breakthrough if there was witchcraft! 
Just as Wynter was about to approach Winnie, the content on the big screen suddenly changed! 
“Have you heard? The young lady of the Quinnell family spread a rumor by saying that Mr. Yarwood is pursuing her.”
###chapter574
No one knew who the person in the video was. 
The video only showed the marble floor on the ground. 
The videographer did it intentionally. 
At that moment, everyone’s eyes were focused on the screen. 
“Mr. Yarwood has called off the engagement with the Quinnell family, so how could he possibly pursue 
Ms. Quinnell actively?” 
“How do you know she’s spreading rumors?” 
The voices of the two girls were clearly edited, making it impossible to tell who they were. 
“I managed to take a photo of the person spreading the rumors.” One of the girls pointed her phone at the 
screen. 
Ronan was wearing an overcoat and carrying a birdcage. He was talking to someone, “You’ve only heard one side of the story. It’s Mr. Yarwood who’s pursuing Ms. Quinnell.” 
“He talks as if he witnessed it himself.” The person on the screen said, “Who doesn’t know he’s working for Mr. Quinnell Senior? It’s obvious who’s spreading the rumors.”
“I’m speechless. Only shameless people would spread rumors that someone is pursuing them. Don’t they see the gap between her and Mr. Yarwood?” 
The video ended here. 
The uproar at the scene was unprecedented. 
Upon learning that Wynter was Lamar, many ladies came up with their glasses to chat with her as they wanted to make friends with her. 
Those business partners of the Quinnell family were looking at her differently, praising her in front of 
Fabian. 
Many people’s actions froze when this video was played, and even their smiles seemed awkward. 
Lamar didn’t seem like a hopeless romantic no matter how they looked at it. Even if she was raised in a small place, she should at least understand basic morals and principles. They didn’t want to believe it. 
But Ronan’s appearance was too convincing! 
Wynter’s brothers also didn’t understand why Ronan would say that. 
He didn’t seem like someone who would blurt out anything, and Wynter wouldn’t make up such rumors! 
The atmosphere at the scéne grew tense. 
Everyone looked at Wynter with a strange look in their eyes. 
Tobias felt extremely distressed and subconsciously stood in front of Wynter. “Wynter.”
However, Wynter wasn’t paying attention to these people but was looking at the screen while lost in 
thought. 
Wolf’s hacking skills were something she integrated and analyzed according to her professional field. 
This video should only be the first plot. The voice was edited, and the video angles were deliberately shot 
that way. 
But, the second video shouldn’t be in this format. 
Wynter narrowed her eyes, trying to see clearly what was after that. The second video that was waiting to be played seemed to be in a different format. 
Was this… a scheme within a scheme? 
Wynter was still pondering. 
On the other side, Wendy, who was in the crowd, smiled as she was unable to hide her satisfaction. 
She had just embarrassed herself just because of Wynter! 
Now, she wanted Wynter to experience the taste of being despised! 
This bi 
gift was enough to ruin Wynter’s reputation! 
Wendy looked at the chaotic scene with satisfaction, and her gaze met Naomi’s.
She knew Naomi would still help her at critical moments. 
She was responsible for recording the video while Naomi was responsible for getting it played. It was a 
seamless plan. 
At first, Naomi was unwilling, but now she understood that none of the Quinnells were worth her sincerity. 
Wynter would become a social pariah soon! 
It was impossible for her to inherit the Quinnell Corporation! 
The shareholders indeed began to hesitate, and the business partners were also discussing it. 
Marie protected Wynter. “Sevie is not someone who would do this. There’s a misunderstanding here.”
###chapter575
Chapter 575 I Said It 
“Mrs. Quinnell, how can you explain what Ronan said? The video was clear!” Wendy couldn’t help but 
shout. 
Arianna, who had been trying to pull her away, didn’t stop her at this moment. 
After all, Arianna was happy to see Wynter embarrassing herself! 
At that moment, all the pressure was on the Quinnell family. 
“Ronan’s words are indeed hard to explain.” 
“It’s almost certain that it was the young lady of the Quinnell family who spread the rumors. She’s probably afraid that Mr. Yarwood would want to call off the engagement again.” 
“The Yarwood family must look down on her. Otherwise, they would be present.” 
“You’re right. Ronan has been following Mr. Quinnell Senior’s orders for many years. Ms. Quinnell really knows how to stir things up.” 
“I’m afraid even Mr. Quinnell Senior’s reputation will be damaged this time!” 
Listening to the discussions around her, Wendy felt even more pleased. “Mrs. Quinnell, why don’t you tell 
me who taught Ronan to say those words? Could it be us?” 
Just as she was about to laugh, a deep male voice suddenly sounded the next moment. 
“It was me.”
All eyes turned to the man walking over from the other side. 
He was dressed differently from usual today. 
Previously, he always wore pure black, but this time he deliberately wore a deep red suit, with a pocket 
watch in the breast pocket of his jacket. It accentuated his aristocratic features, making him look like a nobleman from the 19th century. 
He still wore the same bracelet on his wrist. As he strode toward them, his long legs, broad shoulders, 
and narrow waist exuded the air of a nobleman. 
He was the center of attention wherever he went. 
Even the suit he wore seemed to emit a halo under the lights. 
Wendy looked at him as he approached, and her mind went blank. She did not know what the other party 
had said. 
“Mr–Mr. Yarwood.” Wendy’s face turned red, her voice unusually shy. 
However, Dalton’s deep eyes were as black as night, and his exquisitely beautiful features now radiated an unprecedented coldness. 
“Ms. Winston, I’m afraid you need to regain a bit of rationality and listen carefully to what I have to say.” 
He spoke slowly. Perhaps because he had just coughed, his tone was magnetic and irresistible. “I was the one who taught Ronan what to say. I have always admired Wynter. It was only after she came to
Kingbourne that she gradually accepted me. It was me who pursued her.” 
With that, Daiton looked around. “I heard everyone’s comments.” 
“Since all the elders are present, I’ll make it clear to prevent any misunderstandings in the future.” Dalton was polite as he smiled gently and said, “My fiancee is from a small town. She doesn’t socialize, she doesn’t like the petty competitions between socialites, and she won’t ostracize anyone.” 
“Of course, those who insist on ostracizing her can try.” Dalton played with the bracelet. 
In that instant, the aura he emanated made everyone’s heart race. 
It was the innate aura of a king, imposing without anger. 
No one could afford to provoke Dalton.
###chapter576
Dalton was known as the tyrant of Sorzada City, and the scion of the Kingbourne. 
When he was healthy, he would destroy whoever made the Yarwood family unhappy. 
They all knew what he was like when he dealt with people. Who would dare to cross the line? Wasn’t this as good as seeking death? 
Some bosses quickly said, “Mr. Yarwood, why does your fiancee bother with what circles she belongs to? 
Others would want to join her circle!” 
Dalton nodded at Bradley Holt. “Mr. Holt, you’re right. I also hope that she will not be coveted or manipulated in the future. However, I came a little late.” 
Wendy shook her head as she listened to his words. “No. I don’t believe it! How could you possibly like 
her?” 
“She’s beautiful, kind–hearted, and naive. Why wouldn’t I like her?” Dalton looked at her with eyes devoid 
of any emotion. 
Beautiful, kind–hearted, and naive? 
Everyone looked at Wynter. 
She might be beautiful, but was she naive?
Dalton didn’t care how others looked at Wynter. He walked to her side, and his eyes contained a genuine 
smile. 
He had never been in this state before, as if he had shed all his aloofness and pride, leaving only endless 
tenderness. 
Even the aura of hostility around him had diminished. He turned to Wynter and apologized softly, “I’m sorry for being late. I had to go catch someone and deal with a few things.” 
Wynter looked at him while chewing on her mint candy. “You’re not late, but your description of me as naive seems a little insulting.” 
“You’ve always been like that.” Dalton couldn’t help but laugh, reaching out to pat her head. “You go eat something first and leave the rest to me.” 
Wynter nodded and asked suddenly, “Has Wolf been with you all this time?” 
“Yeah. Mrs. Quinnell let me have him. He helped me with some things.” Dalton didn’t hide this fact, patting her again. “Go watch the show over there and find a good spot, ordered some cheesecake for you.” 
He could even change the menu here. 
The Quinell brothers all doted on Wynter, and they didn’t want Dalton as their brother–in–law. They naturally felt that a thief had snatched away their family’s treasure. 
Although this thief was top–notch in every aspect, they still felt unhappy. 
But now, the most important thing was to deal with this video and Wendy! 
Wendy hadn’t realized her current situation yet. 
Maybe she did realize it, but she didn’t want to admit it! 
For many years, Dalton didn’t even glance at her. Even when she saw him coughing, he just had his bodyguard deal with it when she handed him a handkerchief! 
Everyone in the circle knew that he was like a godly exce 
It was normal for him to look down on her because he didn’t care about anyone. 
Even Naomi, who was so outstanding, had never had a conversation with him. 
But now, he actually admitted that he was actively pursuing that bumpkin in front of so many people! 
Wendy clenched her fists and said in a hoarse voice, “You deliberately said this because you don’t want to see the Quinnell family go down like this, right? The Quinnell family will lose their reputation because she embarrassed herself.” 
“It must be so! You’ve also said that a girl’s reputation is very important and shouldn’t be ruined.”
###chapter577

Arianna wanted to pull Wendy away. "Wendy, are you crazy?"
Wendy couldn't possibly be this foolish!
Didn't she see what Dalton did? He specifically came to support Wynter!
Wendy seemed to have lost her sanity. "Mom, listen to me. He couldn't possibly fall for a country bumpkin like her. What topics could he have with that bumpkin? He's such a dignified person!"
Arianna wished she could slap Wendy again.
But Wendy's strength was surprisingly strong. No matter how she tried to stop Wendy, she couldn't.
Wendy's heart turned cold when she saw everyone looking at her like she was crazy. She rushed to Naomi and grabbed her hand. "Naomi, you know best. We've both been observing him for so many years. He has rejected you countless times. He couldn't possibly fall for an outsider like her. Speak up, Naomi!"
Naomi had been stunned since Dalton appeared.
She had never expected him to come to the banquet.
The Quinnell family had held countless banquets before.
On her birthday, Shane went to invite Dalton in person. Even Fabian was willing to attend the party.
Dalton, on the other hand, had always sent his regards but never showed up.
Didn't he break off the engagement?
Why would he say that he liked that bitch?
How could he possibly like that bitch?
When did they even meet?
Why had no one ever told her about it?
Had all the people she arranged in the Quinnell family died?
Naomi's mind was even more chaotic than Wendy's, and the current situation had exceeded her expectations!
Even Shane didn't know when Wynter met Dalton.
It was the first time he saw this expression on Dalton.
His face was full of disdain, and there was an innate air of superiority, with a hint of indifference.
Even when he talked about business or dealt with betrayals, he never showed any emotional fluctuations.
People of their stature thought that Dalton was unfathomable and had never treated him as a junior.
However, he was acting differently because of Wynter.
It was as if a deity had descended from the skies, directly turning into the most lethal demon into an angel overnight.
"Naomi!" Wendy kept shouting.
Naomi couldn't accept the reality before her at all.
Did it happen in Southdale?
In a flash of inspiration, she suddenly remembered something.
He had gone to Southdale for treatment!
It was Southdale again!
Naomi clenched her fists. Why hadn't that bitch died in Southdale?
When she was in Southdale, she felt that she and Dalton were not on the same wavelength!
She never expected that Wynter would hook up with the man she loved the most while in Southdale! Wynter was simply despicable!
But Naomi wasn't like Wendy. She knew very well that she couldn't show these emotions now.
She spoke softly, as if very affectionate. "Wendy, I have always hoped that he would turn around and look
at me. But since he has found the woman he loves, we should bless him. As long as he's happy."
Naomi's words were very appealing.
However, Wendy didn't understand. "No! You're not like this!"
"Wendy..." Naomi seemed helpless.
Nevertheless...
###chapter578
Chapter 578 The Plot Twist 
Since Dalton took action, there was no way he would leave any room for her to maneuver. 
He didn’t care whether Wendy was a bitch or not, and it had nothing to 
do with him. 
But since Wynter was implicated, he would definitely intervene and deal with Wendy. 
“Somebody just said that the most important thing for a woman is propriety and 
integrity.” 
Don’t 
Dalton’s eyes narrowed, falling on a wealthy woman in the crowd who wasn’t particularly prominent. “Mrs.. Craig, neither of these individuals shows restraint in expressing their admiration for me. there’s a problem with that? Yet when it comes to the person I’m engaged to, her. Why is the same behavior acceptable for these two individuals but not for 
Jaelyn Craig quickly said, “That’s different. Naomi has been-” 
3 
I criticize and 
you think 
condemn 
fiancee?
them. Their 
“It’s indeed different,” Dalton interrupted her in a calm voice. “Wynter is my fiancee. As for these two… I have rejected them privately more than once and have never shown any intention toward 
behavior has long had an impact on me.” 
Dalton’s face had a certain allure to it, yet his expression only conveyed coldness now. “Who will bear that responsibility if my fiancee misunderstands me?” 
“Furthermore, Mrs. Winston, did you teach Wendy to constantly covet other people’s fiances and destroy other people’s relationships?” Dalton practically named each person and lectured them. 
“I should congratulate you then, Mrs. Winston. You raised a daughter with the mindset of being a third wheel. I wonder if Mr. Winston Senior would be pleased to hear this,” 
“The same goes for Ms. Naomi who pestered me persistently as if it’s no big deal.” 
His tone was indifferent as if he were just stating facts, completely contrasting with the gasps of shock 
around him. 
Dalton’s words made sense now that the people present thought of it. 
Wendy and Naomi had known for a long time that Dalton had a fiancee. 
Yet Wendy still pursued him relentlessly. 
Furthermore, Naomi said something like, “I hoped that he would turn around and look at me. But since he has found the woman he loves, we should bless him. As long as he’s happy” 
Dalton being engaged wasn’t something that happened overnight.
What nonsense were they spouting? 
What was even more outrageous was that the people present were slightly moved just now. 
It seemed as though whether it was in movies, novels, or reality, people subconsciously resonated with secret admirers. 
love, while the female lead pined for him endlessly. 
And then, most people would support her and sympathize with her. 
Naomi was such a character. If this were in a novel, she would definitely bo 
wouldn’t resonate with unrequited love? 
But was such a person really pitiable? 
the female lead, as who 
A person who secretly admired someone, who was single, couldn’t hide their emotions. 
True secret admiration meant not daring to disturb or approach the other party, and people around 
wouldn’t even know. 
It would stop abruptly when the other party found someone they loved. 
The other party had the right to reject, and the unrequited lover was not at fault. 
However, it wasn’t a good thing if they persisted in expressing their feelings after learning the other party was in a relationship by saying things like, “I’m not trying to break you up. I just like you.”
The ladies present put themselves in the situation, thought about it for a moment, and imagined if it were their husbands receiving such messages every day.
###chapter579
Capter 579 A Slap in Their Face 
Some of them would tear those bitches apart! 
When they looked at Wynter, they saw her holding pastries, and her lips slightly parted as she watched the 
scene. 
They felt that she was really good at keeping her composure. 
She resembled Marie for sure! 
But there were others, like Winnie, who were weird. Even though Winnie clearly understood these 
principles, she still wanted to speak up for Naomi at this moment. 
She pinched her own hand to suppress the strange feeling! 
Even Tobias was somewhat affected. He would have fallen for Naomi’s trap if Dalton had not spoken up. 
This was something he had always found puzzling. He clearly knew that he disliked Naomi, but when he 
faced her, he would pity her, as if she were seriously ill. 
Tobias furrowed his brows, planning to talk to Wynter about this matter. 
What he didn’t know was that someone had already informed Wynter of the situation. 
Leo, who hadn’t reincarnated for several lifetimes, was more sensitive to the changes in people’s
emotions. 
“Master, something’s not right just now.” 
Leo even stopped absorbing the cake. An unborn soul, or deceased spirit, couldn’t eat like living beings. Instead of eating, they absorbed. 
For example, when a cake was absorbed by an unborn soul, it would lose all its sweetness and aroma. When eaten by humans, it would be like chewing on wax. 
He leaned against Wynter’s shoulder as if wanting to see more clearly. “The atmosphere has changed. Someone has affected the magnetic field of the banquet. Master, can you see those black mis+?” 
Wynter couldn’t see them before, but now, she could capture some traces. 
“Are you talking about the black mists rising behind each person?” 
Leo nodded. “Those are not good things, Master. That sponsee who’s always finding fault with you is very strange. It seems like she can naturally make others stand on her side.” 
“I’ve never encountered such a phenomenon before.” 
“Look at their emotions. They’re all stirred up because of her.” 
Leo jumped from her to Tobias‘ head. “Master, Tobias‘ condition is very severe. It’s really strange.” 
“Yes, it’s very strange.” 
There was no one seeking spiritual guidance and no one wearing accessories. Even Naomi herself was just talking nonsense. 
But it still had an impact.
Wynter’s gaze fell on Dalton when she thought of this. 
Hmm… Dalton wasn’t affected. 
Compared to his personal burdens, the insignificant black mist was simply nothing. 
Even so, Wynter still asked politely, “Why was he not affected?” 
“Are you kidding me? Who can affect that person’s mood? You know, he’s…” Leo’s tongue almost slipped. 
The twins coughed heavily. “Master!” 
Leo shivered as he almost blurted out some secrets. 
Why didn’t he learn his lesson? 
“What is he?” Wynter glanced at Leo who was obviously hiding something. 
Leo drooped his ears and suddenly raised his head. “The favorite of the heavens! Master, didn’t you 
borrow fortune from him?” 
Wynter lowered her gaze, looking at Leo with a more serious gaze. 
“Master, the atmosphere has changed again.” The twins rescued Leo timely. “That person seems to be 
here too!” 
Wynter didn’t forget about her mission today. “Where is he?”
“The signal is very weak. I can’t tell, but I can feel discomfort.” Carol hadn’t forgotten how that person used Dora to cultivate. She hated that person so much!
###chapter580
But Carol hated herself more for not having the ability to know who the other person was! 
Wynter’s face paled. “There’s no need to 
modern tools.” 
Sh. It’s 
dsy to find him. Solving a case sometimes relies on 
Wynter said as she raised her hand to glance at the time. “It’s 8:10 pm now. As long as we check all the 
guests who arrived around this time, we can pie culprit.” 
“How do we check?” Even though the twins‘ thinking was mature, they were still children at heart. 
Wynter smiled. “By hacking into the surveillance system. It’s simple.” 
But her handsome fiance had to return the favor to her first. 
As she was just about to walk over, Shane said, “Dalton, you’ve misunderstood. Naomi has grown up under my care since childhood. She just likes you too much. She has never been clingy. What you said 
was too much.” 
Shane, who self–proclaimed himself as Dalton’s father–in–law, had already given himself an out. Dalton should show him respect and let the matter pass.
However, Dalton’s smile grew deeper. “Mr. Quinnell, the one who has an engagement with me is Wynter. 
Everyone saw how these two made things difficult for her. 
“Before I came, I didn’t believe what my subordinates reported. After all, how could you let your own biological daughter suffer? 
“Now it seems that I was narrow–minded. Mr. Quinnell, you don’t care about Wynter at all. Instead, you treat a sponsee who is full of greed as a treasure. 
“Forgive me for being blunt, but you are indeed not suitable to take over the Quinnell Corporation.” 
He wasn’t speaking politely. He was practically rubbing Shane’s face on the ground back and forth! 
Naomi’s expression froze, and Shane was angry but dared not speak! 
His neck was burning, and he wished he could disappear on the spot! 
But that was exactly what he did–leave with Naomi! 
They should have left just now; they shouldn’t have stayed! 
Wendy couldn’t believe that he would speak of her like this, so she creamed like crazy, “I’m not a third 
party! Is it wrong to like you?” 
Dalton’s expression darkened, and he said calmly, “You just like me? Haven’t you done anything else?” 
At his words, Wendy suddenly felt a chill down her spine. 
She had never seen Dalton like this before.
Looking at him was like looking at a corpse. There was no warmth in his beautiful black eyes. 
“Ms. Winston, you should think carefully before you speak.” 
Wendy’s mouth was agape as she took two steps back in fear. 
However, this was just the beginning. 
When Shane and Naomi tried to leave, their path was directly b 
bloc 
It was the Shadows from the Yarwood family. More than a dozen startling even some of the guests who had just arrived. 
them were dressed in black suits, 
Jaelyn, who had just stepped on Wynter’s foot, was trembling now because the black–clad bodyguards also blocked her path! 
Shane was afraid too, but his face showed anger. “Dalton, what are you doing?” 
“The show isn’t over yet, so I have to request you to stay and watch the show.” Dalton spoke as he played with his bracelet. Standing tall in the center of the crowd, he didn’t have the slightest appearance of 
nearing his end. They said he wouldn’t live long, but was it true? 
Even though his complexion was pale, people could not feel his weakness but endless darkness when 
they met his gaze. Even if he looked sickly, the curve of his lips was comparable to a demon coming”
revenge after a light cough.
###chapter581
Chapter 581 Wendy and Naomi Are Done For 
“Mr. Quinnell, it’ll be better for you to come back. After all, you know what the Yarwood family’s bodyguards can do.” 
Shane’s eyes were red with anger. “Are you threatening me? This.. 
the Quinnell family’s banquet!” 
Dalton looked 
“You’re right, and I’m the Quinnell family’s son–in–law. I’ve already consulted toward the second floor where Fabian was leaning on a cane. “Grandpa said you should stay and pay 
attention.” 
Although it felt satisfying to see Shane being dealt with, wasn’t Dalton calling Fabian “Grandpa” a bit too 
soon? 
Tobias turned his head, wanting to find some solidarity from his brothers. 
But to his surprise, no one looked at him; they were all looking at Fabian. 
Well, Fabian really hid himself well. 
He always loved Wynter dearly, so how could he tolerate all these things? He seemed calm despite the chaos earlier, but it turned out he was just waiting for the right moment to combine forces with Dalton
and unleash his ultimate move! 
Fabian had spoken, so how could Shane leave? 
Shane flung his hand angrily while gritting his teeth. “I want to see what tricks you’re playing! Dalton, you should also think about the reputation of the Yarwood family before you act.” 
“You don’t need to bother about the matters of the Yarwood family, Mr. Quinnell.” Dalton flicked the nonexistent ash off his suit and raised his voice. “Wolf, restore the surveillance footage and let everyone 
see the truth.” 
Suddenly, someone tapped on the microphone, and the entire venue could hear it. 
Dalton understood the meaning behind it. “I’ll add another 100 thousand dollars. Play it.” 
As soon as he finished his sentence, the big screen lit up again! 
This time the video changed, and there was a timestamp. 
It looked like footage from the banquet, but it was too dark to see clearly, and there was only a faint light 
around. 
This was… 
“Last night!” 
Indeed, it was last night.
The venue had just been set up. 
A figure cautiously walked forward as if afraid of being noticed. 
Chapter 581 Wendy and Nabmi Are Done For 
But when she approached Myles William, she smiled sweetly. “Mr. William, I have a video I want to give to 
Wynter tomorrow. Please watch my actions tomorrow. I want to give Wynter a surprise.” 
Originally, the camera didn’t capture the person’s face. 
But Myles‘ words revealed her identity. “Ms. Naomi, you’re so kind–hearted. You’ve been bringing us 
snacks and afternoon tea every day for the past few days, and we’ve even received generous rewards.” 
“All of you have been working hard to set up the venue for Wynter. I can’t help much, so it’s just a token of 
my appreciation. As long as you don’t mind.” The lady smiled gently. “But please don’t tell anyone about this surprise. It’s between us. You know, my position in the Quinnell family is very sensitive. I might make 
Wynter hate me even more.” 
Myles promised her. “Don’t worry. I won’t tell anyone. Ms. Naomi, you take care of yourself too. I heard Ms. Quinnell isn’t easy to get along with. Alas…”
The conversation continued. 
In the end, Myles had an extra USB flash drive in his hand. 
When the video played to this point, those who were clever already knew what was going on. 
As soon as the video appeared, Naomi’s face turned pale. She tried to contact Myles, but there was no response! 
Instead, it was Dalton who spoke again. “Wolf, restore the original video from the USB flash drive.” 
Original video? What did that mean? 
Soon, people understood what it meant! 
It was the footage from before, where someone claimed that the “The young lady of the Quinnell family spread a rumor by saying that Mr. Yarwood was pursuing her.“! 
The difference this time was that the footage was vertical! 
And the identity of the person talking was revealed! 
It was Wendy! 
It turned out to be Wendy!?
###chapter582

Chapter 582 Exposing Naomi
The scene instantly became somewhat chaotic.
Everyone was whispering among themselves.
After all, the Winston family's strict upbringing didn't seem like it would produce such a person.
But this was the truth.
The Winstons clearly wanted to scheme against Wynter at the banquet!
Naomi accused others of spreading rumors, but in reality, she was the one with malicious intentions toward Wynter!
Faced with the surrounding discussions, Wendy was in a panic!
Before this, she could still excuse herself by claiming she was just Lamar's fan, and her attacks on Wynter were not out of jealousy, but now the footage on the video screen was like a slap in her face!
No one would believe her anymore. Almost everyone in the audience knew that her despicable actions were aimed at Wynter!
No!
Wendy couldn't let herself be ruined like this. In her panic, she grabbed a waiter. "Turn it off! Turn it off now!"
Her voice was extremely harsh, and people only now realized that the young lady of the Winston family was repulsive and truly lacked manners!
At this moment, Arianna felt like dying.
She really didn't expect Wendy to be so audacious!
Wendy actually schemed against the Yarwood family!
Maybe the Quinnell family wouldn't figure it out if something happened to them.
But what kind of family was the Yarwood family? Dalton didn't care about any family bonds!
Arianna clenched her fists. This wasn't just about Wendy; it was also about Naomi!
Naomi was the one who gave the USB flash drive to Myles!
She tried to harm Wynter by using Wendy!
Arianna had been in the Kingbourne ladies' circle for so long; she wasn't someone to be trifled with! She immediately dragged Naomi, who wanted to hide, over. "Why did you drag Wendy into this? Shane treated you like his own daughter, but you wanted to harm his biological daughter! You're truly vicious!" In an instant, the focus shifted to Naomi!
"I didn't do it! The video I gave Mr. William was not this one; it was about Dad missing Wynter. I don't know how it turned into this."
Naomi was indeed clever; she immediately tried to distance herself!
"I can confront Mr. William!"
Naomi dared to say this because she had already instructed Myles to leave at a set time after playing the video.
She had given him enough money, and he should already be on the plane at this point.
However, how could anyone be let off so easily with Dalton present?
"Mr. Lloyd, it's your turn to come out."
His voice was calm, and the wine-red suit perfectly offset the pallor of his face.
At this moment, people could not feel the academic air he usually exuded but rather the inherent pressure emanating from him.
The "Mr. Lloyd" mentioned by Dalton was none other than Ryan, who had regarded Wynter as his best friend back in Southdale.
Since Wynter was brought back to the Quinnell family, he had been vigilant.
Ryan had been working at the Quinnell Corporation for a long time, and he knew more about the complexities of the Quinnell Corporation and the entanglement of interests between the aristocratic families.
At first, he was really worried that Wynter would be bullied when she returned to the Quinnell family. After all, Marie was mentally incapacitated, and Shane doted on Naomi. These young masters and young ladies from the aristocratic families all looked down on Wynter.
He had heard their condescending remarks more than once, saying that Wynter was just a bumpkin.
Ryan almost couldn't hold back, but it was at this moment that Dalton found him and asked him to pay attention to the movements of these people and the details of the banquet.
Sure enough, he immediately caught a "traitor"!
###chapter583
Chapter 583 It’s Over 
Ryan, with his chubby hands, dragged a middle–aged man over, followed by the Yarwood family’s bodyguards. 
He grinned and said. “You wanted to confront someone, right? I brought him here.” 
Bang! 
Ryan threw the man at Naomi’s feet. 
As soon as the middle–aged man raised his head, he shouted, “Ms. Naomi, save me! Mr. Lloyd said I leaked the video and didn’t follow the rules. I told him the USB flash drive was given to me by you, 
they don’t believe me. Miss Naomi-” 
“Shut up!” Naomi was no longer gentle and weak like before. At this moment, she seemed to have completely exposed her true nature and had a poisonous glint in her eyes. “The video I gave you was clearly my father missing Wynter!” 
“Who exactly instructed you to frame me?” 
but 
The middle–aged man was stunned. He did not expect that Naomi, who had always been considerate to them, would say such things. “I didn’t! Ms. Naomi, don’t you remember? You personally delivered this USB flash drive. It’s because it was you that we didn’t check the content of the video.”
“Enough!” Naomi clenched her fists. “He’s full of lies! Take him away!” 
At this moment, her anger was no longer concealed. 
People were already astonished, and they couldn’t believe that this was Naomi’s true nature. After all, she always spoke softly, so how could she be like this now, seemingly a bit mentally unstable? 
Shane also realized that this matter was most likely true. 
Naomi intentionally gave the video to Myles, and even if something happened, Wendy would be the one who took the fall in the end as long as Myles wasn’t found out. 
The people present could also guess what Shane guessed. 
They looked at Naomi differently now. 
Even though there might be some special magnetic field influencing them, people’s aversion to her was real at that moment. Only Shane was thinking about how to stabilize the situation. 
Naomi was his lucky star. 
Only if Naomi was fine could he continue to rise. 
He would always recall the divination he received on the mountain. 
And it had been proven true too. When Naomi was around, nothing happened. 
As soon as Wynter returned, he lost everything! 
Chapter 583 It’s Over 
Naomi couldn’t be ruined! She was the cornerstone of his comeback! 
“Ryan, you are in charge of the banquet. How could your subordinates release the video so casually without your consent?” 
At this point, Shane took on his CEO demeanor. “Every process at the Quinnell Corporation requires approval. Do you dare to say that you didn’t watch this video?” 
Shane’s goal was simple–to shift the blame onto Ryan. 
When Dalton heard this, he instinctively pursed his lips. “Mr. Lloyd did watch it. It was because he, Mr. Quinnell Senior, and I watched it together that we decided to release it to let you see. Mr. Quinnell Senior wants to know how you would handle it in such a situation. 
“Now it seems that you’ll distort right and wrong and disregard your dignity for the sake of protecting a sponsee.” 
Shane’s hands were trembling with anger. 
But Dalton just smiled lightly and said, “But it doesn’t matter. As long as everyone present understands what happened.” 
“Ethan, take them away and send them to the police station. We’ll let the professionals investigate; there will definitely be results.” 
Dalton wanted to send them to the police station? 
For the Winston family, this was indeed a huge humiliation. Arianna couldn’t imagine how angry Clyde 
uld be when he heard this news.
It was too embarrassing! Wendy was taken to the police station because of jealousy! 
Moreover, it happened at such a banquet. 
Wendy’s life was over as a young lady in the socialite circle. No one would introduce her to any good marriage candidates again.
###chapter584
Chapter 584 Announcing the Quinnell Corporation’s Successor 
Disregarding those families with similar backgrounds, even those a level lower wouldn’t curry favor with the Winston family. 
Arianna’s mind was racing with thoughts on what to do. 
Wendy was struggling, and Naomi was struggling too. However, the bodyguards of the Yarwood family were different from those of ordinary aristocratic families; they were loyal servants who obeyed the 
orders of their masters. 
Shane couldn’t stop them, and he was forcefully pinned to the ground. 
Red wine spilled on his white suit, making him look extremely disheveled. 
Shane couldn’t bear it. He yelled at Marie, “She’s also our daughter. Even if there’s no blood relation between us, she’s been by your side for so many years. How can you bear to do this?” 
“No, I’ve never acknowledged it. Shane, you just took advantage of the fact that my mind wasn’t clear back then!” Marie’s eyes were burning with fire. “People can scold me for being heartless today, but I will never have a person who has always been plotting against Wynter and always trying to replace her by my 
side! 
“I’d already held myself back by not slapping her earlier!” 
What Marie hated the most was being kept in the dark for so many years. Not only did it make Wynter suffer outside, but it also broke Tobias‘ heart. This was all because Shane wanted to adopt someone
like 
How could Marie not resent Shane as a mother? 
Naomi was still crying. “Mom, save me. I was framed. You understand me, right? Before Wynter came back, we were always talking about her.” 
“Mom…” 
When Marie heard Naomi’s voice, she was momentarily dazed, and even her gaze changed. 
At that moment, Wynter held Marie’s hand, and the color of her eyes was deep as she whispered something softly to Marie. 
Others couldn’t hear her clearly, but Leo and the twins understood. 
Wynter said, “You aren’t welcome here, and you don’t belong here… Be gone!” 
The nine–character mantra! 
In that instant, all the anomalies disappeared. 
Marie’s eyes no longer wandered, and her gaze focused on Wynter. Suddenly, she reached out and 
touched Wynter’s face, as if to confirm that her beloved daughter was still there. 
Chapter 584 Announcing the Quinnell Corporation’s Successor 
“Sevie, I just heard you calling for help.” 
Wynter smiled gently at Marie. “Mom, that wasn’t me. I wouldn’t address you like that; it’s not like me.”
Shane, watching this scene, blurted out, “Sevie, are you unable to tolerate Naomi to the point that you even used your mother?” 
Anyone would deny it in a normal situation. 
However, Wynter’s eyes narrowed slightly. “Why should I tolerate her? 
“Adopting bitches is your hobby, not mine. 
“It’s good that she’ll be imprisoned. The world will be peaceful.” 
Shane wanted to argue further. 
“Sevie, not only would the bitch be imprisoned, but the one who adopted her will be imprisoned too.” Fabian raised his dragon cane with a smile. “Alexis, you go and handle it. Throw this useless son of mine 
out.” 
The Quinnells took action themselves, so what else could others say? 
Fabian didn’t even care about Shane’s unwilling roar. He smiled as he raised his head. “I invited everyone here today not only to introduce Sevie but also to make everyone a witness. Today’s events have proven that Shane is unsuitable to manage the Quinnell Corporation. The company will go bankrupt under his leadership. 
would like to take this opportunity to announce to everyone that I will officially step down as the chairman of the Quinnell Corporation in two weeks and hand over the position to Wynter.”
###chapter585
Chapter 585 Noticing Something Strange 
When Fabian finished his sentence, everyone’s movements stopped! 
This was the last thing Shane heard before being dragged away. 
Surprisingly, no one opposed it on the scene! 
This was Fabian’s strategy! 
Shane finally understood why it took so long for Wynter to be found, and why Fabian only arranged for a 
family reunion banquet now. 
Was this really a family reunion? 
This was clearly a trap set for him! 
If this news had been announced a month ago, at least half of the shareholders would have stood up in 
opposition! 
After all, many directors wanted him to succeed, and he had always maintained good relations with them. 
But today, even if they didn’t care about the Whitman family, they had to take the Yarwood family into 
consideration. Since Dalton had acted like this, no one would dare to oppose it! 
Fabian hid his trump card extremely well and used it against Shane!
Had Fabian not taken Shane as his son? 
Don’t Fabian hand over the company to him? Fabian had second thoughts about him and did not 
step down even though he was unwell. 
And as soon as Wynter came back, Fabian delegated authority to her! 
As a father, Fabian looked down on Shane! 
Even knowing that the event today would completely sever his chance of inheriting the Quinnell Corporation, Fabian still did it! What kind of father would do something like this? 
Shane’s resentment spread through his body. 
He had thought more than once that it would have been better if his biological father was Declan. 
Fabian was just a heartless machine! 
Since it had already reached this point, Fabian didn’t want to bother about what Shane thought anymore. 
The reason why the Quinnell family had become so chaotic, with his grandsons not coming home and his granddaughter being bullied by an outside 
was all because Shane was incompetent and had 
overestimated himself. 
Fabian only expelled Shane because he was Shane’s father. 
As soon as the news of Fabian’s succession was announced, people’s gazes toward Wynter changed.
Originally, they thought that they were here to meet Wynter, who was brought back from the backwoods. They didn’t expect the Quinnell family to not only reunite with her but also hand over the authority to her. 
In other words, the entire Quinnell Corporation would be at Wynter’s command from now on! 
Fabian’s move was too bold; after all, Wynter was still too young. 
Someone raised this question, and Fabian smiled and said, “In my opinion, the Quinnell family is just too conservative and some of our ideas are old–fashioned. There will be more chances to prosper now that the younger generations are taking over.” 
With that, he directly shifted the topic to Dalton. “I remember when Dalton was quite young when he took over the Yarwood family.” 
“I was 17.” Dalton treated Fabian with great respect, his eyes very affectionate as he glanced at Wynter.” Wynter has more talent in business than me, so I believe she will handle it very well. 
“But she doesn’t have to work too hard. If she’s too busy, she still has me.” 
S 
The weight of Dalton’s words was known to everyone in the business world. 
He had worked in venture capital on Winnow Street and always made a profit. 
He could casually cause the life and death of a company. 
In the past, people had desired to cooperate with him.
There was an opportunity now. After all, cooperating with the Quinnell family was equivalent to cooperating with Dalton! 
Originally, some people wanted to raise their opinions, but now they couldn’t wait to step forward and hand their business cards to Wynter! 
Wynter’s position had completely changed. 
She really didn’t need to bother with the socialite circle anymore. 
There was no other girl her age who could inherit a family business. 
Those socialites would eventually end up marrying for political alliances no matter how well they were raised. 
Wynter hadn’t expected Fabian to announce this at this time. All her attention was on Naomi, who was being taken away. 
Naomi was indeed very strange, not only because of the smell on her but also because of something else…
###chapter586
It was necessary for her to have a chat with Winnie. That was Wynter's only thought.
As soon as she moved, everyone on that side raised their glasses.
"Let us congratulate the Quinnell Corporation's new leader, Wynter!"
The host applauded, and countless cameras were focused on Wynter.
At this moment, she was undoubtedly the most dazzling figure in the whole venue!
Even the news about the Quinnell Corporation's leader had surged to the top of the trending news.
Although no photos were released, news about the Quinnell Corporation dominated the business section on this day!
Many people looked down on Wynter initially upon hearing that she was brought back from the countryside. In their hearts, Wynter was just a bumpkin, definitely not stylish, and definitely not a spender. In front of pampered young ladies like them, she was nothing.
She would embarrass herself even at the family reunion banquet, and Dalton wouldn't even spare her a glance.
They had also prepared some pranks privately to tease Wynter and teach her the rules of their circle.
But who would have thought that as soon as she arrived, not only did three of the Quinnell brothers come back for her, but even Dalton, who was high and mighty, would show such a gentle smile?
Most importantly, Fabian actually handed the Quinnell Corporation over to her!
Throughout Kingbourne, there had never been a young lady from any family who had ement!
Lived such The family reunion banquet had not only caused a sensation in the upper-class society but also among business elites.
The Quinnell Group finally had a new leader.
Among them, the happiest were Ryan and Alexis.
If leading troops into battle were used as a metaphor, no one would willingly submit to an incompetent king.
If a boss acknowledged talents, it would be the employee's good fortune.
Many people had talents, but few could be recognized.
They were excited and impressed from the bottom of their hearts when they witnessed Fabian personally handing over the Quinnell Corporation to Wynter.
They believed that the Quinnell Corporation would only get better in the future, and they also believed that Wynter would not misuse her powers by firing talented individuals for the sake of the company's factions Chapter 586
like Shane.
Employees would opt to stay in a company where those who were competent could take charge.
If a company only engaged in deception, it was not far from collapsing.
There were already many problems within the Quinnell Corporation.
With Wynter at the helm, the Quinnell Corporation would definitely be rejuvenated!
Ryan raised his glass excitedly, and Alexis, who was usually calm, also pushed up his glasses.
No one dared to step forward to stop it. Wynter had truly become the CEO of Quinnell Corporation!
However, there were still two people sighing in the venue.
"How about it, old friend? You lost the bet."
"You're really something. How could you tell that Wynter was extraordinary?"
"I just observed her. Don't try to back out now. Pay up!"
"I really didn't expect her to have such great influence. We were still at the hotel when we last saw her." 
"She could even humiliate Shane back then; what more is there to say in a situation like this?"
"But let's look at things from a different perspective. Do you really think she can manage a listed company?" 
"Old friend, think about it. Didn't you hear what Dalton said? He'll help her. Besides, always feel that Ms. Sevie ha's some tricks up her sleeve.
Just wait. She's extraordinary!" 
Indeed, some people also thought that Wynter might not be able to manage a listed company.
###chapter587
After all, this wasn’t a game. Generally, those attending such events were either involved in family businesses from a young age or graduates from business schools. 
Even the young ladies of the upper class in Kingbourne might not necessarily have experience in business management. 
But no matter how one looked at it, with Fabian publicly delegating authority, the others would also acknowledge their new leader. 
The banquet was lively. 
Many people crowded around Wynter, wanting to chat with her. After all, she also brought Dalton along. 
“Ms. Quinnell, do you feel confident about managing the company?” 
“What suggestions do you have for the recent overseas markets and investments?” 
There were also questions about recent conflicts and their impact on the economy. 
In general, business people would usually discuss such topics at these kinds of events. 
Upon hearing this, Wynter directly pulled Dalton over and said politely, “My fiance will answer your questions. Please talk to him.” 
With that, she was about to leave, but Dalton reached out and pulled her into his arms. He chuckled softly, his voice magnetic and pleasant to hear. “Do you want me to handle the situations you don’t want 
to deal with?”
He was too close to her. The difference between before the official announcement and after it was 
obvious. 
His elegant voice, mixed with warmth, hit her earlobes gently. He looked down at her, and his dark eyes 
seemed to possess a bewitching power that could easily ensnare anyone. 
Wynter could feel his breath on her, especially when he drew closer, and his nose was almost touching 
her forehead. 
In that instant, Wynter once again sensed his unusual tension, as if all sorts of creatures were entangled around him, with a looming black mist that seemed to want to engulf her whole. 
Wynter suddenly raised her head. 
Leo had begun to tremble, and even the twins didn’t dare release a breath. 
What was going on here? 
Leo was a bit puzzled. Could it be that Dalton’s affection for Wynter was fake? 
Wynter didn’t doubt it. She only had one feeling–the inexplicably deathly aura emanating from him made her furrow her brows. Wynter put her lucky coin on his hand without saying a word. “Be a good 
househusband.” 
It seemed that once this matter was resolved, she had to make a trip to Mt. Dragon. 
It wasn’t about who was behind the scenes but about someone’s fate, She wanted to find another
glimmer of hope! 
After hearing her words, Dalton smiled, coughed lightly, and said, “I mustn’t shirk my responsibilities then. Come back early. Grandpa and the whole family are waiting for you to go to the Yarwoods‘ manor.” 
“You know, they all want to see you, but not all of them can come. If they really came, the headlines wouldn’t be about you taking over Quinnell Corporation but about the Yarwood family.” 
Considering this situation, the Yarwoods didn’t show 
up, 
huh? 
E 
They didn’t want others to refer to Wynter as “the Yarwood daughter–in–law“. Instead, they wanted 
others to see her as herself, like Marie back in the day. 
Even after marriage, Marie remained dazzling. 
Other people wouldn’t refer to her as “Mrs. Quinnell” if it weren’t for her illness. 
Marie had been waiting for the Whitman family to appear and saw Shane’s true colors today. 
This included those documents. Not a single detail wasn’t enough to chill her heart. 
Shane could deny it, but he allowed such a person to stay by his side. 
Since before Wynter was born, Fiona had been plotting to make Marie have a miscarriage.
###chapter588
But as Marie’s husband, Shane still felt that she had been too sensitive after becoming pregnant. 
At that time, all she could feel was the discomfort emanating from the other party. 
Marie couldn’t quite put her finger on it. After all, Fiona had been working for the Quinnell family for quite some time. She was diligent in her work, and she listened to what Marie said. 
However, Fiona would still cause trouble behind the scenes. She was definitely going to further investigate Fiona! 
When Matie married Shane, her family didn’t agree to it. It was only because her in–laws were magnanimous that they allowed the marriage. Later, she was indeed very happy after marriage. 
Until Wynter was kidnapped… That was when she noticed the issue. At that time, Taylor warned her to be more vigilant. This matter was possibly related to Shane. 
She really couldn’t control herself, just like when she was lost in thought just now. 
Marie understood her family’s disappointment in her, but she still felt some regret and discomfort today since she didn’t see Noah and Taylor. 
After all, today was the day Wynter regained her identity. 
If only Noah and Taylor were here… They had loved Wynter the most. 
Marie remembered that Taylor sent her all sorts of supplements to help her recover quickly after giving birth, and she even teased Wynter. “When you grow up, I will give you a big estate!”
“Marie, remember to take Sevie there with you!” 
Now… Marie glanced at the entrance again before swallowing the bitterness in her throat with a sip of red 
wine. 
Sensing Marie’s emotional change, Tobias approached her, choosing his words carefully. “Mom, Dad deserves it. Don’t think about him too much. Look at us more, especially Dalton. Don’t you think he’s too good at manipulating Wynter?” 
“I don’t think so.” Marie felt more and more positive about Dalton. Such a capable son–in–law, who even gave her a lot of information to make things easier for her to get a divorce, naturally won her approval. 
stupid father? I just miss Noah and Taylor. 
Also, who said I’m upset about your 
“Tobias, don’t follow your father’s/footsteps,” Marie caressed Tobias‘ head while speaking. 
Sebastian interrupted them. “Mom, your concerns make sense. Among the six of us, only Toby is simple- minded. Look at his blue hair.” 
“A nearly 30–year–old man like you doesn’t understand anything. This is called fashion.” Tobias squinted. Sebastian, you can talk about my looks, but you can’t say that I resemble Dad. You’re humiliating me!” 
The way the brothers chatted was hilarious yet full of love. 
5
Marie had been sick for so long, but it was the first time she had seen her sons interact like this. 
It was easy to imagine how many good times she had missed out on. 
Some said that it was because of Naomi that Marie didn’t completely lose her mind. 
But no one thought about why she needed an outsider when she had her biological children. 
Originally, they thought Elliot was the most ruthless as he spent years at the border. 
Who would have thought that Sebastian would directly feed Tobias some hot sauce to shut him up? 
Marie smiled as she watched them, feeling warmth in her heart. 
Although Noah and Taylor didn’t come today, she believed that everything she lost would come back one day as long as she was sincere and patient enough. 
After all, she could hardly imagine, even to this day, that her relationship with Tobias could be restored to what it was before Wynter was kidnapped. 
Marie looked at the three handsome faces in front of her and spoke seriously. “I didn’t do a good job as a 
mother in the past. I’m sorry.”
###chapter589
“We were not good sons either.” Tobias cursed himself. “Mom, do you think I’ve inherited Dad’s genes? Why didn’t you take a closer look at yourself at the time even though you were obviously uncomfortable? I actually let Naomi, that cunning woman, stay, and I even pitied her just now. I’m done for! I have bad 
genes!” 
Just as he was speaking, a voice suddenly came from the side. 
“You pitied her?” It was Wynter. Dalton had attracted the attention of the businessmen present, and she 
was now raising her eyebrows while looking at Tobias. 
Tobias immediately explained, “Wynter, you have to believe me. I’m absolutely on your side!” 
“Why did you pity her?” Wynter didn’t care which side he was on; after all, she knew Tobias well. 
Tobias sighed. Indeed, he looked like a celebrity. “It’s just that even though I felt disgusted, there was this 
inexplicable voice in my head saying that I couldn’t let her suffer like this and that I must help her since 
she’s so pitiful. I couldn’t control myself.” 
“She looks like Wynter when Wynter was younger.” Sebastian suddenly spoke up. “But we shouldn’t pity someone just because of their appearance.
# 
Elliot raised his eyes at this moment. “I had those emotions when Naomi first arrived, but not anymore.” 
Wynter had only thought about these things before but now, she was very sure about it. 
Eliciting feelings of pity had nothing to do with the fragrance on Naomi’s body. 
It was more like… she was the protagonist of a book. It naturally made everyone like and pity her. 
Wynter played with the lucky coin. When Atwater taught her about Arcane Way, she didn’t pay much 
attention. 
What was going on? She needed to go back and look it up in the books. 
“Wynter, is there something wrong with Naomi?” Sebastian, being a lawyer, was quick–witted. 
Wynter nodded and said, “You guys stay here. I’ll go investigate.” 
She was worried that Naomi was playing with some underworld stuff that her brothers couldn’t handle. 
She was different. Atwater had said that she had a special constitution, and anything too sinister would 
retreat in front of her. 
However, even so, Wynter still found Winnie according to her earlier thoughts. 
Wynter had always felt uneasy because she couldn’t find the other voice in her dream. 
Winnie didn’t expect that Marie would still be willing to see her again. Tears filled her eyes. “Marie, I’ve been hoping you would recover all these years.”
“I’ll be the same as before in the future.” Marie also valued this sisterhood, but Winnie’s actions reminded 
her of Shane, and she didn’t understand why. “Winnie, why did you question Wynter just now and help 
Naomi instead?” 
“I…” Winnie looked confused. She was still looking for people on her phone, planning to make things smooth for Naomi. “Naomi really hasn’t done anything wrong after all these years. I…” 
“You don’t need to say anymore. You can leave.” Marie retracted her gaze, maintaining the last bit of their 
relationship. 
Winnie also felt uncomfortable as tears rolled down her eyes, but she had no awareness of what she had 
done wrong. 
Winnie thought that it was embarrassing enough for Naomi, and Naomi had paid the price for her own mistakes. She couldn’t really ruin Naomi’s life. 
However, just as Winnie was about to turn and leave, Wynter saw the accessory hanging from her clothes as they walked past each other…
###chapter590
The accessory wasn’t conspicuous. 
It was a very small wooden lotus. 
What was strange about it was the material it was made out of. It was made of wood, and not just any wood, but locust wood. 
It was so subtle on the necklace that most people wouldn’t notice it. 
Wynter wouldn’t have thought much about it if it weren’t for Winnie’s identity. 
After all, artistic people generally wouldn’t mix and match like this, especially since she was into the Frenda style. 
“Wait a moment.” Wynter suddenly spoke up. 
Winnie immediately turned back, her eyes filled with joy! 
As long as Wynter stopped her from leaving, there was still hope! 
However, Marie was somewhat puzzled. After all, she knew Wynter’s behavior very well. 
Wynter wouldn’t just stop Winnie for no reason. 
“What’s wrong, Wynter?” Marie asked first as she wanted to make it easier for Wynter to ask questions 
later. 
As the saying went, a mother knew her daughter best. Wynter smiled. “I want to take a look at Ms. Yeaton’s accessory. It looks very nice and has an ancient charm to it, which will be helpful for my future
designs.” 
If Abel were here, he would surely know that Wynter was speaking nonsense again. When had she ever 
needed help with designing jewelry? 
Marie also realized that this was just an excuse. 
There must be something wrong with Winnie’s accessory. 
It was just like before, where she had been affected by things that couldn’t be seen. 
For a moment, Marie felt somewhat nervous. After all, she and Winnie were friends. 
If Winnie’s actions were also involuntary… Marie reached out and grabbed Wynter’s hand. “Help Winnie take a look at the accessory.” 
Wynter understood Marie’s underlying meaning. “Don’t worry.” 
Winnie only felt that if Wynter was willing to look at her accessory, her relationship with Marie could still be repaired! 
She immediately removed the accessory hanging from her clothes and handed it to Wynter. “Sevie, take 
your time to look at it. I’m not in a hurry.” 
The way Marie addressed Winnie made Winnie’s emotions surge.
“Okay.” Wynter took the item and felt a slight warmth on her fingertips. Wisps of black mist seemed to be trying to escape as if they wanted to enter her body. 
Just then, Wolf suddenly arrived behind Wynter, and he subconsciously wanted to speak. 
Because he was too fast, all people could see was a small, faint shadow. 
He still looked like a child, with his round eyes shining brightly! 
Marie was about to ask why Wolf had just arrived, but she saw Wynter grab his collar with one hand, push 
his chin up with the other, and pinch his face while shaking her head slightly with lowered eyes. “No.” 
Her movements were decisive and cool. It was as if it wasn’t the first time she had done this. 
Meanwhile, Dalton, who was talking, looked in Wynter’s direction. 
She signaled to him that everything was fine and to continue doing his own thing. 
He smiled silently, and his dark eyes looked captivating. 
Wolf puffed his cheeks and pointed at the necklace Wynter was holding. 
Wynter said leisurely, “This isn’t something you should play with. Get Tobias to take you to get some 
snacks.” 
Wolf obediently licked his canine teeth. Although he was very obedient, he still turned to look back as he 
walked away.
The black mist that had previously overflowed seemed to have come to life now, cowering inside the 
locust wood lotus! 
The more creatures lived in darkness, the clearer they could perceive danger. 
It didn’t know what Wolf was, but it was truly afraid now! 
The people present couldn’t see any of this. After all, these were all creatures of the underworld, so they 
didn’t know what had happened. 
A
###chapter591
Wynter carefully examined the item in her hand. Throughout history, anything made from locust wood had been deemed unsuitable for people to wear. 
It was important to note that Scandonese characters had profound meanings, sometimes related to the Five Elements and Eight Trigrams. 
For example, the character for “locust” was related to “disasters“, which suggested that it was wood used by ghosts and spirits. 
Locust trees preferred to grow under shade, and in some southern regions, people would occasionally use them to make coffins. 
In order to make urns with lotus designs related to Zen, one could use cedar wood or mahogany. If those weren’t available, poplar wood would also suffice. 
But people would never use locust wood, as it could easily attract disasters or spirits over time. 
Moreover, the pattern of this lotus was also unusual–it had twists and turns that made people” uncomfortable. 
Atwater had once said that there were thousands of Mystic Path statues in the world. He had also said that If one believed in Mystic Path, one must be sure that one was genuine, as the legends of Mystic Path originated from Edraian. 
Some non–traditional Mystic Path statues over there might represent evil. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. It seemed that the lotus wood cover in her hand couldn’t be anything good.
“Ms. Yeaton, do you believe in Mystic Path?” Wynter asked with a light laugh. It seemed that she wanted to ease the tension. 
Winnie immediately replied, “I occasionally pray. If you like this necklace, feel free to take it. I have many more. You can pick one some other time.” 
“Thank you, Ms. Yeaton.” Wynter had changed the way she addressed Winnie because of Marie’s concern. 
“What I’m interested in isn’t this necklace, but rather the lotus wood cover on the necklace. When you asked for this item, didn’t the other party tell you that locust wood is prone to attract problems?” 
Winnie looked puzzled. “Asked for it? Oh, I didn’t ask for this. It was…” 
” 
At this point, she paused, glanced at Marie subconsciously, and continued, “It was given to me by Naomi, There’s also a very nice fragrance hidden inside. The sandalwood aroma is very calming.” “Sandalwood?” Wynter turned the lotus wood cover, and the black mist inside didn’t move. Leo sniffed and immediately covered his nose. “It’s stinky! It can’t be sandalwood!” 
Any spirit would enjoy offerings. 
There were many records of it in the Shumland mythology. Spirits who had absorbed sandalwood would gain merit, which was very helpful in their spiritual cultivation. 
Hence, spirits were willing to absorb sandalwood.
Leo, the twins, and Wolf didn’t like it. 
Wynter smirked playfully. “This thing is probably corpse smell.” 
Corpse smell? 
Winnie didn’t understand fortune–telling, but she could tell from the words alone that this thing was 
terrifying. 
At this point, Marie was even more eager to grab the item and throw it away! 
Wynter stopped her. “Mom, don’t touch it. I’ll take care of it.” 
Winnie’s lips turned pale when she saw this. “Sevie, w–what is ‘corpse smell‘?” 
“It’s something that came from the border. From what I understand about its ingredients, most of it is made from human ashes. They also add some other random things to it. It’s used by some non– traditional sects to influence their followers‘ thinking.” 
When Wynter mentioned human ashes, Winnie began to quiver in fear. The most important thing was that this had been a gift from Naomi!
###chapter592
Why would Naomi give Winnie such a sinister thing? 
What did Naomi want to do? 
Winnie’s back was covered in a cold sweat, and a chilling sensation rose from the depths of her heart. 
Without avoiding the subject, she asked Wynter, “Sevie, what would be the consequences if one smells this kind of scent for a long time?” 
“Both the body and mind will be affected, and one may develop an addiction to it,” Wynter replied seriously. 
“Gradually, one would become the most loyal follower; they wouldn’t have their own opinions on certain matters.” 
With a thump, the handbag Winnie was holding fell to the ground. 
Things were starting to fall into place now. 
Naomi had deliberately approached Winnie and shared about her inability to sleep and hopes that Marie would cheer up and accept her. 
But at that time, Naomi had only been nine years old! 
Winnie’s first reaction was to wonder if there could be any misunderstandings about this. But met Wynter’s gaze, she understood that there was no misunderstanding. 
n she
“Naomi wasn’t even ten years old when she gave me this,” Winnie muttered, feeling more and more frightened. 
“She wasn’t even ten years old?” Wynter’s eyes glinted. If that was the case, she needed to look into 
Naomi’s identity again. 
After all, using corpse smell was not a coincidence. 
Wynter now suspected that Naomi was also a cultivator, but the path she was cultivating was another 
matter. 
“I’ll help you destroy this, Ms. Yeaton, 
Wynter said seriously. “Besides this, think about what else she gave you that you have at home. It would be best if you brought everything to me.” 
Winnie remembered the pile of things at home and felt even colder all over. 
She had never realized that Naomi, whom she had been supporting, had been harming her by giving her gifts! 
“There’s still a lot,” Winnie said, feeling overwhelmed. 
Marie reached out to support her. “It’s okay. Wynter will handle it, and you’ll be safe.” 
For Wynter, it was indeed simple. She would just take Wolf for a walk around Winnie’s house. 
As for Naomi’s strangeness, Wynter hadn’t been able to figure it out yet.
“I’ll go over to your place after the banquet,” 
Winter said reassuringly. 
Winnie was still afraid. “Will it affect my family members?” 
“It will have an impact,” Wynter answered. “Since you asked such a question, it means that something has 
happened to someone in your family. G happened to someone in your family. Generally speaking, if you use corpse smell at home, it reduces the 
lifespan of your family members.” 
Winnie straightened up suddenly before grabbing Wynter’s hand. “Sevie, you must help. It was my fault just now. I don’t know why I was speaking up for Naomi!” 
Her mind was in a state of chaos. “My son, Nixon, was suddenly diagnosed with malnutrition, and now his whole body is limp. There were no signs before. 
“I thought he was just missing his father too much during this time. I didn’t expect that something in my room would harm him!” 
No mother could stand to see her child in danger. 
Winnie was currently divorced as well. That was precisely why she felt even more guilty.
###chapter593
“It’s not that serious yet.” Wynter threw the necklace in her hand to Wolf. “This thing is subtle. I’ll go with you now to see what’s going on.” 
Wolf actually liked the necklace a lot. The black mist smelled nice, but he couldn’t absorb it–Wynter wouldn’t allow it. 
The beef at the buffet was delicious enough, but he couldn’t ask for too much or his pay would be deducted. He might even be sent to school! 
At this moment, Wolf was more obedient than ever. 
At first, Wynter hadn’t known that Winnie’s situation was so serious, but since she had found out about it, she would go and take a look. 
More importantly, she might be able to figure out which faction was involved after checking the items. 
She didn’t forget the important information Leo had provided just now. 
She found Dalton and asked him to pay attention to the surveillance. She specifically wanted to see who had come in around 8:30 pm, including the waiters. 
Dalton didn’t ask her what she was going to do. It was as if he understood her intentions at a glance. 
But… his family was waiting for him. 
“Wolf can go alone to Ms. Yeaton’s house. He’s good at retrieving things.” 
Wynter had initially planned to do things this way, but she changed her mind after hearing what Dalton
said. “I’m worried that Wolf will recklessly eat things when he’s there.” 
“He won’t. I gave him something when he was with me.” Dalton smiled lightly. “It’s from Mt. Dragon.” 
Wolf heard them talking about him again. First, he pointed at the red string around his neck, then gestured 
with his hand. 
Dalton judged his intentions accurately. “Alright. I know you won’t eat recklessly. Bring sick child to Yarwoods‘ manor, and I’ll give you 100 thousand dollars.” 
Wolf immediately sprang into action. He pulled Winnie along with him and left quickly. 
Wynter nodded at Winnie. “Wolf will be able to handle it. I’ll wait for you at Yarwoods‘ Manor.” 
Getting Nixon out of the house was indeed crucial. It would be uninhabitable if a place was filled with this kind of corpse smell. 
Winnie had originally come to visit Wynter, whom she had held before. But, to her surprise, not only had Marie recovered, but she had also realized so many things. 
If it hadn’t been for Wynter, Winnie couldn’t imagine what her life would be like in the future. 
Most Importantly, Nixon was so innocent, and corpse smell was too toxic. It could reduce the lifespan of 
her family members! 
Winnie really hated herself for trusting Naomi so much back then.
She hated herself for treating Naomi as Marie’s child. 
In the end, Winnie had ended uup bringing harm to her own child! 
If it hadn’t been for Wynter… Winnie shook her head as she thought about it. She soothed herself, thinking that Nixon would definitely recover! 
At first, she had assumed that he just had a weak body, but she hadn’t expected it to be like this. 
Then again, Marie’s illness had also been rather strange. Could it also be related to Naomi? 
Winnie knew she shouldn’t think like this, but the thought kept popping up in her head. After all, Naomi had been there when Marie had fallen ill back then! 
Before leaving, Winnie grabbed Wynter’s hand again. “I think Marie’s illness is related to Naomi. She was the closest to Marie at the time, and they were alone for a minute,” Winnie said. 
“We don’t know what they talked about, and there was no surveillance footage: After all, we had never thought that we would need to be on guard against a seven–year–old girl!” 
Wynter was smart. When Winnie said this, she understood. “I’ll find her. She can’t keep hiding anymore in this situation, and she will reveal her true colors.” 
The mastermind behind her would also feel anxious. As long as they were anxious, they would make 
mistakes. 
She hadn’t found out the people and dangers in the dream yet.
###chapter594
Chapter 594 Naomi’s Secret 
As the banquet approached its end, Marie and her sons stayed in the crowd, chatting in order not to 
appear too conspicuous. 
Wynter went to check the surveillance herself, confirming multiple times that the only people who had arrived at that time were from the Fenton and Winston families. 
Logan, who had been held up by some matters and hadn’t come to find Wynter, was among them. 
It was different from the dream. 
Wynter’s intuition told her that the person she was looking for might not have appeared at this banquet at 
all. 
Should she not take the dream too seriously? Or had something happened differently from the dream, causing the other party not to appear? 
Wynter touched the lucky coin, and Leo was still on her shoulder. “Master, I can smell that person’s scent.” 
If that person wasn’t present, but Leo and others sensed it, there could only be one possibility–the Fentons and the Winstons had been in contact with that person before they had come to the banquet! 
As Wynter thought about this, her phone suddenly rang. 
It was a call from Wolf, and Winnie’s voice on the other end sounded very anxious. “Wynter, what should I
do? Nixon is unconscious now, and he won’t wake up no matter how much I try!” 
Wynter’s eyes deepened. “I’ll come pick you up right now.” 
That said, she saved the surveillance video. 
Then, she glanced at Dalton. “Something’s happened.” 
It wasn’t safe to stay in the room where corpse smell was present. Thinking of that, Winnie carried Nixon 
outside. 
Meanwhile, Wolf stayed in the villa. He pursed his lips while looking at the black mist. 
Naomi was indeed anxious. She had never thought that an ordinary mortal could push her to this point. 
She would need to absorb more people’s fortunes if she wanted to change the current situation. 
Originally, she had thought she could just take root in the Quinnell family, as the Quinnell family’s fortune was good. They wouldn’t notice it, even if it lessened. 
Who would have thought that it wouldn’t work? 
There was something about Wynter that helped her resist Naomi’s influence. Even when they had been so close at the banquet, Naomi hadn’t been able to gain any advantage. 
Chapter 594 Naomi’s Secret 
As for Shane, he was no longer reliable.
Naomi clenched her fists and sat quietly in the police car. There was a venomous look in her lowered eyes that had never been revealed before. She indeed had a secret that no one knew. 
Even Fiona, who had taken care of her, only knew about a few things that just barely touched the surface. She knew that Naomi wasn’t simple. 
Shane was the one who had brought Naomi home. At the time, the Quinnells had prayed all day long. Later, even Darrell had come home. 
At the time they returned to the Quinnell residence; Fiona hadn’t been in a position to even approach 
them. 
As long as Naomi made a little more effort and absorbed more fortune, she could make the people around her naturally like her and be more willing to interact with her. 
At the same time, she could naturally dominate under the laws of nature. 
Even this time, she’d revealed this secret first when making the statement so that she could get out 
smoothly. 
The longer the corpse smell was generated, the easier it was for her to absorb people’s fortunes. 
For Naomi, the best way was to become the daughter of the Quinnell family. Then, she could deceive fate and smoothly enjoy Wynter’s destiny. 
It was really a pity. She could have succeeded with just a little bit more corpse smell! 
Unfortunately, Dalton had gotten involved. On top of that, that crazy woman, Marie, had unexpectedly
recovered as well. 
All of that had been somewhat beyond Naomi’s expectations. She needed more fortune to pave the way 
for her future. 
When Naomi was taken out of the car, there were clouds of black mist in the air.
###chapter595
Chapter 595 Saving the Day 
These were things ordinary people couldn’t see. 
Even an inexplicable fortune could affect the magnetic field. 
Top–tier cultivators could sense it. 
Kaspar, who was in the middle of a discussion with his disciples about how to coax Wynter back to Mt. Dragon, suddenly stood up straight. “Something’s not right in Westoni.” 
He left just as quickly as he had come. 
“Someone is altering fate!” 
That was a taboo for cultivators! But the other party was indeed using their sect’s methods. 
Kaspar’s facial expression changed. 
At this moment, dark clouds covered the previously clear sky. 
Meanwhile, Wynter came out of the hotel. It started to rain just as she was about to mount her BMW 
Tomahawk. 
It made people very uncomfortable. There was even fog in the night sky. 
Nixon’s condition was indeed very bad. He had completely lost consciousness. 
There was only a part of his soul left in his small body when Wynter saw him.
“Master, he’s almost dead.” Leo jumped down, not daring to approach Nixon. He was afraid that Nixon would really die if he touched the latter. 
Wynter bent down and looked at Nixon’s bluish face. 
“Ms. Yeaton, think about it again. Is there anything else different about him besides malnutrition?” 
Anything different? 
Winnie suddenly remembered something. “He said there’s always someone calling him outside the 
courtyard.” 
Wynter suddenly raised her eyes. “Who is it?” 
Winnie said anxiously, “There’s no one outside our courtyard at all. He said it’s a child in a costume who wants to play with him.” 
“Master, there’s a malevolent spirit!” Leo immediately became nervous. 
The twins didn’t know what Leo was nervous about. After all, the three of them were all malevolent spirits. 
The courtyard? 
Chapter 595 Saving the Day 
Wynter didn’t beat around the bush and shouted directly, “Wolf, come out and search the courtyard.”
Sometimes Wolf would forget about important matters while playing. Now that Wynter had called him, he let go of the cute little ones trying to play hide–and–seek with him and rushed outside. His face was still smudged with dirt. 
Finally, he stopped in a corner of the courtyard. 
He didn’t mind getting dirty. He took a wooden stick and started digging. 
After digging for about a minute, he found a Riftgard puppet doll and an embroidered shoe. 
Wolf seemed to dislike them since he couldn’t eat them. He raised his head and looked at Wynter. 
Wynter praised him. “Well done.” 
Wolf stood up straight, feeling proud. 
“Something’s wrong in the city today. Take Grandpa and the others back to the mansion, and don’t go 
anywhere. Keep an eye, especially on my mom and Tobias,” Wynter instructed clearly. 
She said, “Elliot has merits and the protection of heroic spirits. With him around, the family won’t fall into 
chaos. But you have to be there to keep them safe, just in case. Understand?” 
Wolf nodded and immediately went to carry out his task. 
After handing over the big black bag on his body to Wynter, he left the villa quickly. 
Wynter looked at the embroidered shoe and puppet doll on the grass. The thing she was the least skilled at doing had appeared. She hoped she could find the child’s soul.
“Ms. Yeaton, take Nixon to the hospital across the street.” 
“Take Nixon to the hospital?” Winnie was somewhat puzzled. Nixon was possessed. Would going to the 
hospital help? 
Wynter smiled lightly. “Doctors are the only ones who can contend with the Grim Reaper for life. Most hospitals use the Five Elements and the Eight Trigrams layout. With them around, Nixon will definitely 
have a chance at surviving this.” 
Most importantly, the malevolent spirits wouldn’t dare cause trouble there.. 
“Does going to the hospital really work?” Winnie was still hesitant. She felt that Nixon could only be saved if he stayed by Wynter’s side.
###chapter596
Chapter 596 Another World 
Wynter looked serious. “Yes, some doctors devote their lives to saving lives. 
“What most people don’t know is that there’s a saying–those who are well don’t need a doctor, but the sick do. Good doctors can protect Nixon.” 
Wynter dialed a phone number. “Hello, Mr. Lopez Senior, it’s me. I have a young patient who is only four years old. He is very weak now and needs nutrients. 
“Yes, we’re across the street from your hospital. I’ll have his mother take him over. Please keep an eye on 
his breathing and heartbeat at all times, and leave the rest to me.” 
At first, Victor didn’t understand what Wynter meant by leaving the rest to her. But given that he had been in the medical field his whole life, he immediately became anxious as soon as he heard that a four–year- 
old child was unconscious. 
After finishing his surgery and eating two mouthfuls of food, he went downstairs to meet them. 
As Winnie watched Wynter make the call and ask about Nixon’s allergy history, a sense of guilt almost 
overwhelmed her. She had told Wynter to accept someone who had stolen her identity and parents. 
How could she have said such things? 
Before getting in the ambulance, Winnie grabbed Wynter’s hand. “Sevie, I’m sorry! What I said at the
banquet was utter nonsense!” 
Without Winnie’s help, Naomi wouldn’t have been able to enter the circle smoothly. Winnie had even judged Wynter for being narrow–minded and intolerant because of Naomi’s complaints. 
Winnie’s regret was evident in her eyes. 
“Saving Nixon is our priority now,” Wynter said. 
Atwater had talked the most about the strangeness of the corpse smell. Ordinary people really couldn’t 
resist it, but today’s anomaly wasn’t just about that. 
After Wynter saw Winnie off, her gaze fell back on the pair of embroidered red shoes. 
“Master, are you going to enter the formation?” Leo guessed her thoughts. 
Wynter looked at the villa, which was shrouded in a black mist, and brushed her hair back. “Yes.” 
“But this formation is different!” Leo tried to stop her. “Master, it’s too dangerous. It’s different from our 
previous mischief.” 
rouw stop red 
Spirits instinctively avoided danger. Those embroidered shoes and the puppet doll weren’t things from 
their era at all! 
The location of the heart of the formation was unpredictable, 
It was difficult to get out of some Earthbound Formations. Someone could even get locked inside and
Chapter 596 Another World 
never see daylight again. 
“How about we wait for Dalton to arrive before we go?” Leo suggested, and the twins nodded in 
agreement. 
Wynter smiled. “You seem to have a lot of confidence in Dalton.” 
The three of them tried to cover up the truth, which was becoming increasingly obvious. “He can help with the formation with his purple aura.” 
Wynter looked at her wristwatch. “If we wait for him to come, there’s a chance that Nixon won’t survive. Let’s go in first.” 
Wolf had already checked the surroundings of the villa and had reduced many risks of danger. 
But the embroidered shoes and puppet doll had already been dug out, so the darkness hidden beneath 
the villa had also been revealed. 
It was sucking up the fortune from the ground like a bottomless pit. 
A thin, cold mist covered the walls, which made the twins feel uneasy. Spirits could sense each other’s 
resentment. All they could feel was endless pain and hatred. 
“Master, over there… It seems like another world,” Leo said.
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###chapter597
Chapter 597 Oppression 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “Formations are always the same. Your formation is also like another world to normal people.” 
With that, she mounted her BMW Tomahawk again. “Hold on tight. We’re going in.” 
The engine roared. If anyone had been present, they would have seen a black and red motorcycle disappearing into the villa. 
There was no change outside after Wynter broke in. 
The black mist was being emitted from only a corner inside the villa. It was as if an invisible door had opened and closed again. 
One had to hold onto something familiar and beloved to the lost soul to find it. 
Wynter had noticed that, despite being in a coma, Nixon had been clutching a little yellow duck. It was one of the yellow duck toys that children would play with when taking a shower in a bathtub. 
She put the duck into her pocket without hesitation. 
Generally, the more low–key one’s entry into the formation was, the better. After all, the spirits inside would become more aggressive once the formation master was disturbed. 
But who could have imagined that Wynter would enter using a motorcycle? 
If Kaspar had seen it, he would have definitely said that it was outrageous! 
Wynter had already broken two formations before. The previous formations had either been in hospitals or hotels, both full of gloom.
However, this formation was different. 
When Wynter broke in, the sunlight was just right. 
The sudden appearance of her motorcycle startled the people who were selling vegetables on the street, making them frantically scamper away. 
“Hey, why don’t you look where you’re going?” someone said in a very soft Hawford accent. 
Wynter raised her eyes and saw steam locomotives and people selling newspapers everywhere. Students were organizing activities not far away, and there was the Youth Daily, and so on. 
A bell rang, and a rickshaw puller passed by her. 
This scene resembled the special period of Hawford in movies. The place seemed bustling. 
Someone in a black coat got out of the car. Rory Turner eyed a flower seller outside what seemed like a quiet restaurant. 
The flower seller, Isla Olsen, looked only 14 or 15 years old, and Rory didn’t even need to get her himself, 
A man with long braids who was dressed like a landlord pushed Isla in front of Rory. “For you. Look at how lovely and lively she is.” 
“Don’t be rude to the child,” Rory said in a strange accent. “Be a gentleman.” 
“Okay! Okay!” The man, Roy Carson, nodded repeatedly. 
They completely ignored Isla’s cries and were about to take her back to the manor. 
There were many passersby, but none dared to step forward.
Isla was desperate. She held on to the car door, holding tight even when her hands got scraped. 
Annoyed by her lack of cooperation, Roy threatened her, saying, “If you don’t go along, your whole family 
will die!” 
Isla slowly loosened her grip. 
Roy smiled, but before he could finish smiling, he was suddenly kicked. He doubled over in pain and winced, gritting his teeth. “Who dares to meddle in the Emperor’s matters?” 
Wynter glanced down at him. 
Roy was startled by her glance. What a beautiful woman! The colonel would definitely like her! 
“Traitor?” Wynter suddenly smiled at him. 
Roy had yet to react when Wynter kicked him again. “The thing I hate most is a traitor!” 
Her kick almost knocked Roy out. 
The bodyguards Rory had brought with him wanted to step forward and stop Wynter. 
Wynter suddenly spoke in their language. “This is the Frenda Concession, and the Youth Daily is across 
the street. You can continue if you don’t care about international implications.”
###chapter598
Upon hearing her words, Rory immediately signaled his men to stop. After all, the current situation was special, and they still needed to try to win over some Cascadians who could speak on their behalf in public.
The Youth Daily had been causing them a lot of headaches recently. If some issues were really exposed to the international powers, their claim that they had come to Cascadia to change the lives of ordinary people rather than invade it would be questioned!
Rory stepped forward. "Miss, you've misunderstood. The Foplyans have set up schools over there to
provide education for some Cascadian children who cannot afford it.
*This child looks so young, but she's selling flowers here. So, we thought of taking her there. She's just resisting because she doesn't understand our intentions due to the language barrier."
Wynter had never dealt with politicians, but one thing was clear-Rory was dodging the issue.
He had even brought along a photographer. As she connected that with the current background, Wynter instantly understood his intentions.
"Sir, if we were in your country and a little girl walking down the street was suddenly pulled away by soldiers from another country, what would her reaction be? She would definitely be afraid, let alone..." Wynter paused. "Your attitude earlier was not friendly. You even forced her to do things she didn't want to do."
"As for the school you mentioned, we would still have our educational institutions even if Foplyans hadn't
come to Cascadia. After all, our country is home to the father of literature, Atticus Kingsley."
As soon as she said that, a Foplyan soldier behind Rory moved to point his gun at Wynter's head.
The nearby onlookers' expressions changed immediately. Yet, Wynter, who was standing in the center of danger, showed no fear.
She looked Rory in the eye. "You can shoot, but I'll say it again-the whole world is watching."
In an instant, Rory's expression changed. He raised his right hand and slapped the soldier who was
aiming a gun at Wynter's face. "Bastard! Apologize to this lady!"
He was always careful when dealing with people who could speak Foplyanese.
Casca
After all, the acquisition of
Cascadia's Labor Union had failed the last time because of two international students from the Quinnell and Whitman families. Not only had they been able to speak the international language, but they had also understood the situation very well. Their refusal had completely thwarted Foplya's plan!
Despite that, they couldn't just kill all the members of these two big families!
People with foreign education were different from local Cascadians, including those who worked for Youth Daily. Rory would lose his current position if he really acted against them and affected Foplya's major deployment!
"Put the guns away!" Rory's face was solemn.
It would be troublesome if shots were fired. Youth
After all, people from the
I would definitely not let
go of such an opportunity! S
It was evident that the Foplyan soldiers were very unwilling.
Roy was in pain after being kicked, and his face twisted in agony. He glared fiercely at Wynter but didn't dare say anything.
He would definitely not spare Wynter once he figured out who she was.
Wynter didn't care about what he was thinking. She helped Isla up. "Where do you live? I'll take you home."
Isla held Wynter's hand as she trembled all over. She seemed to have a lot to say, and her lips were even
pale.
As if he hadn't noticed anything, Rory said, "You're very smart. Don't sell flowers anymore. You can go to
school."
With that, he signaled for Roy to give her money.
###chapter599
Roy took out ten taels of silver and handed it to Isla in front of the camera. "This is from the Emperor. Be grateful to him. We have food and drink thanks to him."
Isla looked at the money anxiously.
Wynter knew that Isla needed the money. She looked at Isla. "Do you want it? You can have it. I won't to you taking it."
She looked serious as she spoke. "But what I want to tell you is, you might lose more by taking this money
because you don't know what the person giving you the money wants."
Isla bit her lip. She wanted it. Her mother was sick, and her father needed cigarettes.
They all needed money.
But she still remembered how her sister had been taken away by these people!
At that time, they had also given her father ten taels of silver, saying they would bring her sister back after
taking a photo.
But her sister had been gone for seven days and still hadn't returned!
While Isla and her mother were worried every day, her father had just gone to the tobacco shop with ten
taels of silver.
Isla waited for her sister every day.
No! She didn't want this dirty money! She just wanted her sister back!
"I don't want their dirty money!"
Even though the fear in Isla's eyes was evident, there was also hatred within them.
She was proud and unyielding. Perhaps one didn't need to be an adult to know what one should and and shouldn't do. One should hold onto principles even in the face of strong temptation.
"Did you hear that?" Wynter raised her eyebrows, placed the money back in Roy's hand, and said bluntly,"
Get lost."
Roy had never been so humiliated. They were in an era dominated by the Foplyans. He had never been yelled at like this before, especially in front of Foplyans! He could still endure it even if the Quinnells and the Whitmans looked down on him. But Wynter was just
a commoner!
Rory gave him a warning look. Hence, Roy dared not reveal anything through his expressions. He bowed and stepped aside to let Wynter and Isla pass.
Although the onlookers hadn't dared
to come forward to stop the
Foplyans, they were all watching
Wynter with expressions of
incredulity and inexplicable
admiration.
.net
They were poorly educated and couldn't understand why a lady who had dared to be disrespectful to the Foplyans had been able to leave unscathed!
The more they watched the scene, the more they admired Wynter.
If they retreated and showed any signs of weakness, the Foplyans would bully them to death and even treat them worse than a dog.
Only when they were stronger would the Foplyans dare not tread on them.
Yet, there were some people who analyzed it more deeply. For instance, the people in charge of the Youth Daily deliberately bumped into Wynter as she walked by.
"Turn left up ahead, go to Peace
Hotel in the east, and find the
president of the Chamber of
Commerce from the Quinnell family. Someone will help you. The
eyel?
Foplyans won't keep their word. You must be quick!"
###chapter600
As it turned out, the person from the Youth Daily was right.
Just as Wynter and Isla left, Rory gave a meaningful look to the soldier who had just raised his gun.
The soldier immediately gave a cruel smile and followed after Wynter and Isla.
The people from the Youth Daily were watching anxiously. They hoped Wynter would take their words to heart. The faster she left, the better her chances of survival would be.
By now, Wynter and Isla should have passed the bank. They should be able to make it in time.
But no one knew that Wynter wasn't in a hurry to escape. Her BMW Tomahawk was parked by the
roadside.
She turned into an alley, told Isla to enter a noodle restaurant by herself, and stood at the corner alone. The Foplyan soldier had already loaded his gun and planned on how to deal with the arrogant, despicable
woman!
He wanted to humiliate her slowly and make her regret it!
ibbed
But as soon as he entered the alley, someone suddenly grabbed his neck.
Next, there was a cracking sound!
Wynter was ruthless in her actions. This was completely different from when she was outside the
formation.
She was determined to kill, so she didn't care about anything else. It only took her a second to end the
soldier's life.
No one saw how she did it. The Foplyan soldier was already lying on the ground.
In this era, few dared to kill Foplyans. So, Rory had never expected to lose one of his men.
After dealing with the soldier following her, Wynter went to get Isla.
She was calm and composed the entire time, seeming like a diner who had come to eat noodles rather than someone who had just committed murder.
Isla was the only one who knew the truth. Wynter had sent her into the noodle restaurant to keep her from seeing what had happened. But unexpectedly, she had seen anyway.
However, Isla didn't feel scared. She grabbed Wynter's hand after running out, as if she had found a savior.
"Miss, I beg you to save my sister. She hasn't come back since she was taken away by Roy!"
This wasn't the place to talk. Wynter glanced around and took Isla into another alley.
The person from the Youth Faily had said that they would be safe as long as they reached the Peace Hotel and found someone from the Quinnell family. Wynter didn't care, but she was worried about Isla. "I'll take you home first."
Those people wouldn't remember what Isla looked like. Isla would be fine as long as Wynter distracted them and diverted their attention away from Isla. Moreover, this Earthbound Formation was very strange. She had been here for so long but hadn't found anything related to it.
Furthermore, all the souls here didn't seem like the undead.
The weirdest thing was that she didn't feel any malice here, unlike the usual formations.
It was a rare situation. Either the formation master was hiding very well, or there was something else in
this formation!
Wynter's intuition told her that she needed to get to know Isla better in order to break this formation.
And the Quinnell family... Were they her ancestors?
There were a lot of thoughts running through Wynter's head, but her expression gave away nothing.
She still hadn't forgotten about the embroidered shoe in her bag. Her priority now was to find Nixon's soul and use the method of guiding souls to send him back.
Winnie had said that Nixon had fallen sick because a child wearing costume had invited him to play. Wynter's gaze fell on Isla. "Did your little boy?"
###chapter601
Wynter had not forgotten about the red shoe in her bag. Her priority now was to find Nixon’s soul and use the method of guiding souls to send him back. 
Winnie had said that Nixon had fallen sick because a child wearing a costume had invited him to play. 
Wynter’s gaze fell on Isla in front of her. “Has your sister ever invited a little boy to play?” 
“A little boy?” Isla shook her head at first, but then said, “Oh, I remember now. There seemed to be a little 
boy, but my sister didn’t invite him. She said he was chosen.” 
Wynter quickly got the essence of Isla’s words. “Chosen? By what?” 
“I don’t know, either.” Isla tried to recall something. “It looked like he was captured, but no one spent à single penny to look for him.” 
Isla tried hard to explain clearly to Wynter, “Those people have taken away a lot of children other than my 
sister, and they have not returned. 
“Wynter, since you speak Foplyanese, could you go and ask them what happened? They are friendly to 
those who can speak Foplyanese.” 
“They? Are they Foplyans?” Wynter’s eyes narrowed.
Isla shook her head. “No, the Foplyans do not abduct people. They only invite them to take photos together. But they promised to send my sister back after taking photos. Why isn’t she here now?” 
Isla could not comprehend what exactly was going on. 
Wynter thought about this period in history. 
Suddenly, she snapped her fingers, and her expression changed. 
“Do you know where those people who were photographed were taken?” 
Isla nodded seriously. “I know because I have sold flowers near there.” 
“Take me there.” Wynter was worried that it would be too late if they went there any later. 
Isla bit her lips. “Not now, Wynter. I need to save my mother. She hasn’t eaten anything for several days and has been coughing.” 
The first thought that went through Wynter’s mind was that it was influenza. 
That was until Isla said, “Mom has a lot of red open sores all over her body, so she forbade me to go near 
her.” 
Was it syphilis? Or was it some other illness? 
It was difficult for Wynter to judge since she had not seen Isla’s mother. 
“Wynter, I’m going to deliver the medicine to my mother first.” 
There was some dust on Isla’s face as she continued, “Walt until I have delivered the medicine, then I’ll go with you to save my sister.” 
Wynter could not bear to let Isla go back alone. Moreover, she did not know how serious Isla’s mother’s illness really was. 
Wynter was in doubt because she was worried that people in this era still did not know how to prevent the disease. Isla could be infected by it. 
“I’m going with you.” 
Isla’s home was not too far away. To Isla, who had been running back and forth daily, it was very close. 
She used the money earned from selling camellias to buy her mother what little medicinal herbs they had 
left. 
The pharmacy owner took pity on her and told her many times not to buy any more medicine as her mother would not be getting any better. 
But Isla persevered because her sister, Lily Olsen, was just over three years old. Lily would be very sad if 
she could not see their mother when she returned home. 
Isla took Wynter through several twists and turns until they arrived at a rundown area. 
It was difficult to imagine that this was a city.
On the opposite side, only separated by a street, was a place full of extravagance where waltz music drifted out from a dance hall. 
The spare change that some Foplyans threw to beggars was enough for them to live on for a long time. Yet, the poor could not even afford a bite to eat. 
Wynter had read about this period in history before. Each time she read about it, she found it difficult to calm her feelings down. 
All of that was incomparable to seeing it with her own eyes. 
The streets were still wet as a Foplyan indifferently pushed an old man to the ground, and blood spread out over the bluestone road. 
But the rest of the people were only focused on picking up the leftover food, such as bread rolls, that the Foplyans threw away. 
###chapter602
“Wynter, we’re here.” 
Wynter pushed open a narrow door to find a gloomy alleyway. Everyone here had indifferent expressions. 
When they saw Isla coming, an old woman began to shout, “You really want to die, don’t you? You shouldn’t live here anymore if you have the disease. You will rot to death!” 
Seeing Isla’s reaction, Wynter knew this was not the first time something like this had happened. 
Isla kept her head down and quickly pulled Wynter inside. 
Following closely behind Isla, a woman lying on a bed came into view. The woman, Jenny Harwood, was Isla’s mother, and she could be heard coughing. There was an unpleasant smell around the place. 
Since Wynter was a doctor, one glance was enough for her to realize that Jenny did not have long to live. 
Even now, she was barely hanging on. 
Isla seemed to understand Jenny’s condition, too. “How are you feeling today, Mom? The medical hall’s owner gave me some medicinal herbs. I also met a really nice lady today.” 
“Do not come over!” warned Jenny while coughing. She propped herself up on hands filled with open 
blisters. “Stay there.” 
Looking through a curtain, Wynter’s gaze fell on Jenny, who was painfully thin. She was nothing but skin and bones, and she looked lifeless.
The only color in the room was a pair of bright red shoes by the bedside. 
“Master, it’s those red shoes,” Leo observed with a tight frown from Wynter’s shoulder, where he was lying. “It is very strange, Master. Why is there no resentment found on her? How was this formation created?” 
Wynter had a dark look in her eyes. “Listen to her. Don’t go over there.” 
Leo stopped, and Isla stood still as well. 
Jenny said to Wynter with an apologetic look, “Thank you for bringing Isla home. Did she trouble she went to the Frenda Concession to sell camellias?” 
you 
when 
“No, she is very well–behaved. She has always been thinking of getting the medicinal herbs for you,” Wynter said mildly. 
Jenny covered herself with a piece of cloth. “My illness makes it difficult for me to welcome guests. 
“Miss, I know you are a good person. Why don’t you see how much money Isla is worth and consider buying her? Her life with you will be better.” 
Isla, who was pouring out a glass of water, shouted, “Mom, what are you talking about?” 
“Miss, I’m begging you, please buy Isla.” Jenny did not even look at her daughter. Her eyes were red and 
tear–filled. “One piece of silver is enough.” 
“Mom!” cried Isla as she started to approach. 
Suddenly turning fierce, Jenny said, “Don’t call me that. Your sister is much more obedient than you. You. 
aren’t worth much, anyway. 
“We’re in such dire circumstances that we do not even have food to eat. Raising you is a waste of food.” 
Isia could not understand why Jenny, who had always been gentle, could become like this. Her eyes widened, and tears streamed down her face. 
Leo, who could not stand seeing a mother mistreating her child, started to get angry. 
Wynter glanced at Leo, who immediately yielded but still said angrily, “Master, she is a bad person.” 
“Do not take things at face value,” said Wynter. As she was saying this, a loud sound rang out. 
The wooden door was kicked open by a man with blurry eyes. He walked in while sniffling like an opium 
addict. 
“This place stinks! Hey, where did all the money go?” 
The man’s shouting was disrupted when he saw Wynter. His eyes lit up. “You…”
“This is Isla’s buyer,” Jenny hastened to explain. 
She was worried that harm would befall the good–looking Wynter. After thinking about it, she came up with the only thing that an addict would fear. 
“She is the Quinnell family’s daughter. She has come home after studying abroad.” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
X 
Go 
Chapter 603 Help Me Find My Daughter
###chapter603
Chapter 603 Help Me Find My Daughter
As soon as Jenny mentioned the Quinnells, the man, Mark Walters, immediately lowered his head and bowed.
"Ms. Quinnell, you didn't have to come personally. If you like Isla and want her to run some errands for you, I can bring her to you instead."
Mark tried to cotton up to Wynter as he said, "My grandfather has had business dealings with Mr. Quinnell Senior before."
Such was the Quinnell family's prominence in the business world. It was said that even the Foplyans had to suck up to them.
Mark was no fool. He only believed what Jenny said because of Wynter's attire.
The dress she was wearing looked expensive, and he could also see her pearl necklace. The most valuable item on Wynter would be the crystal clear purple sugilite pendant.
Mark was from a wealthy family, though it was difficult to tell with his current appearance. But his opium addiction and gambling habits were too costly.
The members of this family were all burdensome to him, especially the smelly, half-dead Jenny.
Mark's eyes met Wynter's. While smiling and sniffling, he said, "Ms. Quinnell, I'll go over with you. You can pay however much you deem fit, and you are welcome to give more if you really like her." "You have sold my sister, and now you want to sell me, too?" growled Isla as she approached him.
Mark gave her a hard slap that threw her to the ground. "You are a good-for-nothing like your mother. Don't you dare act up."
After slapping Isla, the man wanted to kick her too, beating her as if she were an animal.
Without saying another word, Wynter grabbed the man's arm. Following that was a loud crack as Wynter broke his arm.
Mark fell to the ground, grimacing in pain.
Wynter looked down at him and said, "I don't like people who hurt others in front of me."
Disgruntled with Wynter, Mark tried to get up, but Wynter raised her hand and pointed the muzzle of her gun to his head, saying, "Continue moving if you want to die."
Mark turned pale. "Ms. Quinnell, it... i-it's my fault. I saw that the girl was being disobedient—"
"Take out the money in your pocket," Wynter interrupted him, "and then get out of here."
Mark quickly emptied his pockets and pulled out a few crumpled bills before crawling out of the room. He dared not to lift his head for fear that Wynter would shoot him. He felt Wynter's murderous rage, and at the same time, it made him realize something.
He remembered that the Quinnell family didn't have a daughter!
Wynter was a phony.
After leaving the room, Mark's expression changed. He would tell the Quinnell family about this matter.
As soon as he left, calm returned to the room.
Wynter approached Jenny and said, "You don't actually want to sell Ista, do you? You thought that since you couldn't stop him from selling her, you could get Isla to go with me instead."
Tears streamed down Jenny's face. "I had no choice about where I live or who I marry. I only wish that Isla and Lily could live well.
"When they're old enough, I hope they will not easily trust the words of any men they might meet.
"I wasn't even able to protect my
daughters at all. Not a single one of them. Lily has been gone for so long. If anything were to happen to Isla, even if I died, I would not be at peace."
Seeing Jenny's condition, Wynter asked, "How did you get this illness?"
"He pimped me out to the landlords and Foplyans," Jenny answered, tightly clenching her fists.
Indescribable hatred darkened her
eyes. "He also took my Lily away saying he was bringing her to be photographed for the newspaper. Yet the newspaper is out now, but my daughter has not returned!"
###chapter604
Chapter 604 Do Not Forget the Past 
Having heard Jenny’s words, Wynter met her eyes. “If I could find your daughter and bring her home, as well as protect Isla, would you be able to rest in peace, then?” 
Jenny paused. 
Wynter spoke gently, “The blisters are starting to show. You should know very well that you cannot hide it from Isla any longer.” 
Jenny weighed Wynter’s words, not sure if she should believe her. Her nails had started to turn black. 
“You have absorbed too much of the sadness around you. It’s very difficult to maintain your current 
condition.” 
“If my guess is correct, yoù have begun plotting against the neighbors who frequently mock you. Do you think Isla will suffer less ridicule when she is gone?” 
“Yet, you do not dare go against that man, even if he is the culprit behind all this.” 
Jenny’s eyes reddened. “I have tried to mess with him, but it just isn’t fair. Why is someone like him still alive? As long as he is around, my daughters will be in danger. 
“Do you 
know what he said? He said that Isla is almost old enough now. In another six months, she can start to earn money by entertaining the Foplyans since they give out a lot of silver.” 
Jenny cried with resentment as she said this. She was filled with hatred. She hated everyone!
“I could kill him for you if that is what you wish,” Wynter told Jenny calmly. 
Jenny clenched her hands. “Of course, I wish that he was dead. But if the Foplyans notice that there is no man in the family, they will take further advantage of us.” 
“Then kill the Foplyans, too,” said Wynter without any emotion. “Those who invade Cascadia and insult Cascadians should pay with their lives.” 
It seemed like it was Jenny’s first time hearing such words. She repeated woodenly, “Kill the Foplyans? No, no one would dare to do that.” 
“Really?” Wynter then lowered her gaze. “Isla, what will you do if someone oppresses your sister and 
mother?” 
Isla answered clearly, “I will protect them with my life. I dare to.” 
Waves of hatred surged in her eyes. “Mom, I don’t understand why ten or even 100 of us would not dare to retaliate against a Foplyan. But I dare to if given the opportunity.” 
The Foplyans made Jenny sick and kept Lily from returning home. If she had the chance, Isla would surely act against the Foplyans. 
“Your daughter is braver than you think,” Wynter reflected. 
Chapter 604 De Not Forget the Past 
Jenny’s eyes warmed for the first time. She wanted to stroke Isla’s head but remembered her physical. 
condition. 
Jenny looked at Wynter. “I want to see Lily once more.”
“I will bring her home,” said Wynter without hesitation. 
Jenny added, “Wait. I don’t understand the Foplyans‘ intentions, but there seems to be a problem in their area. They seem to be doing something, but the fact that photos are being taken is true. It was also reported in the newspapers.” 
“It was reported in this newspaper?” When Wynter walked in earlier, she noticed the newspaper that 
seemed out of place. 
Strictly speaking, those newspapers were not meant for everyone. They carried a strong agenda. 
The man in the newspaper was Rory Turner, whom she had met today. In the picture, he was smiling kindly as he bent over to stop a little girl in a dress. The little girl held a piece of cream cake while beaming brightly. 
In contrast, Isla’s face was bruised, and her clothes were torn. 
The little girl in the photo looked like a happy little princess, without worries about food or clothes. The article in the newspaper read “With the Foplyans‘ help, Cascadians lead a happy life“. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>>
###chapter605
Chapter 605 The Quinnells 
“This is my sister, Lily!” exclaimed Isla as she gripped the newspaper. There was an anxious look in her 
eyes. 
Wynter took the newspaper and said, “Come, let’s go over there.” 
With a sparkle in her eye, Isla bobbed her head. 
Jenny felt uneasy. “You didn’t say that you were bringing Isla there, too.” 
“She is only showing me the way, and I don’t mean to take her there. Before we came, a Foplyan man was killed, and the Foplyans will not remain unaware of it. They will surely be looking everywhere for me.” 
Wynter looked at Jenny and told her, “I will bring Isla to a safe place. Please don’t worry.” 
Clasping her hands, Jenny asked, “Where are you bringing her?” 
“To the Quinnell Chamber of Commerce,” Wynter replied while putting her gun away. 
As Wynter was about to leave with Isla, a beam of light shone into the house. 
Behind the curtain, Jenny felt she had not seen sunlight in a long time. 
Jenny shifted on the bed and stopped Wynter. “Can we really kill all the Foplyans?” 
“We can’t, but we can drive them away,” Wynter replied. “Maybe it cannot be done today or tomorrow, but one day, it can be done.
“Moreover, in the future, women in Cascadia will not be confined to these narrow alleyways. They can become lawyers and doctors.” 
“Lawyer?” Jenny looked confused. “I don’t know what that is, but I do know what a doctor is.” 
Jenny imagined the scene that Wynter had described and smiled as she felt a new sense of tranquility.” Isla should like being a doctor. Because of me, she learned about a lot of medicinal herbs.” 
“Then let her be a doctor.” With these words, Wynter went out through the low doorway. 
It might not happen so soon, but it would definitely happen someday. 
The Foplyans would disappear and no longer oppress or humiliate the Cascadians. 
The Cascadians would have food to eat and clothes to wear. They can even become doctors. 
At first, Jenny did not believe it, but here was a living person who had come into their world. 
Not a spirit, but a living person/ Through Wynter’s words, Jenny knew that the future she spoke of would certainly happen. 
Jenny would not be able to see that day, but as long as her daughters could be happy, everything was 
worth it. 
Jenny’s eyes blurred. “You are here to look for the little boy, aren’t you? I didn’t capture him. He 
Chapter 605 The Quinrells 
accompanied Isla to that place.” 
“Okay,” Wynter acknowledged.
Inside the house, Jenny’s gaze softened. 
Under the sunlight, her body slowly turned into a mist. 
She had offered her soul to the formation. Only by doing so could it create a new glimmer of life. 
The more harmonious the newspaper reports, the more sinister the happenings behind them. 
Wynter must quickly find Lily and the boy. 
Wynter noticed that the color of the red string around her wrist was fading. The little yellow duck’s presence was also diminishing. 
Wynter needed to carefully plan her access to the heavily guarded Foplya Consulate. If she failed, the Foplyans would not be easy to deal with. 
5 F 3 3 2 2 3 20 FE 
Just as Wynter was about to step onto the street, a newspaper hawker shouted, “Get your newspapers here! Great news! The Quinnells and the Foplyans plan to set up a rescue center. Every child will have 
food and drink and an education.” 
Then, turned toward a man and asked, “Sir, would you like a newspaper?” 
“Go away. I don’t want it.” 
The man impatiently pushed the paperboy to the ground. 
The paperboy rubbed his nose, not bothered by the actions of the rich. He stood up again and continued shouting, “Get your newspapers and the latest news here!”
“Give me a newspaper.” Wynter handed a banknote to the paperboy. 
The paperboy immediately smiled. “Thank you, miss. This issue is very interesting. Everyone said that the Quinnell family would never cooperate with the Foplyans. There must be something fishy going on.” 
“You are a rather bright boy.” 
As Wynter flipped through the newspaper, she suddenly paused. 
It really was… 
Chapter 6051 Am Miss Quinnell
###chapter606
Chapter 606 I Am Miss Quinnell 
It really was someone from the Quinnell family. 
The reason Wynter could be so certain was that both men looked similar. From afar, the old man in the newspaper and her grandfather had more than a passing resemblance. 
No, that was not it. It should be said that her grandfather took after her great–grandfather, both in their physical appearance and imposing manner. 
Wynter folded the newspaper and looked toward the rickshaws and steam–powered cars going back and forth. Then she took Isla’s hand and said, “Let’s go.” 
It was impossible for others not to realize the truth that even a paperboy understood. 
Wynter also believed that the Quinnell family would never cooperate with the Foplyans. There must be a 
reason behind it. 
As a member of the Quinnell family, Wynter was worried that their family would be affected by it. But the most important thing was that she had figured out the fastest way to enter that building. 
Moreover, she did not need to sneak in. 
“Wynter, it’s not in this direction.” 
“I know it’s not this direction. We’re too conspicuous right now, so we need to change our outfits first.” 
A disguise?
A confused Isla was pulled into the most expensive store at Hawford. 
The people at the French Concession paid a lot of attention to modern attire. During that period, things would run more smoothly if one was in modern clothes. 
Isla had been here before, and she liked the customers here the most when she was selling camellias. 
This was because the ladies and gentlemen here would buy a flower or two. She had never felt insignificant here. 
The customers were rich and spoke in a language that Isla could not understand. But strangely enough, the Foplyans had never bullied anyone here before. 
On the contrary, they treated them with courtesy–something that Isla could not get over. 
A store assistant took one look at Isla and said while waving her hand, “Go away. You can’t sell camellias 
here.” 
Isla instinctively wanted to leave. 
Grabbing Isla, Wynter blurted out in a foreign language, “Bring out your dresses in the latest fashion.” 
The sales assistant was nervous because she could ot understand the complicated words, but she noticed Wynter’s jewelry and attire. “Madam, I will bring you whatever you need.” 
“I need a change of sales assistant.” Wynter walked past her and saw someone in the middle of putting 
on their leather shoes. “Please get me two dresses. One large and one small.” 
Though slightly taken aback, the sales assistant immediately went to prepare the dresses.
Wynter was picking up almost everything that she saw. 
By the time Wynter and Isla walked out of the store, their image had totally changed. 
Wynter looked even more charming than before. She wore a white fur coat with an off–shoulder dress inside. She carried a pearl leather handbag, and on her ears were a pair of bespoke gemstone studs. 
Wynter looked like the daughter of an influential family of that era who had just returned from studying 
abroad. 
The sales assistant instantly stepped forward to praise Wynter. 
Wynter casually took off a ring and gave it to the sales assistant in leather shoes. “You can keep this ruby and send the rest of my things to the Quinnell Chamber of Commerce.” 
The Quinnells? 
The sales assistant’s eyes brightened. With Wynter’s buying spree, it seemed like silver was nothing but copper coins to her. There was all the jewelry that she was wearing, too. 
Almost no one doubted Wynter’s identity. They were quietly wondering if this was the Quinnell family’s 
secret daughter. 
This was the effect that Wynter wanted. 
Meanwhile, some Foplyans were coming and going among the people. They appeared to be searching for someone as they took a look at each of the ladies passing by. 
“Have you found her yet?”
“Not yet.” 
“The Emperor is furious. Leonard Smalls had died in a strange manner.” 
“Wait a moment. Isn’t that her?” 
It was Wynter. The Foplyans wanted to go over but heard the people around them say, “No, you cannot arrest her. She is the Quinnell family’s daughter.” 
Chapter 607 Meeting Her Great Gram
###chapter607
Chapter 607 Meeting Her Great–Grandfather 
“The Quinnell family’s daughter?” the Foplyan asked rather stiffly. “Are you certain?” 
The person elaborated, “Her facial features bear some resemblance to those of the Quinnell family. 
“But the most crucial point is, other than the Quinnells, what other family would have such a vast fortune to spend so carelessly? Sirs, she just spent this much silver in the store.” 
The person signed a number. 
The Foplyans stopped what they were doing. They clearly understood what that meant. 
The Quinnells had something they wanted. There was also the fact that they had a lot of say in the 
Chamber of Commerce. There were many things that they had not accomplished yet. 
The plan for the rescue center must be led by the Quinnells. That was the only way the Cascadians would 
believe it and bring their child to them. 
Thus, at this moment, they could not arrest anyone from the Quinnell family. 
There was already one young Quinnell who had gone in as a hostage. If they captured an adult member of the Quinnell family, it could cause Gordon to have other thoughts. Everything would fall through by then. 
So, rather than capturing Wynter then, the Foplyans glanced at each other. 
One of them went to make a report to their superior, as the other three followed behind Wynter.
They wanted to confirm if Wynter was really a Quinnell. If she was not, then Leonard must have been 
killed while trying to arrest her. 
They needed to interrogate her carefully. 
The Foplyans thought they were well hidden. Meanwhile, their interpreter followed behind more 
cautiously. 
Foplyan spies were impressive, especially when shadowing a person. 
Unfortunately, they were up against Wynter. 
As a top investigator, Wynter did not need to turn her head to realize that someone was following behind 
her. 
Wynter raised her hand to stop a rickshaw. She said casually, “Peace Hotel, Quinnell Chamber of 
Commerce.” 
The people following her broke into a cold sweat. 
Fortunately, they did not impulsively arrest Wynter earlier. If their actions affected the Emperor’s plans, they could lose their lives. 
They still needed to shadow Wynter but did not dare to get too close. They only stopped after Wynter brought Isla into the Chamber of Commerce. 
hapter 601 Meeting Her Great
This was because the Quinnell residence was right inside. As the Emperor would be inside now, they 
would surely meat. 
Wynter felt that the atmosphere was not right as soon as she walked in. 
Before the concierge could even greet them, an old voice could be heard from the side. “Now bring your lackey outside,” 
“You do not have to be like this, Mr. Quinnell Senior. The terms offered by the Emperor are excellent. Think about it. You established this business to make a profit, did you not? 
“You might as well cooperate with our Emperor. As long as you agree, we will take a photograph for the 
newspaper. 
“Our Emperor can make things more favorable for future Quinnell family businesses. The most important thing is that your young grandson can return home. Do you understand?” 
Gordon Quinnell, who was in old–fashioned attire complete with a pocket watch and glasses, leaned on his dragon cane. “Who are you to threaten me?” 
He was ready to take action as he said that. 
Rory Turner finally said, “Mr. Quinnell Senior, only peace could lead to prosperity. 
“My people are right outside the Chamber of Commerce. I’ll give you half an hour to consider whether you would like to be a guest at our consulate. 
“If you continue in this manner, I’m sorry, but your grandson has been sent to an unpleasant person. The Quinnells can hand over the item or have your photograph taken.
“If you don’t select either option, regretfully, your grandson will never be able to return home.” 
Roy Carson was translating as Rory said these words. 
Gordon clenched the dragon cane tightly. The Quinnell family had fallen into unprecedented difficulties. 
Higit for the tufvisi Family
###chapter608
Chapter 608 Fight for the Quinnell Family 
From the doorway came a joyful greeting at that moment. 
“Grandpa, I’m back,” said Wynter while ignoring the concierge’s surprise. 
With outstretched arms, she walked naturally toward Gordon. She behaved cheerfully and boldly, like someone who had recently returned home after studying abroad. 
The members of the Quinnell family who were present were utterly confused. 
There were only sons in their family, so where did this young lady come from? 
Under such circumstances, she would normally be considered a swindler. 
But today’s situation was unusual. If this person were a swindler, she would not have chosen this time to impersonate a member of the Quinnell family, especially not with such a flimsy lie. 
The Quinnell family members were all stunned. 
Only
###chapter609
Chapter 609 A Way to Save the Quinnells 
This played a decisive role in the face of the Foplyans‘ aggression. 
One should not be overly offensive. Moreover, the Foplyans wanted to avoid being reported in the 
International newspapers. Any reports of this matter would be detrimental to their image. 
So, Rory quickly apologized, “I am sorry. It is all a misunderstanding.” 
He said that in Cascadian with a very odd accent. 
“Mr. Quinnell, please believe that we are sincere in collaborating with you. My subordinates did not know that this young lady was your granddaughter.” 
After all, their information never showed that the Quinnell family had a daughter. Maybe it was because she went abroad when she was very young. Hence, the data was left out of the investigation. 
Rory bowed and said, “Madam, our apologies for scaring you.” 
Wynter was very direct. “I do not accept your apology. It is terrifying that you could kill people without a thought.” 
Her disposition seemed pure and innocent, as if she had no idea about the current situation. 
Roy angrily wanted to ask if they knew who had the final say. 
They dared to act like this in front of the Foplyans. When the Quinnell family collapsed, they would know how the Foplyans would deal with them.
“Ms. Quinnell, that subordinate of mine merely wanted to talk to you.” Rory wanted this matter to be over as soon as possible. “Moreover, he is dead now. Ms. Quinnell, could you please tell me how he died?” 
Wynter appeared to be shocked. “Is he really dead?” 
Rory stared intensely at Wynter’s beautiful face, hoping to find some flaws in her words. 
No one anticipated that Wynter would laugh nonchalantly and say, “I’m glad he is dead. He wanted to take advantage of me and even tried to rape me.” 
Rory was visibly angered. But since Wynter was openly talking about the matter, it meant that she had nothing to do with his subordinate’s death. 
From this standpoint, it was his loss, and he could only say wanly, “You have misunderstood him.” 
Wynter turned her head away, looking like a delicate lady. 
And the matter passed just like that, though one of his subordinates had died. 
The Quinnell family had the upper hand for the moment. 
Rory tried to think of a solution but ended up conceding. “I can give you an extra half a day to consider. 
But when you arrive at the consulate, it is best that you do not decline.” 
* Kliapter 609 A Way to Save the Quinnells 
When he finished saying that, Rory left with his soldiers. 
After the soldiers had left, Gordon looked at Wynter and asked her, “Young lady, were you sent from the Northern Plains to our family?”
“No, I wasn’t,” Wynter replied without lying to Gordon. “I have a plan to save your grandson. Not only your grandson but also hundreds and even thousands of young children, so I need your help.” 
Gordon rubbed the dragon cane in his hand several times. 
“Young lady, I cannot simply trust you. This concerns the Quinnell family and, more importantly, Cascadia’s economic lifeline. You may not understand, but once I promised…” 
“I do understand. They wanted to publish in the newspapers, using the Quinnell family as an example. 
“If the Quinnells have submitted to Foplya, then the rest of the Cascadian businessmen should be more perceptive. Or else no one would be doing any business. 
“I am fully aware of your influence and status in the business world. This is exactly why you cannot give in. Once you have agreed, our economic situation would be entirely dependent on the Foplyans. 
“When that happens, our whole country will be turned upside down. You need to show everyone that 
Cascadia still has a backbone!” 
Gordon never expected his great ambition to be so accurately e
###chapter610
Chapter 610 Wynter Confesses Her Origins 
Gordon settled his thoughts and pondered for a while before saying, “Tell me your plan.” 
“Father!” 
The Quinnell family members standing to one side could not believe that Gordon would so easily trust a young lady with unknown origins. It was obvious that she had said many things that were untrue. 
Gordon raised a hand to stop the discussion around him and fixed his eyes on Wynter. “But you have to tell me where you are from and why you are being followed by the Foplyans.” 
Π 
“Okay,” Wynter agreed as she looked over everyone in the room. 
Gordon understood her meaning, so he waved everyone out, leaving only a bodyguard to protect him. 
Wynter also lowered her gaze to Isla and patted her on the shoulder. “You go out, too. You can trust that the Quinnells will not make things difficult for you.” 
Looking up again, she requested, “Could someone please get this child something to eat?” 
The Quinnells had a fine daughter–in–law. When she first laid eyes on Isla, she was overcome with emotions. She held out her hand and gestured for Isla to go over to her. 
Though everyone left, they lingered outside the old, two–story mansion. But the doors were closed, and the sound insulation was excellent. 
The Quinnell family mem were very worried for Gordon. At such a critical time, if he was murdered,
then the Quinnells‘ backbone would collapse. Their situation following that would be even more 
challenging. 
Wynter looked at the gray–haired Gordon. 
Since she admired the old man, she did not hide anything from him. 
Her first words were, “I am your descendant from many years in the future.” 
Gordon, who had been drinking tea, suddenly paused. There was tension in his eyes as he asked, “Young lady, do you know what you are saying?” 
“I understand that this is difficult to believe,” Wynter said. 
She took out a handphone from her bag and turned on the screen. There was an ordinary day–to–day video on her handphone. 
“I come from 100 years from now and am a descendant of the Quinnells.” 
Gordon’s eyes widened in disbelief when he saw the phone. 
He had been around. He had even watched movies and studied abroad before. 
But this was different. This triangular device, small cough to be held in the palm, could contain a camera 
and movies. 
Chapter 610 Wystel oder es fier Drigins 
“What is this?” Gordon could not resist asking.
Wynter smilingly replied, “This is a handphone. It is the equivalent of the telephones that you have now.” 
Telephone? Gordon looked at the landline installed in his home and then at the device in his hand. He was already starting to believe Wynter’s words. 
He was still shaken by the scene on the handphone. “Where was this taken?” 
“This is the Northern Plains of the future.” Bringing up another video, Wynter told him, “This is Hawford in 100 years.” 
Gordon could hardly believe his eyes. His hand trembled as he held the handphone. Even his eyes started to blur when he asked, “Hawford? Is this really Hawford?” 
Tall buildings rose from the ground. There were overpasses, automobiles, and bustling places he had never seen before. This was more advanced than the foreign countries. 
“What was that?” Gordon was like an eager student, not wanting to miss a single thing in the video. “It moved past so quickly!” 
Wynter explained in detail, “That is a high–speed train. It is the most advanced technology in our country. 
“In the future, other countries will seek us out for collaboration. They rely on our technology because Cascadian infrastructure, transportation, and network are the most famous in the world.” 
Gordon’s feelings soared as he listened to Wynter. 
He ran his fingers over the screen. “The people have food to eat, and there are no beggars on the streets.”
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>>
###chapter611
Chapter 611 Gordon’s Support 
“Nope. Everyone’s either at work or school. Sometimes, they may go on holidays to relax,” Wynter explained. 
Gordon’s eyes reddened as he said, “That’s great. Truly wonderful!” 
One would never grasp the mindset of someone from a different generation. 
Why should one study hard or strive to earn more money? Because they desired to ensure that their fellow compatriot would not go hungry or suffer from oppression. It was all that mattered. 
Wynter was a normal person, focused solely on herself. But she always held onto the belief that noble Individuals existed in the world. They harbored grand ideals and dedicated themselves to the common people’s welfare. 
Wynter felt immensely fortunate to have been part of the Quinnell family because Gordon was undoubtedly such a person. Although he was a businessman, he was very righteous. 
“What do you need me to do, young lady?” After regaining his composure, Gordon handed back the phone 
to Wynter. 
Though he wished to inspect it further, he had more pressing matters to settle. He needed to remain clear 
-headed. 
Gordon added, “My principle is clear. I will never collaborate with the Foplyans.”
“Don’t worry. You won’t have to do that.” After checking her items, Wynter continued, “As long as you. agree to attend the banquet, leave the rest to me. I won’t let the other parties have any opportunity to take photos.” 
“Are you coming along?” Gordon asked seriously. 
“Of course! I’ll be your granddaughter so I can snoop around the consulate to investigate.” 
Gordon’s first instinct was to reject Wynter’s plan. “You’re planning to investigate the Foplya consulate? 
No, that’s too dangerous.” 
To reassure him, Wynter revealed the gun she 
had hidden. “I killed the Foplyan pursuer myself and took this gun from him. Please trust me, I can take care of myself. 
“Besides, attending the banquet alone would make them suspicious. You can put them at ease if you 
bring me along. 
“I’m just a young woman who has studied abroad and experienced little hardships. You can draw the Foplyan officer’s attention while I sneak around.” 
Wynter raised her hand and continued, “The young girl outside had her sister taken to the Foplya 
consulate a long time ago. Many children have also suffered the same fate. 
‘The Foplyan intend to exploit your influence for something nefarious. The children must be somehow. 
*11 Gordon’s Support
involved. 
“The Foplyans would never educate them out of the goodness of their hearts. Something is going on at 
the consulate, and I must find out.” 
Gordon was reminded of a bloodied young man who had escaped from the Foplya consulate. He had 
asked to see someone from the Youth Daily and handed over a roll of film. The Foplyans had captured 
the man because of that film. 
In the end, the young man didn’t survive. He never even had the chance to deliver the film to the Youth 
Daily. 
The Quinnell family was now under surveillance, making it difficult to make any move. 
The Foplyans were notoriously cunning and would not resort to overt violence. They preferred the young 
man to meet with someone so that they had the chance to capture the entire Youth Daily team. 
Furthermore, the film had been mostly damaged and might not even be salvageable. Wynter was right to 
say that something fishy was happening at the Foplya consulate. 
Gordon leaned on his cane and stood up. “All right, but you must promise me to be cautious inside. They are extremely ruthless. On the Quinnell family’s behalf, I thank you for your efforts.”
Given the nation’s dire circumstances, Gordon had already prepared for the worst. 
Chaste 612 Dalton From a Century Ago
###chapter612
Chapter 612 Dalton From a Century Ago 
Gordon would rather sacrifice himself than let the Foplyans achieve their goal. Now that Wynter was willing to put herself in danger, how could he not be moved? 
He was about to bow to Wynter when she stopped him. 
“Great–great–grandpa, I’m a descendant of the Quinnell family. This is my home, too. If you bow to me, 
my grandfather might slap me when I return,” she teased. 
In truth, Fabian doted on her. There was no way he would hit her. 
Gordon laughed heartily and said, “That does sound like a Quinnell!” 
The rest of the Quinnell family opened the door and heard the laughter echoing 
from within. 
“I have six older brothers, but none want to inherit the family business. They probably feel that such. 
immense wealth is too much to handle.” 
Gordon was amused by Wynter. The Quinnells hadn’t seen him laugh like this in a long time. They felt both wary and grateful toward Wynter. 
Gordon then lifted his gaze and instructed, “Go tell the Foplya envoys that I will attend the banquet. I’ll 
bring Fabian back.” 
The Quinnells were stunned, especially Gordon’s daughter–in–law, Natasha Ilor. She couldn’t fathom
how Wynter had managed to change Gordon’s mind. 
Despite her concern for her youngest son, Natasha understood that Gordon might be viewed as a traitor if he attended the banquet. 
Just as Natasha’s husband, Jake Quinnell, was about to say something, Gordon interrupted him. 
“Prepare a feast. The Quinnell family’s young lady has returned from studying abroad. How could we be so quiet about this? We need to celebrate.” 
The Quinnell family’s young lady? 
Everyone stared at Wynter, who was standing next to Gordon. They felt confused about the situation. 
There had to be sufficient evidence to make people believe her identity. The Foplyans wouldn’t just let it 
go without investigating. 
When Rory received the reply from Gordon, his brows furrowed. “He agreed?” 
“Yes,” the messenger replied/ 
Rory wondered aloud, “This doesn’t seem like something Mr. Quinnell Senior would do.” 
“Maybe it’s because his granddaughter has returned. He must have figured that it’s impossible to oppose 
Chapte: 612 Dalton From a Century Ago. 
you, Mr. Turner,” Roy suggested.
Rory glanced at Roy and asked, “Is that woman really Mr. Quinnell Senior’s granddaughter?” 
“It seems to be the case. The Quinnell family is bustling with activity. The jewelry and dresses 
she bought has all been delivered to the Quinnell family, and their steward has settled the bills,” Roy 
explained. 
Hearing this, Rory’s doubts lessened considerably. “At least Mr. Quinnell Senior knows his place. Settle the preparations,” 
“Yes, sir!” 
Meanwhile, the Quinnell residence was lively. Gordon’s guest list this time was less stringent. He had invited a few close friends, but one guest was surprisingly young and strikingly handsome. 
Wynter was caught off guard to see that he looked the same as he did a century later. 
He was still exuding an air of frail elegance. The only difference was that he wasn’t wearing his usual prayer beads and instead emitted enigmatic danger. 
It was as if this was his true self. He had pale skin, a sharp chin, and sunken cheekbones. 
The man wore a cool–toned sult, and his silver–gray tie was loosely fastened. Beside him stood a 
beautiful, delicate lady. 
Wynter couldn’t help but stare at the man’s mesmerizing face for a while. 
“Dalton Yarwood?” she murmured.
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>>
###chapter613
Chapter 613 Something Is Off About Her 
Dalton raised his gaze and mischievously curved his lips. “Are you Mr. Quinnell Senior’s granddaughter, the one who studied abroad?” – 
Wynter remained composed and replied, “Yes. I’ve heard a lot about you. 
Dalton’s laughter echoed melodically, just like she remembered. “We are meeting for the first time, Ms. Quinnell. How have you heard so much about me?” 
“Your reputation precedes you.” Wynter glanced at Dalton’s female companion and lowered her voice slightly. “I prefer the version of you in a century.” 
She was somewhat concerned about his hedonistic lifestyle. 
Wynter wasn’t sure if Dalton caught her last remark as he let out a cough. “Ms. Quinnell, the way you look at me is quite intriguing.” 
“Is it?” Wynter was waiting for the guests to exit the study. She doubted Gordon had invited these people 
for her to make acquaintances. She guessed that he must be trying to send something away. 
Wynter’s suspicions were accurate. The small–scale gathering wasn’t as simple as it seemed. Gordon was still speaking to someone. 
As Wynter turned away slightly, Dalton approached and remarked, “Forgive me if I’m being rude, Ms.. Quinnell. It seems you’re not particularly fond of me. You look at me as though I’ve cheated on you.”
Wynter couldn’t help but scoff inwardly. “I simply prefer to steer clear of individuals with complicated romantic entanglements,” she replied nonchalantly. 
After a brief moment of hesitation, Dalton let out a light cough. 
Just then, Gordon and his friend emerged from the study. 
“Ah, you’ve already gotten to know each other? I guess there’s no need for me to make further 
introductions.” 
Gordon was surprised that Dalton was conversing with Wynter. After all, he was usually reserved and 
detached from any matters. 
Dalton had arrived in Hawford a year ago. Although he was skilled, he displayed little interest in anything. He always seemed to distance himself from the hustle and bustle of life. 
However, Dalton would occasionally lend a hand when Gordon sought his assistance. 
Today was no exception. No one would have guessed that Gordon had passed the film to Dalton, despite spending his time conversing with his old friend. 
Gordon decided to steer the conversation toward introducing Wynter. 
As time drew near, his friend asked with concern, “Do you really have to go to the Foplya consulate?” 
Chapte: 613 Something Is Off About Her 
Gordon could guess the Foplyans‘ intent behind the invitation. After fetching his hat and putting on his wool coat, he smiled and said, “It doesn’t matter if it’s a trap. Someone has to take a look.” 
Next, he turned to Wyner and asked, “Are you ready, Wynter?” 
“Yes.” Wynter had changed into a stylish dress that showed off her slender, fair legs, with anklets adorned with shiny tokens. Many people turned to look at her as she walked by. 
Gordon and Wynter entered the car arranged by the Foplyans. Wrapped in a fur coat, Wynter exuded elegance. She embodied the grace of a lady from a wealthy Hawford family. 
Just then, a fog descended near the waterfront. The sound of ferries could be heard echoing from the 
pier. 
The woman accompanying Dalton earlier said, “Sir, that can’t possibly be Mr. Quinnell Senior’s granddaughter. There’s something off about her.” 
Dalton, sitting in the back seat of the car, remained silent. He looked away from the window and ran his slender fingers over the matchbox. 
Next, he lit a cigarette and chuckled. “Of course there is. She’s not from this city.”
###chapter614
Chapter 614 Underestimated Wynter 
Thick fog veiled the surroundings outside. 
Meanwhile, at the Foplya consulate, Rory waited patiently for the Quinnells‘ arrival. His personal was a gesture of respect to Gordon. However, he hadn’t expected Wynter to show up. 
reception 
“Mr. Quinnell Senior, why is she here?” Rory Inquired. 
“My granddaughter speaks Foplyanese and can assist as my interpreter. Do you have any ions, Mr. Turner?” Gordon replied. 
It was hard for Rory to refuse, so he gestured and said, “Please.” 
Wynter locked arms with Gordon and scoffed. “Grandpa, this place feels rather small.” 
“It’s indeed smaller than the Quinnell residence,” Rory acknowledged grudgingly. Nevertheless, he admired Wynter’s good looks and family background, as long as she didn’t cause trouble. “Please follow me.” 
The trio then turned a corner to arrive at a spacious villa connected to a soccer field. 
“This will be our future school. After classes, the students can play soccer. There are classrooms over there, and we will invite Foplyanese teachers to conduct lessons,” Rory explained, sounding like a benevolent educator with goodwill.
“Mr. Quinnell Senior, I believe that through our collaboration, more children can receive education and meals,” Rory added persuasively. 
It sounded compelling, almost too good to be true. 
Yet, Gordon remained unfazed. “Educating children is no simple task. We can discuss further over dinner.” 
Rory was convinced his plan was working. After all, when dealing with elderly Cascadians, it was crucial 
to sway them with small gestures. 
In the distance, the faint sound of children reading added to the picturesque setting. 
However, Wynter sensed an underlying unease. The freshly laid lawn, the presence of Foplyanese 
teachers only, and the nighttime classes all raised suspicion in her mind. 
Wynter narrowed her eyes, knowing exactly where she needed to investigate next. 
Gordon had the same thoughts. The two exchanged a knowing glance and started devising a plan. 
However, Rory was shrewd and had prepared for various contingencies. 
Before Gordon and Wynter could settle into their seats, several children rushed over. They joyfully called out to Rory, “Principal Turner!” 
It seemed that all the children were genuinely happy Those accompanying them captured this heartwarming scene on camera. 
Chapte 614 Underestimated Wynter
Wynter’s lips curled slightly. “Mr. Turner, it’s remarkable to have so many children fond of you.” 
Before Rory could reply, a boy interjected, “Principal Turner saved us and provided us with food and shelter. Of course, we like him.” 
“Yeah, that’s right!” 
Rory smiled and said, “Let’s not be rude. This lady and the old gentleman are both friends I Invited. With their help, more children will come to our school in the future. 
The young boy blinked. “More children? But some of them don’t listen and even insult you.” 
Rory dismissed the boy’s comments and urged, “It doesn’t matter. Run along and have fun.” 
However, Wynter sensed something amiss. She focused her gaze on the young boy who was about to 
leave. 
“Mr. Turner, I’m feeling a bit unwell and need to use the washroom.” 
Rory glanced at her and smiled before gesturing to his agents. “Please escort Ms. Quinnell so that she doesn’t get lost. The consulate is very big.” 
The two agents promptly responded, “Yes, Mr. Turner.” 
The well–trained agents would be on alert when there was even the slightest disturbance. 
Wynter flipped her long hair and walked gracefully as if everything was going well.
Although Rory was cautious of Wynter, he believed it was more than sufficient to dispatch six agents to deal with a young lady from abroad. 
#Claim Bonus For Free Every Day?
###chapter615
Chapter 615 Wynter Takes Action 
Rory’s attention was fixed on Gordon. Apart from the conditions he had previously mentioned, he wanted to seize control of the Quinnell family and the Cascadia Trading Association. 
Therefore, as soon as he took his seat, Rory commanded, “Go fetch the Quinnell family’s young master so that Mr. Quinnell Senior can see him.” 
Fabian was the Quinnell Tamily’s Achilles‘ heel, and Rory was determined to exploit it fully. 
As expected, Gordon looked slightly uncomfortable. Rory was thoroughly pleased. He then ordered his men to prepare the food. 
Meanwhile, the agents shadowed Wynter’s every move. From the moment she entered until she left, there appeared to be no cause for alarm. 
Wynter pretended to take a smoke break and asked the agent in a seductive tone, “Do you have a light?” 
As the agent handed the match over, Wynter swiftly raised her hand and struck his pressure point. Those 
lurking in the shadows remained unaware of the swift turn of events. 
Wynter looked up. Her dress concealed a row of silver needles strapped to her long legs. She could end the agents‘ lives in a single move, silently and imperceptibly. 
in 
In fact, the agents maintained their posture so that they remained undetected.
“Retrieve all the weapons on them,” Wynter instructed Leo. He could possess anyone low on luck. Thus, 
the black–clad agents had now become their allies. 
Wynter’s goal was clear as she made her way to the school compound within the consulate. The children 
were happily enjoying their snacks and playing hide and seek. 
Wynter squatted down and greeted them, “Hey, nice to see you all again.” 
The young boy, Gabby, was friendly. “You speak Foplyanese?” 
Wynter chuckled softly. “Yes, I do.” 
Gabby beamed and replied, “I’m learning it, too. The principal said he’d send me to study abroad when I’m 
older.” 
“That’s wonderful. Mr. Turner is a kind person, yet some children still insult him.” Wynter then turned to the agent and remarked. “It’s so unbelievable.” 
Leo, who was now the agent, played along well. “We’ve been deeply misunderstood.” 
Gabby added, “I feel sad whenever someone scolds Principal Turner. Why don’t they believe he’s here to 
save us?
“There are so many people on the streets without foed. The principal and the others left their families behind to come here and help us, but they…” 
Chapter 615 Wynter Takes Action 
Gabby lowered his head before continuing, “I don’t understand. My best friend, Lily, even bit the principal and said he was a bad person and a llar.” 
“Lily? It sounds like your best friend is a girl.” Wynter smiled. 
Gabby blushed and replied, “Yeah, she’s really adorable.” 
“Where is she?” Wynter asked. 
Gabby clutched his fists, and hesitated. “She. She wanted to leave. I told the principal, and she got locked up in the detention room. I didn’t mean it. Why does she want to leave? Isn’t it good here?” 
His confusion and anger were palpable. 
Straightening up, Wynter met his gaze. “It’s not good here. Mr. Turner treats all of you like animals. He conditioned your behaviors, influenced your thoughts, and eroded your conscience. 
“He made you forget what it means to be loyal to your country and family. You’ve been raised well here, 
so you don’t think about your parents anymore. 
“But Lily is different. Although young, she knows she’s a person, not a pet. She won’t be obedient just 
because she is well–fed.”
The sudden change in Wynter’s demeanor left Gabby stunned. His thoughts spun in disarray. Parents? His parents… 
S?arch the .net website on Ggl? to access chapters of novels early and in the highest quality.
###chapter616
Chapter 616 The Formation Was Found 
Gabby buried his face in his hands and started to tear up. Memories of his past surged back. 
His mother frantically shoved him into the wardrobe to shield him from the armed men who barged into the room. Her clothes were torn in the struggle, and there was blood everywhere. 
His dad, a reporter, lay lifeless on the floor with his glasses askew. The study was a mess. 
Finally, the principal found him and carried him out of the wardrobe. He remembered his mother’s screams echoing from behind. 
Gabby turned pale as he murmured, “Mom, no! No!” 
Leo quickly covered Gabby’s mouth. “Master, something’s wrong with him.” 
Wynter silenced Gabby with a touch. Her expression darkened as she said, “If you have any humanity left, take me to the detention room to find Lily.” 
Gabby bit his lip in anguish before finally nodding. Wynter was close behind. Her distrust was evident. 
No children wanted to go to the detention room. The principal had made it clear that only those who made mistakes would end up there. 
Most people stayed away from the detention room. Thus, Wynter and the others did not encounter any guards on their way there. 
Nearing the detention room, the tokens on Wynter’s ankle started to vibrate violently. This signified that the suppressed resentment had reached a boiling point. 
Feeling uneasy, Leo called out to Wynter, “Master.”
Wynter followed his gaze and noticed a Foplyanese teacher dragging a student. The trio lurked in the dark. and watched. 
The Foplyanese teacher scowled and hurled insults at the girl. “You pathetic fool! You’re nothing but a scum at the bottom of society. No amount of teaching can fix you.” 
With a forceful shove, he pushed the girl forward and hissed, “Get in there. You shall starve tomorrow.” 
The Foplyanese teacher’s demeanor changed drastically as soon as he entered the classroom. 
The unsettling encounter occurred before they reached the detention room, Wynter glanced at the bewildered young boy, who seemed eager to explain that the teacher, Meg Troff, wasn’t usually so harsh. 
Without wasting any time, Wynter instructed, “Lead the way. 
One side of the campus was brightly lighted and buzzed with energy, while the other was dim and exuded a somber atmosphere. As night descended, the latter became increasingly eerie and unsettling. 
The place’s layout seemed familiar. It was reminiscent of the Yeaton family’s backyard. Although the 
architectural style was different, the formation was identical. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow as she didn’t believe it was a mere coincidence. 
The corridor was adorned with murals depicting the Foplyans‘ deeds. Despite their brutal acts of invasion and torture, they claimed to be heroes. 
Wynter played with the borrowed matchstick as her gaze lingered on the detention room in the courtyard. It resembled a student dormitory from the outside, with a lock hanging on the door.
As Gabby said he didn’t have the key, Wynter decided to use a silver needle and strings to unlock the door. 
To her disappointment, the detention room was empty. There was only a bed and a desk, scattered with books and a notebook with apologetic notes. 
Gabby rummaged through the items but found nothing. However, he noticed some lines in the notebook. that read, “I’m so happy. They said I can return home today! I can finally see my mom and sister.” 
The words were written haphazardly, with some mistakes. Gabby eagerly showed it to Wynter to reassure her that Lily was safe. 
Wynter gazed at the notebook but remained unfazed. Her dress provided a good cover to hide the flashlight strapped to her leg. Unlike Leo, she was a doctor, impervious to the formation’s effects. 
As Wynter started to investigate, she realized the scent of blood lingered faintly in the air. There were 
also traces of drag marks under the bed. 
? Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
Gob 
###chapter617
Wynter’s gaze followed the marks which abruptly halted at the corner of the wall. 
“These marks are odd,” she remarked while tapping the ground lightly with her left hand. Suddenly, she heard a hollow sound. 
The place beneath was hollow! 
“Master, what is it?” Leo asked in puzzlement. 
Wynter found the mechanism and explained, “It’s a hidden chamber.” 
A hidden chamber? 
Just as Leo was pondering. Wynter noticed several books on the shelf. She adjusted them back and forth according to the marks. When the final book was in place, a click was heard. 
The wooden floor revealed an opening. A chilly gust of air emanated from the hidden space. 
Wynter wasted no time lifting the wooden panel and gestured for Leo and Gabby to enter first. 
It was crucial to secure the parameters as this was the heart of the formation. Even if one tried to conceal the location, it was almost impossible for the scent to dissipate. 
The retreat path for the Earthbound Formation was important. As places like this couldn’t be locked, Wynter deliberately left a lucky coin outside. 
However, she failed to notice that a wooden puppet was stuck behind the bookshelf. 
The puppet looked very similar to a certain person!
Unlike other formations, the resentment seemed less intense as one approached the heart. It almost seemed as though the resentment had disappeared. This made it all too easy to overlook the finer details. 
Once the wooden panel was lifted, the trio uncovered a wooden door, behind which lay a spiral ladder. 
It took a long time for them to climb down the winding ladder. Leo descended first, followed by Gabby, 
and then Wynter. 
After their descent, the trio realized this wasn’t a hidden compartment. The space was expansive, and the temperature was chilly. Furthermore, the place was filled with an array of medical equipment. 
Wynter’s eyes narrowed as she walked forward. She halted abruptly at the sound of approaching voices. Three to four individuals in lab coats and masks seemed to be in search of a missing person. 
“What happened to No. 106?” 
“I’m not sure. Her door is always open. I don’t know where she went.” 
“Where could she have gone after the injection? Search carefully.” 
Wynter lowered her gaze when she noticed a reaction from the yellow duck. Nixon must be nearby. 
Next, Wynter strode off in the opposite direction and swiftly grabbed a lab coat from a person walking by. With a quick motion, she silenced the woman before she could notify her co–workers.
Wynter assumed the identity of the person she knocked out. Just then, a co–worker grasped her hand as. they moved along. 
“Why are you here? No. 106 has been found. She’s on the third basement level.” 
After signaling Leo to look after Gabby, Wynter followed the rest to the lower floor. 
Her ability to speak fluent Foplyanese and knowledge of medical equipment allowed her to blend in successfully. As a result, she discovered the Foplyans‘ true intentions. 
They weren’t building a school but were setting up a medical research institute! 
The small cages held animals like rabbits and mice, while larger ones contained the missing children. The Foplyans were using them as subjects of inhuman experiments. 
Wynter seethed with anger. She wanted to eradicate the scumbags wearing the lab coats, but she knew it wouldn’t break the formation. Hence, she followed them into a cage. 
Inside, Lily lay on the ground, barely conscious and limp. She had been captured once again, and they 
were now assessing her physical condition. 
One of the researchers mocked, “Haha! This idiot is so stubborn. The data we’ve obtained this time is 
quite good. She’s still holding on.”
###chapter618
Chapter 618 An Eye for an Eye 
Atwater had taught Wynter that letting the spirits sway her emotions was the most important thing to avoid in the Earthbound Formulation. 
These entities within the formation belonged to the past and couldn’t be changed. 
Breaking the formation required one to be compassionate. However, Wynter lacked the generosity to show compassion to the Foplyans. Her gaze remained fixed on the syringes laid out on the trolley. 
Meanwhile, the Foplyans laughed heartily, oblivious to the imminent danger. 
Wynter walked to a corner of the laboratory and released the twins. “An eye for an eye,” she uttered. 
Moments later, the Foplyans who had just apprehended Lily felt a sudden chill around his neck. It was as if someone was breathing down on him. 
He asked his colleague, “Do you find the wind rather strong today?” 
“No,” the person replied while gripping his hand. He seemed unaware of his diminishing strength. 
Suddenly, one of them reached out. “Hold on. What’s this?” 
Blood? How could there be blood? 
The trio froze, their faces drained of color. 
A weak voice echoed from above, “I’m in pain. Mister, did you see my hand?” 
Beads of sweat formed on the trio’s foreheads as they recalled dissecting the children for experiments 
The dead foolish children must be back to exact their revenge. That must be it!
“Did you hear that?” One of them grabbed Wynter and pulled her close. “Did you hear that creepy sound?” 
Wynter appeared puzzled. “Creepy sound? Was it the water dripping?” 
The researcher’s face turned even paler. He nervously scanned his surroundings as his legs trembled. 
Without warning, another researcher kicked the cart and bellowed, “Come, then, you brats! We killed you 
once, and we can do it again!” 
Their haughty attitudes revealed an absence of remorse. 
While demons in hell were terrifying, the Foplyans” malicious behaviors showed they were worse than any 
infernal creatures. 
Wynter lifted her gaze and signaled for the twins to continue. 
This time, they forced the researcher to harm himself. Not only did he slap himself, but he also administered the drug from the trolley into his thigh. 
Several of the researchers realized something eerie was going on. When they attempted to flee, they found the laboratory door locked. 
Chapte: 618 An Eye for an Eve 
This was reminiscent of the moments when they imprisoned the children and relished their despair. Now,
their roles were reserved. 
The Foplyans‘ desperate attempts to kick down the door proved futile. 
“How could these spirits escape? Didn’t the emperor say that the spirits would not come out if the master. 
was around? 
Master? Wynter grasped a crucial detail. Ever since entering the Earthbound Formation, she found it odd that the nearer they were to the heart of the formation, the lesser the resentment. 
If the red shoe’s owner was the formation’s master, why didn’t the formation break after the resentment 
was alleviated? 
Wynter hadn’t experienced this in the previous two formations. However, upon entering this one, she realized someone was using the Earthbound Formation to influence the present. 
The formation aimed to sever the Quinnell family’s generations–long fortune in national trading. Wynter developed this hypothesis when she first met Gordon. 
However, after entering the consulate, she wondered where the missing children’s spirits had gone.. Whether living or dead, there should have been some traces left behind. Yet, Wynter couldn’t find any 
clues. 
Wynter had no leads earlier, but now she did. Everything seemed connected to the “master” mentioned by 
the Foplyans.
If Wolf were here, he could have sniffed out the culprit. But now, Wynter could only rely on her 
assessment. 
She mentally reviewed everyone she had encountered. No one had shown any signs of resentment. Leo and the twins would have sensed it if it had been present. 
Perhaps, there was something unique about this situation.
###chapter619
Chapter 619 The Importance of Serving the Country 
Wynter’s expression darkened as she reflected on the strange occurrences since they had entered. The Foplyans in the laboratory were driven to madness by fear. 
Wynter needed to get Lily out of the laboratory quickly. Her condition was critical after having lost too much blood. However, Lily was terrified of Wynter because of her white lab coat and tried to flee. 
Wynter grabbed Lily’s hand and whispered, “Your sister and mother sent me to rescue you. They’re very worried about you.” 
Lily’s eyes widened, and she clung to Wynter. As Wynter noticed the little girl could only whimper, she realized Lily had lost her ability to speak. 
Pausing for a moment, she asked, “Apart from the Foplyanese soldiers, have you seen anyone here who isn’t wearing a lab coat? If you have, nod your head.” 
Just as Lily pondered who among them wasn’t wearing lab coats, Leo called out urgently, “Master, we’re running out of time.” 
When Lily saw Gabby following behind Leo, she clung desperately to Wynter, as if trying to say something. 
Gabby’s eyes reddened. “Lily, how did you end up like this? I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have told the principal you 
wanted to leave.” 
Lily shook her head and backed away, looking very distressed. Meanwhile, Gabby cried and kept
apologizing. 
Leo watched with a troubled expression. Just as he was about to speak, a sudden noise came from the right. The hallway stretched on, with paintings hanging on the walls. 
The lucky coin on Wynter’s ankle started vibrating–a sign that Nixon’s spirit was near! 
As Wynter stood up, Lily sensed her intention to leave and tightened her grip while shaking her head vigorously. 
“Don’t worry. It’s all right,” Wynter reassured Lily and handed her over to Leo. 
After a few steps, she glanced back and said to Gabby, “Come with me. Leo can’t manage both of you 
alone.” 
Gabby’s face paled, but he nodded in agreement. Lily looked up, urgently making sounds at Wynter. However, she knew Wynter could not understand her, so she couldn’t even gesture to communicate with 
her. 
Wynter patted Lily’s head and said, “Listen to me, Lily. You have to find a way out. Only then can the Foplyans‘ evil deeds here be exposed. 
“Leo will help you. After leaving the consulate, head south and look for the Quinnell family. Pass this Information to them.” 
Wynter handed the documents and lab reports to Lily. “These materials will prove that the Foplyans have 
Chapter 619 The importance of Serving the Country
been deceiving Cascadian children with promises of education, only to brainwash them before sending them to Foplya.. 
“After they return to Cascadia, they will serve as spies for the Foplyans. 
“It’s crucial to inform the Quinnells that these children have been brainwashed. They need to intervene 
and defend against them. 
“More importantly, Mr. Quinnell Senior needs to broadcast this information to the world. He must expose the Foplyans for their inhumanity and utter disregard for ethics by using children as subjects for their 
experiments.” 
Wynter meticulously detailed each note, instructing Lily on whom to deliver them to and how. 
Although Lily was still a child and might not remember everything, she clutched the black bag tightly, nodding vigorously at Wynter’s instructions. 
Though Lily couldn’t speak, she repeated Wynter’s words in her mind so she wouldn’t miss out on any 
details. 
Even though she couldn’t voice her thoughts, one thing was clear to her–she had to get out. No matter how difficult it was, Lily had to survive and spread the message, just like the boy who had entered before 
her. 
Lily wanted everyone to know that this place was a living hell, not a school!
Chapter 620 Gods Blessings
###chapter620
Chapter 620 God’s Blessings 
After Leo brought Lily away, Wynter glanced at the clock in the laboratory before picking up an iron rod. 
As she moved toward the clock, the scent of blood grew stronger. 
Behind her, Gabby seemed frightened as he called out to Wynter with each step. Ignoring him, Wynter observed the corridor before raising her hand to flick on the light switch. 
“Just as I 
st as I suspected, it’s an Eight Trigrams Formation.” 
Wynter had found the laboratory’s layout peculiar since they entered. 
It was circular on the outside, with the energy converging at one point. The paintings on the walls had 
strategic placements, and the terrain was slightly uneven. 
Wynter poured some solution from a wooden rack to find the lowest point on the ground. Following the flow, she spotted a well not far away. 
Although the water was collecting on the surface, it trapped souls beneath. 
Wynter’s eyes narrowed slightly. This was the spot. 
Gabby clutched her hand. “Are we really going over there? It looks so scary.” 
“It might be scary for others, but it isn’t scary for you,” Wynter retorted. 
Gabby looked puzzled. “What are you talking about?”
“Are you still going to pretend?” Wynter glanced at his feet and continued, “Foplyanese girls wear wooden clogs and take small, quick steps. That’s a habit you haven’t managed to change.” 
A nervous smile appeared on Gabby’s innocent face. “What are you talking about, miss? I’m a boy. After I came here, the teachers taught us to walk this way.” 
“There’s no need to pretend now that it’s just the two of us,” Wynter said calmly. 
Suddenly, Gabby’s hair began to grow longer, and his clothes started to transform. “When did you start suspecting me? Was it just now?” 
Wynter remained calm. “I suspected you before we entered. I usually don’t guard against children, and you had no resentment, so you seemed to have a pure soul. However, something was off. Children usually avoid things they fear. 
“For example, all the children were afraid of the detention room. Even if they were brainwashed, they would try to stay away from it. But you didn’t seem terrified, only apologetic. 
“After seeing how fearful Lily was of you, I became even more certain of your identity. 
“It’s difficult for adults to monitor children’s true feelings and thoughts because children tend to hide things from their teachers. However, they are more willing to share their feelings with their peers.” 
The little boy had turned into a girl wearing a traditional Foplya dress. 
Chapter 620 God’s Blessings 
“It’s rare to find a Cascadian who knows so much. Since you know I’m not an ordinary human, you should be smart enough to decide in your best interest. Cascadia is doomed soon.
“If it weren’t for those adults who smoke opium, how could it be so easy for us to get our hands on those children? My loyal servants brought me to Cascadia to worship me. Now, I’ve regained my human form.” 
The girl walked to Wynter in her wooden clogs. “Soon, I’ll achi
###chapter621
Chapter 621 Lord Gabby 
Wynter chuckled softly at the words. “God’s blessings?” 
*I forgive your rudeness. When Gabby spoke, her mouth moved stiffly. “You may not fully understand my origins, but I’m the embodiment of God In Foplya. 
“People worship me and pray for peace and blessings. And I have the power to grant it.” 
As she said that, she lifted her left hand slightly, causing all the appliances around her to levitate into the air. Her long hair billowed with a glow as if caught in an invisible breeze. 
At the same time, Rory, who was drinking with Gordon, suddenly stood up as if sensing something amiss. He knew something was happening with Gabby. 
Rory couldn’t believe anyone in the Quinnell family could pose a threat to Gabby. He assumed the children he provided her this time didn’t satisfy her, which was why she was angry. 
Straightening his clothes, he said, “You guys keep Mr. Quinnell Senior company. I’ll be back shortly.” 
Gordon rose, trying to keep him there. He knew Wynter had been discovered, as this was part of their plan. 
Before Wynter had left the car, she had told him that if Rory left the room, it meant she had found what 
she was looking for. He should take the opportunity to get Fabian out. 
But now, faced with the reality, Gordon hesitated. How could he let Wynter face the danger alone, especially when she was a descendant of the Quinnell family? 
“Mr. Turner,” Gordon called out, “if you leave now, does our agreement still stand?”
Rory hesitated. He had worked hard to make Gordon waver. If he continued the discussion, he could 
secure protection. But Gabby… 
As Rory paused, he heard a chilling voice in his ear. “What are you doing? Get to the underworld, now!” 
With a snap, the wooden doll in his hand shattered. 
Something had definitely gone wrong. Gabby would not waste her power to summon him this way unless 
it was urgent. 
Rory no longer cared about Gordon. He believed the Quinnell family’s situation was already under control. 
While the grand plan was important, Gabby’s immortality was his true reason for coming to Cascadia. 
After several experiments, Gabby/could finally choose any vessel she wanted. 
Once her heart was implanted in the little girl’s body, she would walk the earth like a normal person. 
The next step was to absorb Cascadia’s fortune. If Gabby succeeded, she could return to her former glory from 50 years ago. 
He believed Gabby possessed supreme abilities, such as granting immortality. She could even restore his family to its royal status. 
Chapter 621 Lord Gabby 
Rory had his ambitions, and Gabby knew he wouldn’t abandon her. Those who did were always met with 
severe repercussions. 
Her summoning became more intense. Countless specks of light emerged from the well, swirling around 
Gabby. 
She radiated an indescribable presence of wisdom, enhanced by her traditional attire, making her seem 
truly divine. 
To anyone else, this sight would have been awe–inspiring. Unfortunately for Gabby, she was facing Wynter. 
“I really hate it when people try to make me submit.” Wynter ignored Gabby’s divine glow and smirked. “I might consider it if you’re the God of Wealth. After all, I could use some money.
###chapter622
Chapter 622 Find the Original Body 
Wynter raised the iron rod. “Are you, a Foplya wooden doll, claiming to be God? Sorry, it seems that our textbooks on mythology don’t match. And I don’t play with dolls, nor do I wish to become your slave. 
“I just have one question. Will you expel the spirits you’ve swallowed, or do I have to beat them out of you? 
As Wynter said that, she had already bitten her finger. She smeared the blood along the iron rod, infusing it with her power. 
Gabby’s eyes narrowed as she noticed Wynter’s defiance. An intense resentment flared in her gaze. It was pure malice. 
“You Cascadians really like to do things the hard way. Since you won’t submit, stay and keep me company. Your body is much more suitable for me. The blood of a cultivator smells better.” 
Gabby licked her lips, and suddenly, she vanished. 
Gabby was not a lingering spirit. Once she left her shell, it would immediately perish. The little boy earlier 
was nothing more than a remnant. 
The entire laboratory echoed with Gabby’s chilling and sinister laughter. She was chanting curses in 
Foplyanese.
Instantly, the spirits turned into ghosts. Nearly 100 children with empty eyes outstretched their hands, all 
targeting Wynter. 
Among them was Nixon’s semi–transparent figure. 
Gabby’s voice echoed. “Aren’t you very capable? Then kill these spirits. Only by killing them all can you 
truly defeat me. 
“If I’m not mistaken, you aren’t even from this world. Your spells can only unleash a fraction of their power 
here, right? 
“If you want to survive, you just need to destroy them completely! Hahaha! I love watching Cascadians kill 
each other. 
“During classes, their children would harm each other just for some extra food. Don’t disappoint me. Start 
killing!” 
Her laughter was like a demonic chant, resonating in Wynter’s ears. 
Standing in the center, she gripped the iron rod with the purple sugilite pendant on her wrist. The lucky token could only hold off the spirits for a while. Eventually, they would reach her.
Ordinary spirits were one thing, but these children had been murdered and left unburied. Their resentment 
would drag Wynter into an abyss of despair. 
Just then, Wynter recalled some legends she had read online about Foplya dolls. 
? Chapte, 627 Find the Original Body 
She needed to find the original body. It was the vessel that was storing the spirits. Destroying it would free the spirits from enslavement, 
But where was Gabby’s original body? 
Wynter’s vision was blurred by the thickening black mist as the air was filled with resentful spirits. 
Gabby’s laughter continued, insidiously gnawing at her mind. 
Wynter tried to stay calm, but her eyes had already turned a deep crimson when she opened them. The iron rod in her hand rose as if guided by an unseen force. 
Just as her consciousness began to slip, a deep, melodious voice pierced through the darkness. “Are you looking for this?” 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###chapter623
Chapter 623 Dalton Yarwood. 
The tall figure stood amidst the blood mist, completely unfazed by the surrounding evil spirits. 
The resentment couldn’t touch him. Instead, they dissipated as they approached him. It wasn’t due to any protective charm he carried, but rather, his very being instilled a profound fear in all souls. 
Wynter’s mind cleared almost instantly. The distracting chant and the spirits under Gabby’s control all halted their actions. 
Though their eyes remained blood–red and their forms grotesque, they respectfully lowered their gazes upon seeing the newcomer. They even created a path for him. 
The tall man wore a pure black wool coat. As he strode forward, he exuded the air of a businessman from Hawford–refined and gentlemanly, perhaps educated abroad with a hint of 19th–century etiquette. 
His face was strikingly handsome and cold. Only Wynter’s fiancé could possess such a complex and intricate spiritual form. 
However, it seemed that this version of him from a century ago didn’t have such a short lifespan. 
He should have been the least likely to be superstitious. Yet, here he was, casually strolling in with a Foplya wooden doll in hand, wearing leather gloves as if afraid of dirtying himself. 
The doll seemed to sense danger. Its eyes snapped open and glowed menacingly. Its hair grew wildly, attempting to ensnare Dalton’s hand like it had a mind of its own. 
Dalton raised his gaze and pulled its hair with his finger. The wooden doll emitted an unprecedented 
scream.
In an instant, the atmosphere in the laboratory shifted. The light bulbs began to flicker and buzz erratically. 
Gabby obviously panicked. “Release the sacred item at once!” 
As she said that, the wooden doll, which had come alive, straightened and lunged at Dalton’s shoulder. She intended to bite him. 
Wynter swiftly flicked her left hand, sending the lucky token, pierced by a silver needle, through the doll’s 
heart. 
Instantly, the laboratory shook violently. An endless stream of blood began gushing from the ancient well. 
Gabby went berserk, determined to drag both intruders into the well. 
She summoned more resentment to form a vortex above the consulate. With that, she could pull in all the spirits on the land to her aid. 
“You Cascadians have no reverence for God!” Gabby, now in the wooden doll, flew into the air. It glowered down at the two figures below. “I shall judge you in the name of God!” 
Faces began to emerge from the ground. They stared at Wynter and Dalton through the mist. 
Chapter 623 Dahon Yorwood 
There were expressions of pain, pleading, anger, malice, and bloodlust. Each face mouthed silent words that initially seemed meaningless but carried a malevolent chant that could drive one mad upon listening
closer. 
Though Wynter had never encountered this, she had heard Atwater mention it. 
This was a phenomenon known as “Hundred Ghosts Weeping“, a phenomenon that only occurred during major calamities. 
It was extremely rare, with only a few occurrences recorded in ancient texts. Those with a deeper 
knowledge of the Arcane Way were more susceptible to its influence, which could lead to confusion and mental disarray.
###chapter624
Chapter 624 The Lord Strikes 
Hundred Ghosts Weeping usually occurred during times of ancient wars when countless lives were lost. Many of them were ordinary citizens with various unfulfilled desires and grievances. 
This made the situation extremely difficult to resolve. Such spirits, having died unnatural deaths, could 
not be forcibly exorcised. 
Atwater had assured Wynter that Hundred Ghosts Weeping was unlikely to happen in peaceful times, as the natural cycle of life and death usually prevented the rise of such phenomena. 
She had once asked him what to do if she ever encountered such a situation. 
Atwater’s advice was simple and practical–run as far as possible. There was no shame in not being able 
to fight 100 ghosts. 
Wynter, however, had no intention of running. She looked at Gabby, who had gone nearly insane in the air. 
Gabby had summoned their Cascadian spirits, exploiting the nation’s grievances to turn their own against 
them. 
Wynter narrowed her eyes. The idea of deicide crossed her mind for the first time. 
Gabby wasn’t entirely lying.
In Foplya, wooden dolls were used in rituals and were considered minor deities. But here, Gabby was abusing Cascadia’s spirits for her own gain. 
Wynter tightened her grip on the iron rod, ready to strike. But before she could act, Dalton intervened. 
He cleared his throat and looked up at Gabby, A faint, almost non–existent smile played on his lips. “Do you think you can judge me?” 
In the next instant, his attire transformed. Gone was the businessman’s outfit. Instead, he was cloaked in an ancient, blood–red robe with wide sleeves. 
His overwhelming presence made it hard for everyone to breathe. 
With every step he took, the sound of bells echoed as the red spider lilies swayed. 
Gold–bronze Fankrit inscriptions snaked from his neck but were concealed. The air thickened with blood mist, and the ground trembled. 
No one knew which idiot had the audacity to provoke the lord. 
As black feathers fell, Dalton seemed to have teleported. He was now grabbing a spirit in mid–air. His blood–red cloak concealed his pale jaw, and his eyes were filled with a frost–tinged black mist. 
“That was really unpleasant to hear.” 
With a loud thud, he slammed the spirit to the ground Before she could struggle, Dalton had already seized Gabby, who was still in mid–air. 
Chapter 624 The Lord Strikes 
The faces of spirits recolled at his feet. None dared to move, and no spirit from the well dared to emerge.
Gabby finally grasped Dalton’s terrifying power. She moved her limbs clumsily and asked in a raspy voice,” 
Who are you?” 
“I’ve been worshiped much longer than you,” Dalton said while gripping her neck. “How dare an exiled evil spirit claim to be God?” 
Sensing the danger, Gabby tried to escape. 
Dalton’s voice was slow and deliberate. “Karma isn’t usually my concern. After all, fate is human– made, and I’m not particularly kind. 
“But you just couldn’t stay quietly as a doll. You messed around and dirtied my place. It’s truly irritating.” 
Hearing his words, Gabby completely panicked. “Spare me, please! As long as you spare me, these spirits. 
are all yours!” 
Never before had she pleaded like this.
###chapter625
Chapter 625 Consider to Stay 
Even during the upheavals in Foplyn, where Gabby was seen as a symbol of misfortune, she remained an unquestionable God in some fanatical followers‘ eyes. 
They worshiped her, and many powerful figures sought her revival, hoping to harness her divine power to achieve their ends. She didn’t fear any cultivators, either. 
But who exactly was this man standing before her? How could he not be affected when her most vengeful long hair pierced into his arm? 
And why were those spirits so afraid of him that they retreated to the depths of the underworld? They wouldn’t even dare to come out and try to fight him, despite having made pacts with her. 
Gabby couldn’t understand. Things had spiraled beyond her expectations. She had never imagined that someone would truly be able to harm her. 
She had experienced Foplya’s ups and downs before being brought to Cascadia by the Turner family. She couldn’t just vanish into thin air like this. 
An idea popped up in Gabby’s mind. “Or would you perhaps like a fresh vessel? That woman over there is not bad! As long as you spare me, I can give her to you, and Rory will be under your control as well. 
“You should know that nowadays in Cascadia, what the Foplyans say is like a royal decree. What do you 
want? I can give-” 
Dalton seemed to be too bored to listen to Gabby’s ramblings. He tightened his grip on her neck.
With a crack, he crushed the wooden doll in his palm. “You don’t need to worry about what I want. A. plaything like you shouldn’t talk so much.” 
His words were casual. With a blow, the wooden doll turned into ashes. 
Despite his ailing appearance, his body was shrouded in swirling black mist. It was as if he didn’t acquire it, but it was instead the very origin of the darkness. 
Across the myriad spirits, Wynter met his gaze. 
His eyes remained unchanged. They were deep and composed. 
He seemed to chuckle softly. “Did I scare you?” 
Wynter watched as the bloodthirsty atmosphere gradually dissipated in the laboratory. She didn’t forget to summon Nixon’s spirit back and put it in the yellow duck. 
Her movements showed no signs of being frightened, Instead, she lifted her chin toward Dalton. “Quite impressive.” 
She was commenting on his actions earlier. 
Dalton lightly coughed. “Oh, I was worried you’d be scared off after witnessing this scene, then run to Mr. Quinnell Senior and spill my secrets.” 
Chapter 625 Consider to Stay 
“I don’t know much about your secrets.” Wynter glanced at the well nearby. “But I heard you mention being worshiped. If you’re into offerings, I could light some candles for you regularly.” 
This was the first time Dalton had heard such an amusing remark. “I’ll pass on the offerings. But how about considering staying?”
His deep laughter made Wynter frown. “Stay? To conduct human experiments?” 
“You know what I mean.” When Dalton lowered his gaze, he looked more vulnerable than ever but was still beautiful. “You’re not from this world.” 
Wynter’s fingers paused. She was now wary of Dalton. “What if I say I don’t want to consider it?” 
“Then my methods of keeping you won’t be so gentle.” Dalton sighed as if resigned. He gazed at Wynter with an affectionate look. 
He not only possessed a striking face but also had a remarkably captivating voice.. 
It was a shame he didn’t take on the role of the main villain, given how pleasing his voice sounded when he spoke of imprisoning her.
###chapter626
Chapter 626 Wynter’s Bold Move 
Wynter wondered if Dalton knew he looked like this 100 years ago. 
She smiled faintly. “I think we’re more sulted in the next life.” 
“It seems I’ll really have to take action.” Smiling, Dalton moved slightly and was already in front of Wynter. 
His movement was so swift that even though Wynter reacted, her chin was already pinched between his 
fingertips. 
In the darkness, Dalton, clad in a blood–red robe, lowered his gaze. His breath mingled with a pleasant sandalwood scent. Despite the situation, he still exuded the most refreshing fragrance. 
“Relax, I’ll be gen-” 
Before Dalton could finish the word “gentle“, Wynter acted one step ahead and sealed his colorless lips 
with a kiss as her hand rested on his waist. Her movements were more adept than his. 
The sudden tenderness caught Dalton off guard, causing him to forget what he was about to do next. His eyes, usually devoid of emotion, showed surprise at that moment. 
Even the spirits under the ancient well trembled along. Some dared not to show themselves, while others witnessed it firsthand. 
They were sure that Wynter would be dead. How dare she kiss the lord?
Never had a person–or rather, a soul–escaped from him alive. 
The spirits felt that humans these days were really audacious. 
They still remembered what happened last time in Ghoulton, when one of the maids dared to flirt with Dalton. The outcome was unimaginable. 
Seeing this scene before them, the spirits were certain that Wynter would meet a painful demise. 
The spirits, who had been seething with resentment just moments ago, were all hiding now. There was no way they would dare to show themselves. 
They only hoped that Dalton would quickly dispose of Wynter so they wouldn’t be dealt with. After all, they had also been deceived into coming out of the underworld. 
They were controlled by Gabby before. Only now did they begin to awaken to their senses. 
Dalton couldn’t hear the spirits‘ muttered complaints. His attention was fully focused on the woman 
before him. 
Initially, he didn’t pay much attention to her, just finding her familiar. 
Relying on this familiarity, hé probed her soul. He knew she didn’t belong here and found this new experience somewhat entertaining. So, when he sensed danger from her location, he rushed over. 
He didn’t like others touching his belongings, but Gabby had touched Wynter. He was thinking of having 
Chapter 626 Wynter’s Bold Move 
Wynter properly clean herself later.
But what was she doing right now… 
Dalton clenched his hand. His long, black lashes trembled slightly. 
Meanwhile, Wynter smirked, realizing that regardless of the time, Dalton remained incredibly innocent. 
Although he looked stunning now, those entering the formation must always understand one thing–this was a place of remnants. 
Wynter acted swiftly and set off the nearby alarm. 
At the same time, Rory burst in with his men. 
He looked at the shattered wooden doll on the ground. He never imagined the outcome would turn out to 
be this bad. 
“I finally picked a body for Lord Gabby. What have you done to her? You bastard!” Rory to shoot. 
wanted 
Dalton in the back. 
At once, Wynter kicked him hard and twisted his hand. The gun went off, but it hit Rory himself. 
There were many legends about the Foplya wooden doll. The worshipers must also be eradicated to prevent the doll from resurrecting. 
The worshiper in this formation was Rory, but there were other worshipers outside. She needed to finish up things here and leave the formation quickly.
###chapter627
Chapter 627 Chaotic Foplya Consulate 
The wounded Rory let out a hoarse roar. 
Wynter knew that more people would be coming in. She glanced at Dalton and said, “I’ll leave this to you. 
Until we meet again.” 
Her words sounded nice, but in reality, she was just using these Foplyans as a barrier to block Dalton. 
Dalton chuckled at her words. “You better really be able to run.” 
“Later.” Wynter didn’t waste any more time. Judging from Dalton’s demeanor, she might not make it out 
alive if she were caught. 
He could crush a wooden doll so easily. These Foplyans would only delay him for a few minutes. 
Wynter told herself that she had to run fast. 
She h 
had found Nixon’s soul. As long as she pulled out the other spirits from the formation, everything would end, including the lingering Earthbound Formation. 
Clearly, Dalton saw through her plan. But unfortunately, the Foplyans kept coming in one group after 
another. 
Dalton couldn’t kill humans, as that was against the rules, but he could cause them to have a mental
breakdown. 
He let the black mist surge up from below the well, revealing a parade of spirits to the Foplyans. 
In an instant, all the Foplyans who had barged in froze in their tracks. They saw the most horrifying scene. 
Dalton, dressed in a blood–red robe, stood tall under the shade, looking noble and beautiful. Behind him surged spirits and demons capable of seizing souls. 
“They’re yours now.” With Dalton’s words, the spirits began to stir with hatred. They despised these Foplyans the most. 
Dalton didn’t even heed to instruct them specifically. They wouldn’t let a single one escape. 
The armed Foplyans, who had done all kinds of evil, began to feel fear. They wanted to run but found that all the doors and windows of the laboratory were tightly shut, just like how they shut those innocent 
children inside. 
If they managed to escape, they would find themselves in the field or classroom. If not, they would be trapped in the dark, never seeing the light of day. 
Although just a door away, the distance felt insurmountable. 
Rory lay on the ground, unable to bear the intense resentment. He was still thinking about Gabby. Not giving up, he tried to piece together the shattered wooden debris. 
These Foplyans were scared but unrepentant. They believed that all the Cascadians who died here 
Chapter 627 Chaotic Foplya Consulate
deserved it and that even if Cascadia wasn’t theirs now, it would belong to them in the future. 
Some Foplya soldiers even shouted boldly, “Come on, you lowly pigs! Only when you’re dead will you dare to lay a hand on us!” 
Dalton was rushing after Wynter, so he didn’t have time to listen to their nonsense. He didn’t even want to witness their attempts to kill themselves. 
With a glance at the ancient well, he waved his sleeve. 
The black mist poured out without restraint and infiltrated the Foplyans through every orifice. 
Dalton’s voice was calm but reached the depths of the underworld. “You reap what you sow.” 
With that in mind, the spirits‘ demand for retribution seemed entirely justified. 
The Foplya soldiers were still looking for the wooden doll they worshiped. Most of their forces were 
concentrated here. 
In almost an instant, the black mist surged up and engulfed the entire laboratory. The Foplya consulate descended into chaos. 
Earlier, some soldiers had received orders to shoot Gordon if anything unusual happened. But before the soldiers could pull the trigger, Wynter had already dealt with them. 
She coolly grabbed the zip line rope and cast one last glance at Gordon. “Now’s our chance. Go.”
###chapter628
Chapter 628 Wynter Scattering Cash 
Outside, about 20 men from the Quinnell family stood waiting for Gordon to emerge. They were all renowned fighters from Hawford. 
Even Fabian, fresh out of captivity and still nursing wounds, didn’t lag behind. 
He refused to take any photos with the Foplyans, even under duress and coercion. 
The Foplyans intended to publish the photos from this gathering in International newspapers. Their goal was simple–to seize control of Cascadia’s economic lifelines. 
They wanted to mislead Cascadians into believing the Quinnell family was just the first step. What they really wanted would come next. 
So, the photographer, who had been following Rory from the start, found himself dodging the Quinnells at 
every turn. 
However, early on, Wynter had Leo plant something on him, 
The photographer thought he’d be safe once he left the consulate and arrived at the Foplya Intelligence Office in the Frenda Concession. He never imagined the 
Wynter would follow him all the way. 
Besides destroying his camera, she also noted down everywhere he went. 
She had no time to destroy the intelligence office, and it would be pointless inside the formation. But what mattered was that Wynter was inspired.
She used the printer in the office to make over 100 copies of documents detailing Foplya’s human experiments and stuffed them into her black bag. As for the photographer, she didn’t plan to let him see 
the light of day. 
Relying solely on Lily’s power to sway public opinion was still somewhat lacking. To swiftly quell such intense resentment and make Foplya think twice, it needed to be sensational. 
As a live streamer, Wynter was a pro at creating a spectacle. 
She glanced at the time. Hawford’s night was just beginning, especially in the Frenda Concession, where the revelry was still in full swing. 
is from the 
Without hesitation, Wynter grabbed the black bag filled with printed photos and documents ground. And, of course, everyone’s favorite–cash. 
She had ransacked the intelligence office. 
Meanwhile, Foplya agents found no trace of her. All they saw when they pushed open the door was an open window. 
Plus, with the consulate in turmoil, they could only anxiously send telegrams to their superiors and await 
instructions. 
Frenda Concession, bustling with cars, never lacked people. It was bustling even back in the day. There 
were casinos, rickshawn, and little girls selling roses.
The money handed to them by a passing foreigner could buy them a hearty meal. And if they were fortunate enough to encounter someone purchasing flowers, that person would be considered a generous benefactor. 
The dance hall was filled with swaying dancers, creating a bustling and lively atmosphere. 
Suddenly, the entire power supply system in the Frenda Concession seemed to malfunction. After a couple of buzzing sounds, everything went dark. 
The only place that was still lit was the casino entrance. On its rooftop was a motorbike with its headlights glaring brightly, almost blinding. 
In that split second, all eyes on the street turned to the roof. 
A–slender figure leaned against the gleaming motorcycle with her hair swaying in the wind. She seemed 
to be scattering something with one hand while putting the other casually in her pocket. 
At first, people didn’t notice because they were all captivated by the figure’s looks and attire. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###chapter629
Chapter 629 Frenda Concession Exploding Into Chaos 
Her stunning face stood out even more at that moment. The mole under her eye captivated anyone who 
saw her. 
Her white shirt was tucked neatly into black jeans, and she wore military–style boots. It was impossible 
not to notice her. 
And then she spoke, “Who wants money?” 
With a casual flick of her hand, money started raining down from above. 
No one could resist such a sight. Everyone stared in amazement. 
She was scattering cash. A lot of cash! 
In an instant, the Frenda Concession exploded into chaos. 
Even the usually 
usually composed foreigners abandoned their manners and rushed out of the buildings. People attending parties and business meetings all turned their attention to the spectacle. 
Some consulate staff sensed something was amiss and quickly called their superiors. Reporters, both local and international, scrambled to get to the scene. 
Wynter tossed the cash casually. The crisp bills mingled with the snowflakes and spun gently before landing on the ground. A shower of cash blanketed the entire area.
That day, the Frenda Concession was filled with the scent of cash. After all, those were fresh bills from the Foplya Intelligence Office. 
Wynter was anything but stingy. She was generous with each toss. 
Street beggars scrambled to pick up the money, joined by freezing vendors and even well–dressed 
foreigners. 
The scene grew so chaotic that even though soldiers from various consulates were deployed, they 
couldn’t restore order. 
Then, amidst the rain of money, other items began to fall. 
At first, the Foplyans thought the money had nothing to do with them. But when the shocking photos and horrifying documents started raining down, they panicked. 
Some froze in place, while others shouted, “This is a lie! It’s slander!” 
However, no one listened. 
The Frenda Concession was home to many international elites. It didn’t matter if they didn’t understand Scandonese. Wynter had thoughtfully included Elmstian translations of the key points. 
“Foplyans have invaded our land, humiliated our people, and disguised themselves as educators to imprison children. 
Chapter 629 Frenda Concession Exploding Into Chaos 
“They violated international agreements and used live humans for experiments. This is inhuman and
unforgivable.” 
As she spoke these words, many Cascadians, who didn’t understand the documents, looked up. 
They couldn’t read, but they could understand the photos‘ content. Among them, parents who had lost. their children 
burst into tears on the spot. 
“T–This is my daughter!” 
“The Foplyans lied! They told me if my daughter went with them, she’d have food and education! They lied! 
Heart–wrenching cries resonated throughout the Frenda Concession.
###chapter630
Chapter 630 Resentment Dissipated 
Wynter’s actions effectively cornered the Foplyans, leaving them no escape. The impact was enormous 
and severe. 
Some still clung to earlier newspapers with photos of the Foplyans, who claimed they were there to help with Cascadia’s infrastructure and lift its people out of poverty. 
Such lies were tom to shreds. 
No matter how they tried to twist the narrative or how eloquent they were, they couldn’t explain away the children’s pale faces or the heaps of test tubes in the photos. 
Even their usual international supporters condemned them. 
Snowflakes swirled through the air, reaching Hawford. 
The loud cries of grief showed just how many families were destroyed. 
People in the Frenda Concession couldn’t sleep soundly knowing that those Foplyan devils were doing despicable things under the guise of humanity in Cascadia. 
It was as if even the heavens were bidding farewell to these little spirits. As the Foplya consulate was destroyed, the snow in Hawford fell even heavier. 
People said they had never seen such heavy snowfall in Hawford before. 
On the ground, it was impossible to distinguish whose child’s photo was lying there. 
Meanwhile, those who had picked up the money remained frozen in place. The sight before them.
horrified them. 
People’s minds needed to be awakened. If they weren’t stimulated, they would never understand that they could only be slaughtered like sheep if they were weak. 
Because the ones wielding the knife didn’t see them as humans at all. To them, the weak’s humility was seen as cowardice. Being hospitable to all was seen as inherently lowly by them. 
Only when they were strong could their virtues be acknowledged. 
Wynter didn’t know if these photos could awaken even a small group of people. But as long as those trapped spirits could find peace, it would be enough. 
Through the thick fog and heavy snow, Wynter saw the woman in the crowd. She still wore those red 
shoes, which were the only colorful thing on her. 
Since her marriage, her mother had made those shoes for her by hand. 
But who would have thought that she would marry a devil? She had never been treated kindly, yet she 
endured. 
She endured the beatings, hunger, and being forced to sleep with other men by her husband. It wasn’t 
Chapter 630 Resentment Dissipated 
enough to break her. She persevered for the sake of her two daughters. 
Yet, the Foplyans weren’t satisfied. They didn’t even spare her daughters‘ souls. 
How could they do this? How?
It was this immense resentment that had condensed into such a powerful Earthbound Formation. because such matters were unsolvable in those days. 
Now, the resentment had dissipated. The scenery around Wynter was slowly losing color, except for that one blood–red figure.
###chapter631
Chapter 631 Return From the Formation 
Amid the snowfall–and heavy fog. Dalton watched Wynter intently. His dark pupils shone with a hint of 
coldness. 
Snowflakes settled on his shoulders, yet his posture remained resolute. The chaos around him didn’t faze his inherent grace. Instead, a myriad of spirits swirled behind him. 
The pressure threatened to collapse the entire formation. 
tas hew 
Leo sensed his intention. Just as he was about to speak, a deafening roar erupted. 
On her BMW Tomahawk, Wynter lifted it upward and sliced through the night sky between two buildings. 
Just like when she arrived, she was magnificent and cool. 
Afraid of being left behind, Leo hurriedly ducked into the copper coin and followed Wynter out of the 
formation. 
As the BMW Tomahawk touched down, Wynter had already returned to the Yeaton residence. 
The scene behind her faded away and returned to its previous modern decor. 
A pair of faded red shoes fell to the side. However, the wooden doll seemed unaffected. It stood there as 
if untouched and gave off an eerie feeling.
Wynter glanced at the doll briefly, then instructed Leo to guide Nixon’s soul back to its rightful place. 
After lighting a fire, she quickly tossed the wooden doll into the flames. 
As the doll burned, all the resentment in the room dispersed. The corners were no longer chilly, and the moonlight streamed in. The only thing left untouched was the candle wax. 
This wasn’t her specialty. She’d have to contact Kaspar to cleanse that properly. 
There was one thing Wynter couldn’t figure out. What was so special about Winnie’s family that warranted the formation being placed there? 
She gazed at the crackling fire and made up her mind to ask Winnie about how she had obtained the 
wooden doll. 
The spirits of so many unjust souls during these special times had become a source of fortune for this wooden doll. Its influence extended for miles, affecting all the residents in the vicinity. 
Wynter wasn’t well–versed in Foplyan wooden dolls. After all, she didn’t play with dolls herself. But she knew it was popular nowadays. 
She didn’t leave the Yeaton residence immediately After the doll was completely burned with no trace left, she took out a lucky token and nailed it directly into the pile of ashes. 
In the darkness, the entire formation collapsed. 
Sometimes, it was easy to overlook the smaller players. Formations could disappear completely, but 
Chapter 631 Return From the Formation 
history would always be remembered.
Wynter wasn’t worried about Nixon. There were gods responsible for guiding the souls. Time–wise, Nixon 
should make it in time. 
In the hospital, medical staff worked tirelessly throughout the night, from the emergency room to the 
operating table. 
Victor had examined Nixon, but the only thing detectable was his weak life signs. However, the exact 
cause remained elusive. 
He couldn’t bear to leave the child alone, so he stayed by his side. 
Nixon’s soul was still somewhat lost. 
He had been called to school by a boy to play. The school was unlike any he had seen before, with everyone speaking Foplyanese. Inside, he met a homesick girl. 
In his dreams, it seemed like others couldn’t see him. 
He sneaked out of school to get to the girl’s house. The streets resembled scenes he had only seen in movies, with beggars, foreigners, and armed soldiers everywhere. 
He finally found the place but couldn’t find the girl’s sick mother or sister selling camellias, as she had 
mentioned.
###chapter632
Chapter 632 Nixon Is Back 
The neighbors in the alley said that the girl’s family were all unlucky souls. Her mother had passed away. 
and her sister had been sold. 
When the former died, her body was so stinky that her father didn’t want to spend money on her burial. He just wrapped her up in a mat and tossed her somewhere. 
This was Nixon’s fifth time being pulled into a dreamh. 
At first, he thought that if someone called him again, he would just pretend not to hear and not go in. 
Since he often felt drowsy during class and was a bit anemic, his mother was already worried about hist health. 
But Nixon worried that the girl would have no one to take care of her and would wait for him, so he entered the dream for the sixth time. 
This time, he brought lots of snacks because he was afraid the girl would be sad when she heard about her mother’s death. 
But when he saw the girl again, she was being dragged into a small, dark room, barely alive. 
Nixon followed along and realized that this wasn’t a school at all but a place for human experimentation. He had read about such things in books. 
He wanted to save her, but the boy who had summoned him noticed him. Then he darkness. 
He seemed to hear his mother’s voice, but it felt unreal.
What about the girl? Did she know how dangerous the basement was? 
lost in the 
Just as Nixon was thinking about all this, a figure suddenly blocked his path. It was a cool lady with her long legs straddling a bike. 
“Are you sure you want to continue forward?” she asked, raising an eyebrow. “If you keep going, you won’t 
see your mom again.” 
The pretty lady reached out and patted his head. Suddenly, chants filled the air, and Nixon felt an 
unprecedented comfort. 
“Here’s your yellow duck. Take it and go back. The person you wanted to save has already been rescued.” 
Nixon’s chubby face lit up with joy. “Thank you, miss.” 
After bowing, Nixon ran back. His chubby figure looked adorable. 
At the same time, inside the ward, the nurse looking at the monitors exclaimed in surprise, “The patient’s 
vitals have all returned to normal!” 
Upon hearing this, Victor walked in briskly. 
Chapte: 632 Nixon is Back
After checking Nixon’s vitals and taking his pulse, he smiled with relief beneatly his mask. “Inform the patient’s family that he’s now out of danger. He can be transferred to a regular ward.” 
Although Nixon was still receiving IV drips when he was wheeled out, Winnie couldn’t hold back anymore. She gripped his hand and called his name. 
Nixon opened his eyes and grinned weakly. 
In the ward, Winnie immediately hugged him tightly. Her heart was still racing with fear. 
Nixon rubbed his eyes and said, “Mom, don’t cry. I’m fine. I didn’t go forward. By the way, where’s the pretty lady?” 
Winnie was momentarily taken aback. “Pretty lady?” 
“Yeah. She had my yellow duck, the one you bought for me. She told me not to go forward and to come back quickly, or else I wouldn’t see you again. I’m a good boy, Mom.” 
Nixon’s face was still pale, but he was quite energetic. “Did she go to take the girl home? I knew she wasn’t lying when she said the girl was rescued.” 
Hearing his words, Winnie suddenly realized something. 
It wasn’t a miracle. It was Wynter, Wynter had brought Nixon back from hell. 
“That lady is Mrs. Quinnell’s daughter and your life savior. Without her, you wouldn’t have come back. When you’re better, we’ll thank her in person, okay?”
###chapter633
Chapter 633 The Lord 
Nixon nodded obediently. “Okay!” 
Winnie hugged him tightly, her heart filled with gratitude. 
Fortunately, they had Wynter. 
Nixon was still curious. want to ask her about the girl.” 
Winnie, not knowing who the girl was, asked him to elaborate. Nixon then recounted everything he had seen in the yard and his dream to her. 
Only then did Winnie realize that their home was the most dangerous place. Wynter was still there! 
Her first instinct was to rush back, but at that moment, she received a text message. 
“I heard from Mr. Lopez Senior that Nixon has woken up. You should stay at the hospital for a few days. The house needs to be handled by professionals.” 
It was a very concise message from Wynter.. 
Winnie breathed a sigh of relief as she texted back, “Alright, I’ll follow your advice.” 
After sending that message, she quickly typed another one. “I heard everything from Nixon. Thank you so much, Wynter. 
From Nixon’s description, Winnie could tell that his dream was no ordinary one. The more she listened, the less it felt like a dream. It seemed connected to historical events. 
The Foplyans and the special period in Hawford…
Suddenly, Winnie thought of something. She typed, “Wynter, your great–grandfather was the president of the Hawford Chamber of Commerce. I remember that the Whitman family was also involved. They fought against the Foplyans together.” 
“I got it. Thank you, Ms. Yeaton, Wynter replied swiftly. “By the way, do you remember who gave you this wooden doll, Ms. Yeaton?” 
Winnie–tapped open the picture that Wynter had sent her. A wooden doll? 
“It should be something Nixon bought himself. I don’t like these kinds of things.” 
Nixon bought it himself? 
Wynter didn’t doubt Winnie’s words but had initially thought the doll might have been linked to Naomi. Apparently, that wasn’t the case. 
She glanced at her phone screen and wanted to ask Abel to trace the doll’s origins. But, upon opening Amazon, she found many similar dolls. 
Abel was still asking, “Boss, since when are you interested in these dolls? I recommend Whimsy Treasures. They’re knockoffs but cheap. 
633 The Lord 
“You have no idea how much kids love these dolls nowadays. Some cost hundreds of thousands.” 
Wynter skimmed through the photos he provided. “Just look for the one I showed you.” 
She needed to confirm that this particular wooden doll wouldn’t cause any more trouble. Also, she had to identify its believer and whoever had reintroduced it.
Wynter wasn’t well–versed in Foplyan culture but understood that only the original body held power. 
Dalton had indeed broken the doll in the formation, but that was because she was breaking the formation 
and disrupting the causal loop. 
She had no idea what had ultimately happened to this wooden doll in the real past. 
The fact that even its replica could affect the spirits to such an extent implied that the original body still 
existed. 
Wynter’s eyes deepened with thought as she considered the red shoes. After all this time, who would still keep such things? 
With a crack, the last log broke, and mist rose. 
Amid the mist, countless spirits cowered in the center of the Earthbound Formation. They respectfully addressed a man, “My Lord.” 
Dalton looked down at his empty wrist and nonchalantly remarked, “So, I’m just a remnant.”
###chapter634
Chapter 634 It Does Not Affect Our Relationship 
“No, you’re not.” The black mist surged around Dalton, attempting to thaw his icy demeanor. 
Unmoved, Dalton spread his arms and lay back quietly into the serene depths of the Dark River, the deepest part of the underworld. 
He had always been reckless. Now, as he lay down, not a single spirit dared disturb him. 
Before those desires, which surged forth upon his entry into the Dark River, could even reach him, they scattered and fled in disarray. 
On this day, the evil spirits gathered for a small meeting. 
“Is the lord in a bad mood?” 
“Very bad.” 
“What should we do? Should we still go out?” 
“If you don’t even want to be a ghost, you can try to leave.” 
“I think I’ll just stay here and continue sleeping.” 
The water rippled. The river’s depth was unfathomable. 
Only Dalton, draped in a red robe, appeared to be asleep, exuding an air of elegance and nobility as 
though he belonged there. 
Earthbound Formations would often leave behind some spirits‘ memories
When Wynter couldn’t make sense of some things, she hoped to find more clues through Leo, 
However, for some reason, he had retreated into the lucky coin and refused to come out. 
When Wynter received a call from the current Dalton, both Leo and the twins seemed to vanish into thin air. They lowered their resentment to its lowest ebb. 
“How’s everything going?” Dalton’s voice was still as pleasant as ever. “Mrs. Quinnell and Mr. Quinnell Senior are very worried about you. Come back once.. 
done with everything.” 
Wynter looked around her to ensure that nothing was following her. “I’ll be back soon. Tell Grandpa not to sleep yet. I have something to ask him.” 
“Alright.” Dalton chuckled, followed by a light cough. 
In that instant, Wynter was reminded of his appearance 100 years ago and couldn’t help but ask, “Do you prefer red over black?” 
“Why do you suddenly ask?” Dalton raised his eyes. His deep gaze grew even more mysterious in the 
darkness. 
Chapter 634 : Does Not Affect Our Relationship 
Wynter straddled her bike and adjusted the windscreen. “It’s just a thought. Your face, paired with a red robe, would probably look quite striking.”
“Oh?” Dalton’s smile was faint. “I’m glad my face catches your eye. How long until you get home? I’ll have 
someone cook you pasta.” 
Wynter smiled brightly at his thoughtfulness. He could even guess what she wanted to eat. 
“Okay. Add an egg salad on the side. I’ll be home in about 20 minutes.” 
Without wasting any time, Wynter leaned forward with her Bluetooth earpiece in place and gently uttered, Although you had some antisocial personality traits before, it doesn’t affect our relationship now. Don’t worry.” 
As the busy tone sounded from the other end, Dalton smiled faintly. 
The red bracelet was already on his wrist. Yet, a palpable intensity emanated from behind him, as if seeking to overshadow the darkness itself. 
The Fankrit inscriptions on his body seemed to lose their restraint at this moment, and the chanting 
resonated. 
Glancing at his wrist, Dalton saw that the bracelet had dimmed, becoming an ordinary bracelet. 
Yet, he acted as if nothing had happened as he strode indoors confidently. In his impeccably tailored suit, he exuded an air of refinement. 
“Go cook some pasta.” 
“Yes, Mr. Yarwood.”
People always obeyed his commands instinctively. That was a fact that had never changed. 
Meanwhile, under a bridge, an old man spinning tales suddenly stood up
###chapter635
Chapter 635 Atwater’s Reading 
Atwater couldn’t believe it. Dalton actually managed to retrieve his remnant. The divination didn’t indicate 
this outcome. 
Finding it strange, he wanted to pack up and quickly go see what was going on. 
He wondered if it was Wynter’s doing, but that guess dissipated at once. She only liked making money and never thought about coming to Kingbourne. 
How could Kaspar not keep an eye on things? He knew there was a dangerous figure in Sorzada Since he was already here to teach the Arcane Way, why couldn’t he do something productive? 
Atwater could hardly contain his impatience. 
Natalie, the lady who was still flipping tarot cards, noticed the light go out in front of her. 
a City. 
She immediately stood up. “Sir, what’s going on? Didn’t you say my relationship would go smoothly? Why 
is something going to go wrong again?” 
She was afraid he might leave. Although it was only 29.9 dollars for one reading, it was still money. 
Young people were all about value for money. She wanted to ask about her financial luck after her relationship reading
At her question, Atwater spread out the tarot cards in his hand. ‘Pick whichever one you like.” 
“Sir, you can’t be- 
Before Natalie could finish her sentence, Atwater interrupted her. “Miss, honestly, I don’t know anything about tarot readings, but I know physiognomy. Do you believe in that?” 
Natalie shook her head. “That’s all superstition.” 
“Then, are these tarot cards not superstition?” Atwater didn’t quite understand her point. 
“Zodiac signs and tarot cards both have a scientific basis,” Natalie said seriously. 
Atwater was speechless for a second. 
Since he was in a hurry to leave, he changed the subject. “Oh, well, that’s a shame. I wanted to talk to you. about your work troubles. I can tell from your face that you’ve been short of money lately, right?” 
Natalie immediately nodded. Her eyes gleamed. 
Atwater looked at Natalie’s features and indeed saw resentment inside her, mostly related to relationships. 
“Let me give you a piece of advice. Don’t buy into it when married men claim they have no feelings for their Wives. 
“Don’t trust them when they say they’re only together due to family pressure, or that their wives don’t understand them, no matter how nice they put it.” 
Chapter 635 Atwaters Reading 
Natalie was visibly stunned. She had never shared these things with anyone, not even her best friend.
She had been feeling particularly upset today, so when she passed by this bridge on her way home from work, she decided to get a quick reading. 
She never expected Atwater to be so accurate. 
“But he’s really good to me,” Natalie said, biting her lip. “He’s mature and caring. He knows that I have it tough working here. When my stomach acts up, he buys me medicine and orders takeout for me.” 
Natalie continued, emphasizing, “I can tell there’s no love between him and his wife! His wife is fat and ugly. She’s always picking on him, talking about divorce, and putting pressure on him. She’s also got a 
really bad temper.” 
Atwater stroked his white beard at her words. “If that’s how you see it, then I guess there’s nothing more for me to say. Everyone reaps what they sow in their own way. 
“Sir, don’t use your old moral standards to judge us.” Natalie didn’t like hearing his preachy words. “I love him, and he loves me. Is there anything wrong with us being in love?” 
With that, Natalie left in a huff. 
Atwater shook his head and didn’t waste any more time. He had to go check on the seal. If Dalton’s remnant had indeed returned, those things underground might no longer be controllable.
###chapter636
Chapter 636 Secret History 
In the Quinnell residence’s living room, Tobla’s watched as Dalton made himself at home. He seemed 
even more at ease than Tobias was. 
Not only did Dalton instruct Phil to cook pasta, but he also took out some coffee beans to grind. 
At first, Tobias didn’t quite grasp what he was doing. However, it dawned on him when Wynter returned. 
As she took a sip of her hot coffee and smiled at Dalton, everything seemed to fall into place for Tobias. His expression became complicated. 
Sebastian also took a cup of coffee. He pushed up his glasses and squinted. “I remember your boss is not usually like this.” 
He was making himself out to be an innocent husband. This was quite a strange scene. Could the Yarwoods imagine their patriarch wearing an apron and grinding coffee beans? 
Yet, Wynter seemed quite pleased. Upon returning from the Earthbound Formation, she noticed the current Dalton displaying various expressions. 
As she warmed up a bit, she asked, “Where’s Grandpa?” 
“The banquet just ended. The shareholders seem to have many questions for him.” Dalton glanced at his 
watch. “He should be done soon.” 
As he finished speaking, Fabian came down from the upstairs study, accompanied by Marie and Wolf.
Marie had been worried about Wynter all along. Now that she saw Wynter, she immediately grabbed her hand and looked her over, afraid she had been injured. 
Sebastian didn’t know Wynter was into mystic arts. He thought Marie’s behavior wa 
response to her illness. 
Just a stress 
Having experienced that episode of the TV show, Tobias widened his eyes. ‘Did you go to the Yeaton. residence to save people with that?” 
With what? Sebastian and Fabian didn’t understand. 
Wynter didn’t elaborate. She had something important to ask. “Grandpa, do we still have the records and photos from when the Quinnell family was doing business in Hawford?” 
Fabian’s expression changed at the mention of Hawford. 
Tobias was even more puzzled. “Wynter, what are you talking about? Our family made our start in Kingbourne. When did we go to Hawford? That was Grandpa- 
“They’re upstairs,” Fabian interrupted with a smile. “It’s been many years since anyone mentioned that period of the Quinnell family 
Fabian glanced at the three Quinnell brothers. “You should come up and listen, too.” 
Chapter 636 Secret History 
It seemed he was about to reveal the Quinnell family’s secret history, so Dalton stayed downstairs. He twirled his bracelet with his fingertips with a faint smile. 
At first, Wynter didn’t think much of it. But as she climbed the stairs, she suddenly stopped and looked down at Dalton standing in the center of the hall. 
His figure reminded her of the man she saw when she left the formation. He stood in the black mist with an air of danger, eerie and sinister, yet filled with indescribable loneliness. 
“Grandpa, can you let Dalton join us as well? He’s my fiancé and will also be part of the Quinnell family in 
the future.” 
As soon as Wynter said that, Dalton was the first to raise his gaze. His face looked sickly but appealing. 
The three Quinnell brothers exchanged glances. 
Wynter was exceptional in every way, but this habit of taking Dalton everywhere showed that she had fallen too deep for him. 
The brothers wondered if Dalton would truly belong to any family. He would only swallow up other 
companies! 
“Thank you for letting me join you, Grandpa,” Dalton said calmly as he walked over. His manners were impeccable. 
Tobias nearly lost his composure when he heard Dalton refer to Fabian as “Grandpa“.
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
###chapter637
Chapter 637 The Truth About the Quinnell Family 
Even Sebastian frowned. Was the legendary Dalton this shameless in the rumors? 
Fabian, however, seemed to have figured it out. 
From this banquet alone, it was evident that the Quinnell family had been declining over the years. 
But the Yarwood family was different. With Dalton’s, support, Wynter’s later years could be much 
smoother. 
Once inside the study, Fabian gestured for Alexis to close the door. Then, he strolled over to the 
bookshelf and moved one of the books. 
With a click, the shelf shifted. 
Tobias didn’t know there was a hidden compartment behind Fabian’s bookshelf. 
Inside, there was a well–crafted leather chest. On the wall were some newspapers from the special period, along with some documents and photos. Among these lay a well–preserved lucky coin. 
When Wynter saw the coin, her gaze paused. 
Fabian approached and picked up a family portrait from the shelf. “I’m not a dutiful son. I haven’t passed on the Quinnell family to the next generation yet. Luckily, I have a granddaughter now.” 
Smiling, he continued, “Today, I can finally give your great–great–grandpa some peace of mind.” 
With that, he started explaining. “The Quinnell family didn’t start in Kingbourne. We have control over
various trading firms.” 
Fabian looked at his grandchildren. “Even now, reactivating these firms will impact some people. In the heyday of the Quinnell family in Hawford, we attracted the Foplyans‘ attention. 
“I was young 
then. I let the people from the Youth Daily get away, and my family put a lot of effort into rescuing me. You’ve all been to school, so you should understand that in those days, Cascadia had 
nothing. 
“The Foplyans used me to threaten your great–great–grandpa, demanding that the Quinnell family help them recruit students and report some firms to them. Their ambitions were clear. 
“But those weren’t real schools. A Quinnell exposed their intentions. They claimed to be running schools but were actually conducting human experiments on our Cascadian children. At the time, the Youth Daily and international papers all reported it. 
“Your great–great–grandpa took the evidence to the negotiating table. He thought that the Foplyans, feeling guilty and fearful, would disappear from Cascadia.” 
Fabian stroked the family photo. “But Cascadia was weak back then. We had no diplomatic power, so no 
one truly stood up for Cascadia. We could only rely on ourselves. 
“As long as these trading firms were active, they would be coveted by Foplya or others. Your great– great- 
Chapter 637 The Truth About the Quinnell Family
grandpa didn’t want to work for Foplya in exchange for me. He exchanged his own life for the Quinnell 
family’s peace. 
“Since then, all trading firms have been operating in secret. They served the Youth Daily and other ambitious individuals by providing resources and financial support. 
“Your great–great–grandpa said Cascadia would have its own schools, and its future would be bright. He believed that day would come but didn’t live to see it. 
“As a member of the Quinnell family, I’ve never revealed these trading firms until today.” 
Fabian set down the photo. “Wynter, this is the truth about the Quinnell family. Get ready to take over. 
Some things from the Quinnell family, even if kept hidden, must never fall into the wrong hands.” 
Being a national businessman was never just a casual title. 
Wynter looked at the elderly figure in the photo.
###chapter638
Chapter 638 Someone Took the Doll 
Wynter recalled Gordon’s wise demeanor in the formation. 
In those days, there were always some pioneers making sacrifices to safeguard the information network and the forces behind them. 
Gordon was willing to exchange himself to maintain the facade that he was just an ordinary 
businessman. He wantet other people to think that if he really had something, he could have used it to save his own life. 
The Quinnell family couldn’t be handed over, and the trading firms were even more crucial. 
Everything required money. Gordon might be money–minded, but it was this money countless youths. 
that supported 
Wynter walked closer. Just as her fingertips touched the photo, a gentle breeze blew by. In the newspaper, Gordon stood tall and proud. 
“I’ve been waiting for you. I finally get to see you again. You really didn’t deceive me. Cascadia is truly strong now. With you here, I can rest assured.” 
Others couldn’t hear these words. 
Wynter knew deep down that it was just a remnant. The spirits often couldn’t let go of their m 
important wishes from their lifetime. This wish would only truly fade away when the person they were 
waiting for arrived.
Before, Wynter had been wondering how such a malicious formation had managed to persist for so many years without completely ruining the Quinnell family. 
Even with the accumulated luck of several generations, it seemed a bit exaggerated. 
Now, Wynter understood the reason. 
There was a heroic spirit guarding them. That was why those evil spirits couldn’t easily harm the Quinnell family’s foundation 
Gordon’s primary concern wasn’t whether the Quinnell family would falter but rather ensuring those trading firms‘ safety.. 
When Wynter put down the photo, she waved her left hand and gilded a layer of gold onto Gordon’s 
remnant. 
The three Quinnell brothers watched earnestly though unaware of the meaning behind Wynter’s action. 
But Dalton, who stood farthest away, tilted his head and raised an eyebrow, as if pondering something. He then fixed his gaze on the lucky coin. 
Wynter noticed his gaze and looked over. 
Without avoiding it, he pointed at the coin. “It looks like the one you’re wearing.” 
Chapter 630 Someone Took the Doll 
“Lucky coins are pretty much the same.” Wynter casually shifted the topic..
Dalton chuckled as if enlightened. 
Wynter didn’t dwell on the topic of lucky coins with him further. Her handsome fiancé was sometimes too 
clever. 
Reminding him of what he looked like 100 years ago might lead to unexpected outcomes. 
However, ordinary people usually wouldn’t remember what happened in their past lives. There was no 
need to think too much about it. 
She focused on finding clues about the wooden doll. 
Wynter pieced together the newspaper reports related to the Foplya consulate. 
In these records, both the wooden doll and Dalton’s presence seemed to have been hidden. 
She had never experienced this before. 
Logically, the Earthbound Formation was just a remnant. Her entry or exit from the formation shouldn’t 
affect the present. 
Yet, Gordon remembered her, waited for her, and even kept her lucky coin. Could the formation’s disbandment this time really have affected the present Quinnell family? 
As Wynter pondered, her gaze suddenly landed on something. 
In the newspaper, the Foplya consulate hadn’t disappeared or been destroyed.
Rory killed himself to quell international repercussions. On the same day, it seemed like the Foplya consulate had lost something important and had been searching for it. 
What could they have lost? 
Wynter looked at the newspaper report and suddenly paused. 
The doll. The wooden doll had been taken away!
###chapter639
Chapter 639 Dalton Knows Everything 
But inside the formation, Dalton had definitely crushed that doll. 
Logically, if the coin could be kept, then the doll should have been destroyed, too. 
Wynter wondered if there was something she had overlooked. 
Just relying on newspaper clippings wouldn’t provide the whole picture. 
Since Fabian was captured by Rory back then, Wynter paused and pulled up a picture on her phone. Grandpa, have you ever seen this thing?” 
Fabian’s expression changed the moment he saw the photo. “Wynter, where did you take this photo?” 
Seeing the expression on his face, Wynter knew she had asked the right person. “It wasn’t me. Many online stores are selling them, Ms. Yeaton’s house has one.” 
“This thing is eerie. You better not touch it.” This was the first time Fabian opposed something this much. Frowning, he asked, “Why has this wooden doll shown up again? Wasn’t it banned from sale for a while?” 
Tobias, as a top–tier idol, looked at the photo. ‘Grandpa, this doll is popular among many girls. Isn’t it quite common? What do you mean it’s eerie?” 
Fabian wasn’t superstitious, so Tobias didn’t understand why he wore a troubled expression when he looked at the doll. 
“You know nothing.” Fabian seemed ready to use his cane to hit Tobias, but he took a deep breath. “The Foplyan official back then used to carry this doll around.”
He remembered this clearly. At that time, he was kept underground, and Rory worshipped this wooden doll. 
“Worshipped?” Sebastian’s expression changed upon hearing this. 
Tobias seemed to realize something. He looked at Wynter. 
Wynter wouldn’t have randomly shown a photo of a wooden doll to Fabian. Did she. 
Before Tobias could think about it, Fabian spoke again. His tone was serious. “That’s right, worshipped. He treated this wooden doll with great respect and often talked to it at night. 
“At first, I thought he was talking to himself, but later I realized he was speaking to the doll. I said it was eerie because its hair grew on its own.” 
Tobias couldn’t help but shiver at those words. Imagining that scene, especially in a prison, sent chills down his spine. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “Why worship it in a prison?” 
“Perhaps because he believed in that rumor.” Fabiap suddenly recalled something as he looked at Wynter “There’s a rumor that Cascadia’s lifeline is either in the mountains or underground.” 
Chapter 639 Dakori Kwe Everything 
Wynter shook her head. “That’s unlikely. It doesn’t rely on such things to grow.” 
“There was brutality in prison.” Dalton, who was reading through the documents, interjected suddenly. He pointed to the Youth Daily’s report. 
“Back then, whoever who entered the prison died. The Foplyans wouldn’t let anyone escape. They used interrogation methods that took lives. Some couldn’t bear it and became traitors, while others
ended up covered in blood.” 
Dalton looked at Wynter.“I heard Mr. Stavius mention that some evil spirits enjoy such things.” 
Upon hearing that, Wynter tapped her finger. “You seem to know a lot.” 
“I enjoy reading miscellaneous books.” Dalton coughed. 
Wynter lifted her phone. “So, how much do you know about this wooden doll?” 
“I’ve seen a bit of it.” Dalton seemed so disdainful of the doll in the photo that even his smile carried a 
hint of sarcasm. 
Chapter 640 The Doll Wants to Replace Her 
Wynter scrutinized Dalton’s elegant and handsome face. “Tell us about it.” 
“Back then, our country’s puppet culture spread to Foplya.” Dalton’s voice was melodious as he effortlessly recounted the stories. 
“During a certain period, dolls held a special status among Foplya’s warrior families and aristocrats. They believed that dolls had Souls, capable of not only warding off misfortune but also boosting morale,” he explained casually. 
Wynter detected the crux of the issue. “How did they suddenly come to believe that dolls had souls?” 
“It’s hard to verify the specifics, but there’s a story. It’s said that a brother who was about to leave home brought back a wooden doll for his lonely sister. 
“The sister adored the doll, slept with it, and set a place for it at meals. She even gave it a name. But not long after, she fell seriously ill. Despite efforts to save her, she passed away.
“In order to keep the doll with her, her family sent it to a chapel to be worshipped by priests. Strangely, the doll’s hair grew over time, and its face began to resemble the girl more and more.” 
“Thus, the legend of the doll’s manifestation began. Some even worshipped it as a god, considering its origin from an ancient chapel.” Dalton’s tone remained nonchalant. 
Tobias‘ brain felt muddled upon hearing this. “So, does that mean the doll gained enlightenment from the priests‘ prayers?” 
“No.” Wynter, ever astute, pointed out the flaw in the story. “If the doll could truly ward off misfortune, the girl wouldn’t have fallen gravely ill and died after coming into contact with it. 
“The doll didn’t come alive when it reached the chapel. It had been absorbing everything from the girl since the beginning. Dolls should never be treated as living beings. 
“The girl had shown signs of abnormality from the start. The doll, however, was clever enough to understand that revealing itself at the time would have been risky.” 
At this point, Wynter paused. “Was this girl’s identity special?” 
“Yes, she was a noble.” Dalton seemed to think this detail was unimportant. 
Wynter smiled suddenly as she looked into his eyes. “The doll was good at choosing her owner. It gradually resembled the girl more and more. Eventually, it replaced her, right?” 
clever 
Dalton knew Wynter was She could discern the story’s ending from just a snippet. 
He chuckled softly. “Yes, her family was reluctant to part with her, and some old followers insisted that the doll was the continuation of the girl’s life.
“Since then, it has been treated like a person and worshipped fervently. They firmly believe that only by worshipping it can they attain endless fortune and life.” Dalton brushed off nonexistent ashes from his 
sult. 
Tobias was puzzled. “This sounds absurd.” 
“it’s just an evil spirit aspiring to be a god.” Wynter fiddled with her purple sugilite pendant. It was a gesture she often made when pondering “It’s a bit troublesome.” 
She explained further, “Ordinary evil spirits are easy to deal with, but this wooden doll, having been worshipped and imbued with belief, is a bit more difficult to handle.” 
No wonder destroying it wasn’t the end. 
Upon hearing that, Fabiah immediately looked at Wynter.
###chapter640
Chapter 640 The Doll Wants to Replace Her 
Wynter scrutinized Dalton’s elegant and handsome face. “Tell us about it.” 
“Back then, our country’s puppet culture spread to Foplya.” Dalton’s voice was melodious as he effortlessly recounted the stories. 
“During a certain period, dolls held a special status among Foplya’s warrior families and aristocrats. They believed that dolls had Souls, capable of not only warding off misfortune but also boosting morale,” he explained casually. 
Wynter detected the crux of the issue. “How did they suddenly come to believe that dolls had souls?” 
“It’s hard to verify the specifics, but there’s a story. It’s said that a brother who was about to leave home brought back a wooden doll for his lonely sister. 
“The sister adored the doll, slept with it, and set a place for it at meals. She even gave it a name. But not long after, she fell seriously ill. Despite efforts to save her, she passed away. 
“In order to keep the doll with her, her family sent it to a chapel to be worshipped by priests. Strangely, the 
doll’s hair grew over time, and its face began to resemble the girl more and more.” 
“Thus, the legend of the doll’s manifestation began. Some even worshipped it as a god, considering its 
tone remained nonchalant. 
origin from an ancient chapel.” Dalton
Tobias‘ brain felt muddled upon hearing this. “So, does that mean the doll gained enlightenment from the 
priests‘ prayers?” 
“No.” Wynter, ever astute, pointed out the flaw in the story. “If the doll could truly ward off misfortune, the girl wouldn’t have fallen gravely ill and died after coming into contact with it. 
“The doll didn’t come alive when it reached the chapel. It had been absorbing everything from the girl. since the beginning. Dolls should never be treated as living beings. 
“The girl had shown signs of abnormality from the start. The doll, however, was clever enough to understand that revealing itself at the time would have been risky.” 
At this point, Wynter paused. “Was this girl’s identity special?” 
“Yes, she was a noble.” Dalton seemed to think this detail was unimportant. 
Wynter smiled suddenly as she looked into his eyes. “The doll was good at choosing her owner. It gradually resembled the girl more and more. Eventually, it replaced her, right?” 
Dalton knew Wynter was clever. She could discern the 
Cory’s ending from just a snippet. 
He chuckled softly. “Yes, her family was reluctant to part with her, and some old followers insisted that the doll was the continuation of the girl’s life. 
“Since then, it has been treated like a person and worshipped fervently. They firmly believe that only by worshipping it can they attain endless fortune and life.” Dalton brushed off nonexistent ashes from his
suit 
Tobias was puzzled. “This sounds absurd.” 
“It’s just an evil spirit aspiring to be a god.” Wynter fiddled with her purple sugilite pendant. It was a gesture she often made when pondering. “It’s a bit troublesome.” 
She explained further, “Ordinary evil spirits are easy to deal with, but this wooden doll; having been worshipped and imbued with belief, is a bit more difficult to handle.” 
No wonder destroying it wasn’t the end. 
Upon hearing that, Fabiah immediately looked at Wynter.
###chapter641
Chapter 641 The Doll’s Reappearance 
Tobias did not quite understand the situation. “Is it harder for us to deal with the doll after it has been worshipped and gained believers?” 
Wynter’s voice was flat as she said, “No one even believes in the guardian angel now. It will be hard for us to deal with the doll with how popular it has become. 
“Spirits need their respective believers to gain strength. The more they are worshipped, the stronger they 
become. The same concept goes for evil spirits.” 
After listening to Wynter’s explanation, Sebastian seemed to see Wynter in a different light. 
He looked at her with shock and asked, “Wynter, are you a medium?” 
“I know some of the basic theories, but there are certain theories that I haven’t been able to grasp. I can, however, handle everyday problems easily,” Wynter said truthfully. 
As a lawyer working in Hawford Legal Elites, Sebastian had never imagined someone in their family 
would become a medium, especially his sister. 
As a non–superstitious person himself, he felt conflicted. 
“Next time, I’ll just pass all my weird clients over to you.” 
Sebastian had encountered several baffling lawsuits throughout his career. Several of his wealthy clients. seemingly had a guilty conscience after doing something wrong
It had been hard for him to deal with those cases as he had never taken them seriously. 
After listening to Wynter’s words, he sensed the possibility of reevaluating his company. 
Wynter didn’t need to look at Sebastian to know what he was thinking. 
No wonder he was the highest–earning lawyer in the Hawford Legal Elites. After listening to everything she said, he was still thinking about his business. 
However, that was also a good thing. The less he thought about such things, the harder it would be for evil spirits to latch onto him. 
She was currently more worried about Tobias. 
The more Wynter thought about it, the more she believed something sinister was brewing behind the 
scenes. 
At first, she thought that one of the Quinnells‘ business rivals was trying to bring them down. She believed the plan was designed to destroy the Quinnell family’s fortune. 
But now, she was sure there was another bigger picture in play. She just could not figure it out yet. 
In her dreams. Tobias had died a cruel death. 
Was Tobias the only victim? Or was Tobias just the start of something? 
Chapter 641 The Doll’s Reappearance. 
With that thought in mind, Wynter looked up with a heavy gaze.
After filing through her clues and the story she’d just heard, Wynter came to a bold conclusion. 
The person who took the wooden doll was still alive, and that someone was within their family’s circle! 
If that was the case, what was Naomi’s role in all of this? Wynter did not immediately eliminate the possibility of Naomi’s involvement in the situation. 
She would have her answer when Nixon could remember what had happened. 
She had a feeling she had missed something important as things weren’t adding up entirely. But what was 
she missing? What would not leave any records and be easily forgotten? 
Wynter felt her head throb. When she looked up again, Fabian was looking at her with concern. 
“Wynter, don’t stress yourself too much over the situation. Did I give you too much stress by asking you to 
take over the company?” 
“The company…” Only then did Wynter remember about her company’s situation. “The company is doing 
good.” 
Handling a business was not particularly challenging for her. 
Wynter smiled and said, “Grandpa, I was just thinking about something else.”
Fabian sighed. “Were you thinking about that doll? I’m too old now. I don’t understand why children these. days would like such things. 
“I just hope that things will not repeat themselves. I keep feeling a sense of unease whenever I see that 
doll.” 
Wynter kept her purple sugilite pendant and said, “Don’t worry, Grandpa. The almighty Kasper Stavius is in town. He’ll be able to deal with the doll if it reappears.” 
Fabian smiled when he heard Wynter’s words. As her grandfather, he could tell that Wynter was a capable woman who hid her skills well. 
Chapter 642 Alone Time
###chapter642
Chapter 642 Alone Time 
However, perhaps it was due to his trauma, he didn’t want Wynter to have anything to do with the doll. 
Wynter kept the clues and followed Fabian downstairs. 
She was currently hungry and tired, so she didn’t hold back when she saw the food Dalton had prepared in 
advance. 
However, Wynter had requested some alone time with Dalton. So, her three brothers could only pace 
around upstairs 
Fabian glared at them and said, “Can’t you three quiet down?” 
He wanted to see if there were any other things he could give Wynter, but his grandsons kept distracting 
him. 
Tobias had a playful look on his face. “Grandpa, Wynter is still young. How can you not be worried?” 
“I am worried. But who is going to call Wynter out?” Fabian raised an eyebrow and continued, “None of you dares to do so. Wynter’s the one who called him over. I’m warning you now not to upset her.” 
Sebastian pushed his specs up and said, “Wynter knows not to cross the line.” 
Tobias couldn’t help but complain in his heart, thinking that Sebastian would only say that because he had never seen Wynter on top of Dalton in the car before.
Wynter’s tendency to be distracted by pretty things was a bad thing. 
However, Wynter didn’t think so. She felt herself recharge quickly as she looked at the handsome man 
before her. 
Not to mention, Dalton’s presence was refreshing and healing. 
After finishing the food, Wynter patted the couch next to her. 
Dalton noticed and smiled. “Give me a moment. I’ll ask someone to clear the plates.” 
Wynter was patient. She wanted to use the opportunity to ask Leo a few things while Dalton was outside. 
However, Leo refused to come out no matter how many times she tapped on the lucky coin.. 
Was he afraid? 
Wynter had just raised an eyebrow when Dalton reentered the room. 
He immediately walked toward her while tugging his tie with one hand, exuding a sense of seductivity.” What did you want to talk to me about that needed everyone gone?” 
While giving him a pulse diagnosis, Wynter admired his handsome face and asked, “How should I destroy 
that doll?” 
Dalton subconsciously wanted to raise his hand, but he seemed to have thought of something and looked
Chapter 642 Alone Time 
back down at her. “Shouldn’t a medium be more educated on these things than me?” 
“I don’t really understand the Foplyans and their stuff.” Wynter was looking at his wrist when she suddenly 
raised her eyebrow. 
That was weird. She had never sensed such a strong pulse from him before. 
Wynter turned to look at him and said, “It seems you’re recovering quite nicely.” 
“You’re a good doctor. After all, even the Grim Reaper is no match for Dr. Miracle,” Dalton said while wiping the corners of her mouth with a piece of tissue. 
He added, “I was lucky to have met you.” 
Wynter wasn’t shocked that he had found out her secret. 
With that quick brain of his, he probably could have guessed that she was Dr. Miracle when Kasper said 
those words back then. 
“I have a feeling that has nothing to do with the medication.J gave you,” Wynter said, trying to grasp some 
other information from his pulse.
However, Dalton moved and held her hands instead. He lowered his body while breathing slowly and asked, “You seem to have a lot of questions this time round.” 
“Do I? A few of my friends are afraid of you. You should try to lower your presence. Wynter didn’t like to be questioned while diagnosing someone. So, she changed the topic entirely. 
Dalton faked a smile of confusion. “How should I do that? Do you think I’m one of your colleagues who 
can do those things?” 
“Forget it. They’ll still be scared of you even if you do so.” Wynter realized she couldn’t get anything from him and decided to play with his hands instead. 
It seemed like she had done something similar a long time ago.
###chapter643
Chapter 643 Something is off With Nixon 
While Wynter was still thinking, she heard someone knocking on the door. 
The door opened as Wolf came in. He narrowed his eyes and looked at Dalton with alert. 
Dalton remained calm and indifferent when he looked up. 
Wolf seemed slightly confused as he circled Dalton once more. He made a sniffing gesture before turning to Wynter with his cheeks puffed up. 
He was trying to convey that there was something wrong with Dalton. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow and said, “You seem particularly hostile today.” 
Wolf was about to gesture something when Dalton placed a card in his hands. “Go and buy some meat for yourself.” 
Wolf glared at Dalton. Did he look like someone who could be bought with money? 
Before he could refute Dalton, Dalton threw something at him. It shined brightly in Wolf’s arm, making it 
hard for Wynter to ignore. 
Wolfs eyes immediately brightened as he picked up the gold bar and bit it. After checking that it was real, he began sprinting around the room as if he had just found his favorite toy. 
However, Dalton remained impassive. Anyone who didn’t know any better might even assume that he was the one who had raised Wolf. 
I seem to know how to handle Wolf well. Where did you get the gold bar?” Wynter look
a frown. 
Who even sold gold bars? And how did he buy such a big one? 
at them with 
In reply to Wynter’s questions, Dalton smiled and said, “You seem to keep forgetting that I’m from the Yarwood family. I have a lot of these gold bars at home. 
“As for Chaos‘ personality, I’ve read some articles about him that claim he’s a person who loves money 
and hates evil.” 
After hearing Dalton’s answer, Wynter touched her lucky token and recalled how he looked in his red robe 
back in the formation. 
However, she wasn’t sure which decade that red robe was from. 
Dalton interrupted her thought process as he said flatly, “I don’t know how to destroy that doll. However, some Foplyans have made some speculations regarding its revival. 
“They think she will be resurrected again as long as someone worships her.” 
The second he finished his words, Wynter’s phone rang. 
It was a call from Winnie. She wanted to inform her that Nixon had recovered and could answer any 
Chapter 643 Something is off With Noon 
questions she had. He also wanted to meet his hero.
Wynter would always require some rest before leaving the formation. But she couldn’t sleep due to the situation with Gabby still being unresolved. 
In Wynter’s opinion, the situation was far from over. 
The perpetrator was targeting the Quinnells, yet they had placed the Earthbound Formation. How were all of these things connected? 
It couldn’t have been a random decision. 
Where on Earth did Nixon get that wooden doll from? 
The questions ran circles within Wynter’s mind. So, she decided to visit Nixon and ask him these questions herself. 
1 
In the hospital, Nixon, lying on the hospital bed, had already Tecovered. 
Throughout the month, Nixon had been pale and barely ate anything. But today, he woke up and drank a big bowl of chicken and veggie soup. 
If Victor hadn’t claimed that Nixon shouldn’t overeat after his recovery, he would probably still be eating. 
When Wynter came into his ward, his forehead was covered in sweat. Most of the toxins within his body had been flushed out, and his cheeks had returned to a red–rosy color.
“Wynter!” Nixon’s eyes brightened significantly as he sat up straight when he saw the person in his dreams. 
Wolf followed behind Wynter, helping her with her bag. 
Nixon belatedly noticed someone else was with her. When he met Wolf’s eyes, he subconsciously shrank 
back. 
*Are you afraid of Wolf?” Wynter was slightly shocked. 
Normally, kids would not be afraid of Wolf. After all, Wolf was fairly handsome due to his fair skin and large eyes. Most children loved to befriend him. 
Unless… 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Play 
C
###chapter644
hapter 644 Found Something 
Chapter 644 Found Something 
Wynter walked toward Winnie and said, “Ms. Yeaton, could you describe the specifics of Nixon’s birth?” 
Ever since Winnie understood Wynter’s capabilities, she stopped hiding things from Wynter. 
She quickly explained the details of Nixon’s birth. She was afraid she wasn’t being detailed enough, so she handed Wynter Nixon’s hospital records. 
Wynter looked through the records and paused. “He was blessed with good fortune.” 
There didn’t seem to be anything special with his eyes, but she also couldn’t expect everyone to have a 
purple aura like Dalton. 
Usually, there would be a sign on one’s facial features if they were blessed with good fortune, yet there were no signs of it on Nixon’s face. 
If it weren’t for his weird behavior toward Wolf, Wynter wouldn’t have paid attention to his fortune. 
So, the perpetrator didn’t choose a target at random but targeted Nixon due to his fate. 
According to the stories, Nixon should have started feeling sick before slowly losing his life force. His family would never suspect the wooden doll, either. 
Nixon showed no signs of his fortune as the wooden doll had already sucked up a portion of his luck. 
Nixon’s doll had only been a copy, and Wynter was afraid it wasn’t the only copy in Kingbourne.
“Nixon, do you remember who gave you that wooden doll?” Wynter asked. 
Nixon tilted his head in confusion. “Wooden doll?” 
“Yes. This doll. Wynter flipped through the photos in her phone and showed it to Nixon. 
Nixon looked at the photo and pointed at the screen. “It’s Gina.” 
“Who’s Gina?” Winnie immediately felt uncomfortable when she saw the picture of the wooden doll. 
Nixon’s said innocently, “Gina’s my doll’s name. She’s been with me for some time now. I loved it when Dad gave it to me.” 
“Why did your dad give you something like that?” Winnie asked as she clenched her fists. 
Wynter continued to ask, ‘Nixon, do you know where your dad got the doll from?” 
“I do. He bought it from a shop beside the chapel.” 
Wynter’s eyes darkened. “Which chapel?” 
“It’s the one that’s far away. All need to ask Dad.” 
Nixon paused momentarily before continuing. “The shop was opened by a company, and the owner is one 
of Daddy’s friends. Oh, I remember. It’s Mr. Shane.” 
Nixon tomed to Winnie “Mom, it’s the man who visited us before, Mr. Shanel 
Winnie’s expression immediately darkened when she heard Shane’s name. She subconsciously wanted to
dony it 
However, Wynter suddenly asked, “Mr. Shane? Is he one of the Quinnells?” 
“Wynter, listen to me. There must have been a misunderstanding Winnie felt inexplicably worried as she tried hard to change the topic. 
Wynter’s asked flatly, “Who is it?” 
Winnie hesitantly played with the fold of her shirt before saying. “He’s your father.” 
“Shane Quinnell. No wonder you keep trying to make amends. It was your way of saving my pride,” Wynter 
said with a smirk. 
She had found the one pulling the strings. It was Shane. 
However, the situation was slightly embarrassing from the gy 
of an outsider. 
Winnie said, “Wynter, Nixon has recovered because of you. That doll. 
Wynter smiled faintly. “I’ll figure out the mystery behind that doll. So, I hope you can keep our discussion a secret. As for the rest… 
With that said, Wynter got up and continued, “You’ve also heard the news from the banquet. My mom 
wants to divorce Shane.
“My grandfather has also agreed to their divorce, while Sebastian is already drafting the contract. As for our relationship with Shane… He cares more for his adoptive daughter.” 
Chapter 645 Shone’s Trickery
###chapter645
Chapter 645 Shane’s Trickery 
Winnie Immediately understood Wynter’s stance. She said, “Wynter, don’t worry. I won’t tell anyone about our talk today. I won’t even tell Nixon’s father.” 
“I’ll have to trouble you with that. Ms. Yeaton, remember, don’t let Nixon come across such dolls again in 
the future.” 
Winnie nodded. Going through this once was enough. She didn’t want another repeat of the incident. 
Wynter was ready to leave after saying everything that needed to be said. 
Suddenly, Nixon grasped her hand. “Wynter, what’s wrong with Gina? Why did you ask Mom to stop me 
from playing with her?” 
Children often feel sentimental about the toys they have played with for a long time, especially children 
like Nixon who grew up with a single parent. 
Not to mention, the doll had been a gift from his father. He would definitely treasure it. 
Wynter knew she had to explain the situation thoroughly to Nixon. She met his eyes and said, “Nixon, do 
you remember what happened in your dreams?” 
“I remember.” Nixon could never forget what had happened in that dream.
Wynter patted his head and said, “Everything in that dream happened because of Gina. Gina was made in 
Foplya. It… 
Before Wynter could finish her sentence, Nixon was enraged. “Foplya? That thing was made in Foplya?! 
don’t want it anymore!” 
Wynter was speechless. 
“I saw how they bullied us in my dream! I don’t want any of their stupid dolls!” Nixon’s reaction was strong due to the events in the dream. “Wynter, don’t try to change my mind. I hate them!” 
Then, Nixon added solemnly, “I hate them all! I’ll only forgive them if they admit to everything they’ve done 
and properly apologize!” 
Wynter looked at Nixon’s face and laughed. She wondered if Gordon could see that the next generation 
acted just like him. 
Wynter lowered her gaze and said, “Alright. We won’t buy any dolls. But don’t tell your dad about what happened today. I don’t want to alert the bad guys as I want to catch them all.” 
Nixon nodded solemnly. “I got it. My teacher taught me about these things in school. I promise to carry out the task properly!”
A sense of pride touched Winnie’s heart as she looked at Nixon. Her son had turned into a little man without her knowledge. 
Back then, she was only worried about his studies, afraid he would be left behind. After all, Cascadians 
Chapter 645 Shane’s Trickery 
were overly hardworking. That was why she wanted to take him abroad. 
But now, it seemed like her son might have hated her if she chose to go abroad. 
She could only thank Wynter for all her help. 
Winnie was slightly worried about Wynter. So, when she was walking Wynter out, she decided to give Wynter some advice to prevent her from receiving the short end of the stick. 
“Wynter, I know you believe your father–Winnie paused and corrected herself, “Shane. I know you believe he and Naomi aren’t as capable as they make themselves out to be. 
“Although Shane isn’t as decisive or capable as Mr. Quinnell Senior, I believe he has his strengths. He understands the people around him well as well as their weaknesses. 
“So, he makes friends by seeing who benefits him. Most people in the Quinnell family support him, and his supporters aren’t easy flies to deal with. 
“He’s able to handle things well in all aspects while making people underestimate him. That gives him a 
huge advantage in the business industry.
Winnie’s expression turned solemn as she continued, “Sometimes, I even suspect that everything is just an act of his. He only acts like that because of Mr. Quinnell Senior, allowing him to gain the shareholders‘ 
support 
“But with Mr. Yarwood by your side, those shareholders wouldn’t dare to make things difficult for you.”
###chapter646
Chapter 646 Call For a Meeting 
“If they could choose, they wouldn’t be willing to let a woman like you take over the company.” 
Winnie turned to Wynter and continued, “Also, my biggest regret throughout the years was giving Naomi my network and connections. However, her achievements are also due to her own efforts. 
“She’s made herself well–known in the antiques industry. She even has her own opinions on certain restoration projects. You’ll need to think twice before doing anything.” 
Winnie was terrified of the secrets that had yet to be uncovered, especially after learning that the wooden 
doll was manufactured by one of Shane’s companies. 
Wynter smiled charmingly. “My grandfather has handed me the company. I have been racking my brain thinking about what to do with it. Now that they’ve decided to come at me, I won’t let them off the hook 
so easily. 
“Not to mention, I also have some knowledge of antiques and artifacts. Also, I’m a much better medium than any of them. Don’t you think so, Ms. Yeaton?” Wynter asked with a defiant smile. 
Winnie paused momentarily. 
That was right. How could she have forgotten? Wynter was an exceptional medium. She was much 
stronger than all the other mediums she had ever met. 
That was something most people didn’t know.
If the Quinnell Group’s shareholders knew, they would probably come to Wynter to beg for a reading. They 
wouldn’t even have time to think of any ulterior plans. 
Wynter had gained several things after the trip to the hospital. But she had never expected Shane to be related to the entire situation. 
She could convince herself that the other party didn’t notice it during the incident in the hotel, but things stopped being a coincidence when history repeated itself. 
No wonder the manager told her it would be hard to learn anything when she found the Youngs. The housekeeper, Fiona, was nothing more but a pawn in their game. 
How could she have dared to do such a thing in her employer’s home without their permission? 
Shane was the real mastermind behind the formation at the hotel’s basement. With that said, a lot of 
things began to make sense. 
Otherwise, how could someone, meddle with the formation in their home so easily? 
Although Fabian wasn’t superstitious, Shane was. How could he have allowed someone to do such at thing? It was impossible. 
Wynter got on her motorcycle and put on her helmet. Her gaze darkened considerably. 
Everything else had happened because someone on the inside wanted to ruin the Quinnells. 
Chapter 646 Call For a Meeting 
But how much did Shane know about that doll? How did he manage to revive Gabby? 
No, something wasn’t right. He couldn’t have been the one to take the doll away. He wasn’t even in the 
picture back then: 
But he could have played a role in Gabby’s resurrection. It was hard to say. 
Wynter already had a clear understanding of her father. She would have to slowly explain the situation to 
Fabian as she was afraid he wouldn’t survive if he found out the truth in one s 
swoop. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow and took out her phone. “Alexis, it’s me. Contact all the shareholders, including Shane. Tell them there will be a meeting tomorrow. 
“I’ll have to question my uncles about a few things, considering they’re the company’s shareholders.” 
Alexis pushed his glasses up and said, “Don’t worry, Ms. Quinnell. I’ll inform them. You can also use the opportunity to see who doesn’t show up tomorrow.” 
Alexis was in Fabian’s office when he received the call. 
Fabian noticed he was done and asked, “Was it Wynter?” 
“That’s right, Mr. Quinnell. Ms. Quinnell is finally ready to take over the company’s business.” Alexis was slightly emotional. It was evident from his tone. 
Fabian touched his beard and said, “That’s great!”
###chapter647
Chapter 647 True Colors 
Fabian finally had someone who could take over the company. With Wynter in the company, all Quinnells‘ trading firms would be protected. 
Fabian had always been displeased with Shane. Other than his disdain for Shane’s greed, he was worried. that Shane would be blinded by money and use his trading firms as bargaining chips. 
He was afraid Shane might end up trading the firms‘ for something else. 
Something was changing within the Quinnell family. Everyone, including their shareholders and business partners, could feel it. 
Shane’s people had decreased significantly. 
He sat in the middle of the living room and threw the biggest tantrum of his life, smashing everything 
within the vicinity. 
“Why didn’t anyone tell me that Marie had recovered?” he demanded. 
Shane looked at the family doctors with strong hostility. “Didn’t I tell you to inform me of Marie’s condition? Or are you all just blind and unprofessional? Could none of you tell that she was recovering?” 
The family doctors began to panic. “Mr. Quinnel, Mrs. Quinnell should not have been able to recover. We’ve all come to the same conclusion.” 
“Are you telling me she was faking it in the banquet? She’s about to divorce me!” Shane gritted his teeth in anger. His usual gentle demeanor was nowhere in sight. 
Shane definitely didn’t want to divorce Marie. After all, it had taken him a lot of effort to pursue Marie and get her to agree to marry him. 
He also had feelings for Marie, but now…. 
How did things end up like this? 
“Dad, calm down. We’ll think of another way,” Naomi said as she walked over. 
Shane was beginning to feel slightly annoyed at Naomi. “What other way is there? You don’t need to worry about this issue. Just do what you have to and find me that sacred item.” 
Naomi’s hands clenched into fists. She remained impassive and said, “Alright. I’ve already gotten some information about it. Also, Mr. Noyak is coming tomorrow. Do you want to meet him?” 
“Invite him over quickly. He must have known I’d be in a tight spot. That’s why he had someone prepare a rabbit’s foot. Bring him to my study when the time comes,” Shane said as his mood lightened significantly. 
Naomi answered sweetly, “Amight.” 
But when she looked back down, there was a glimmer of darkness in her gaze. 
He wasn’t even concerned about what happened to her. He didn’t even ask how she escaped or if she was scared back then. 
Everyone in the Quinnell family was just useless pieces of trash. All of the kindness they had once shown her was nothing but an act. 
Shane would never stop to ponder and care about Naomi. He only wanted to meet Darrell and find a way 
out of this mess! 
At the same time, the southwest corner of a certain study in one of Kingbourne’s villas felt extremely 
creepy. 
However, the old man in the wooden chair seemed relaxed as he took a deep breath. Then, he got up and 
twisted the ink pot on his table. 
Suddenly, the floor began to shake as another space opened up. 
The old man took a hand–held lamp and slowly descended the stairs. There was a wooden doll sitting upright in the dark basement. 
There were several offerings placed before the doll. 
The old man proceeded to burn a few pieces of paper before the doll. The paper was filled with scribbling 
and curses about someone. 
Almost immediately, the fire roared. 
The doll seemed to have sensed it and sucked all of the smoke away. 
“Someone has destroyed one of my clones. Go and investigate who did it.” The doll’s voice was gruff and 
hoarse. 
The old man nodded and was about to speak when he felt the ground shake. He frowned and turned to head up the stairs. 
On his way out, the mirror on the floor managed to reflect the greed in his eyes. 
Nobody would have thought that he had been the one to take the Foplya consulate’s thing away. 
###chapter648
Chapter 648 The Tides Have Changed 
No one would know who he was as he had been changing identities throughout the years. Therefore, he didn’t need to be afraid of anything going wrong. 
He held the lamp and went back to his study. Looking up, he glanced at the butler standing outside. 
“What happened?” The old man’s voice was hoarse, and his hands were skinny and wrinkly. 
It was clear that his butler was afraid of him. 
“The scion was worried about you. He wanted to check in on you, but I was afraid he would see something he wasn’t supposed to. So, I made some noise for you on purpose.” 
The old man looked at him before pushing the ink pot back. His action allowed him to see his reflection in 
the mirror. 
His skin was loose and wrinkly while his figure was hunched. Even his eyes betrayed his age. 
Suddenly, he raised his cane to smash the mirror. 
“Go and call the Scotts. Ask them when they can give me what I want.” 
The butler didn’t even dare to glance at the old man’s shadow. He lowered his head and said respectfully, “Yes, sir!” 
The old man’s shadow did not look human. 
“Soon. We’ll be able to reform ourselves very soon,” the old man said to himself. 
Things would not have been so complicated if the Scott family hadn’t lost the resentful infant. 
Who on Earth was out there ruining his plans? It couldn’t be Darrell since he was too useless for that sort 
of thing. 
The old man was still deep in thought, wondering who could have been behind those things. 
Many possibilities flashed through his mind, so he decided to find an opportunity to test Kaspar. He wasn’t afraid of the dangers as he had hidden himself well. 
More than 100 years had passed, yet no one had found his secret. He began to fiddle with his bracelet, while the shadow became even more distorted. 
The butler walked out of the villa and felt his knees go weak. He didn’t dare to go against his employer’s 
wishes. 
Unexpectedly, the butler was shocked to find that someone was still there. He paused momentarily 
before greeting him. “Sir.” 
The batler frowned as he wondered how much he had seen. 
Luckily, the other party seemed oblivious to the butler’s suspicion. “Does Grandpa have a guest with him?” 
“Oh, he doesn’t have a guest. He just needs to deal with a few things from the company, the butler said while observing the other party’s expression. 
The butler sighed in relief after noticing that the man didn’t suspect a thing. 
It was already dark outside when the Scott family received a call. 
Peter’s expression was tensed as he said, “We’re in, a tough situation. The authorities are investigating us 
while Mr. Keller is watching us closely because of the incident in Southdale. 
“It’s hard for us to do anything. Just appease him and hold him off for now. Or, he can try another way.” 
Peter had never talked to someone in such a humble tone before. It was evident how strong his fear of 
the other party was. 
Cooperations between aristocratic families were usually done in secret. They were already accustomed to being on top of society due to the certain privileges they received. 
Most of the conditions within their cooperation clauses were attractive. They often offered things like money, power, and fate as rewards. 
The Scott family had always been ambitious. That was why they had taken so much effort to plan such a 
trap. 
By overtaking the Kellers family, they would take over their entire network. 
However, everything had been ruined by a young lady. 
At first, Peter wanted to figure out Wynter’s background, but he couldn’t help but frown as he read throught 
the report. 
Wynter was the bumpkin that the Quinnells had brought back. She was the Quinnell family’s young lady! 
Learning this, the Scott family couldn’t do anything to her. They didn’t even have time to fend for 
themselves. 
Dalton had attacked them and destroyed the foundation of their family’s business. Most of the Scotts. were currently under investigation. 
Peter felt mentally and physically exhausted. 
However, Yvette remained oblivious to their condition. She believed she was still wealthier than ever as 
she brought a bunch of supplements to Margaret’s place. 
###chapter649
Chapter 649 Panicked 
It was Margaret’s–first time meeting her biological granddaughter. She had planned to reject any visitors due to their guests, but Yvette was crying pitifully. 
Her eyes were teary when she exclaimed, “Grandma, I just want to visit you. Why do you refuse to see 
me? Is it because of my mom? I am my own person, Grandma.” 
Yvette was quite skilled in acting. After all, it wasn’t‘ her first go at life. She already understood Margaret’s 
weaknesses. 
“Grandma, can you not recognize me? Didn’t you and Grandpa look forward to my birth years ago?” 
The other guests looked at Yvette pitifully and advised Margaret to let her in even if there were 
misunderstandings between them. 
Margaret hesitated momentarily. However, she did not think the worst of her granddaughter. Yvette also 
didn’t seem to be here to beg her for anything. 
Yvette had brought a few supplements and helped her arrange her medication. She even gave Margaret a 
massage. 
Before she left, Yvette said, “Grandma, I’ll come and visit you some other day. Rest well.” 
Noticing that Yvette didn’t have anything planned, Margaret relaxed slightly. 
Perhaps her granddaughter had really just come to visit her. 
Margaret was slightly unsure if she should tell Wynter about the visit. But when she decided to call Wynter, Wynter’s phone had been turned off. 
e peace at 
Margaret understood that Wynter had been busy recently. She also didn’t want to disturb the home over such a small matter. 
She could ignore her son, but as for her granddaughter… 
She’d have to see how Yvette would behave in the future. 
Although Margaret was wary of Yvette, she still felt kinship toward her. 
Yvette had grasped Margaret’s weakness well. She knew Margaret was disgusted by her idiotic parents, 
not her. 
After all, the bond between grandparents and grandchildren was often stronger. 
Her birth had been welcomed. However, that woman had enjoyed the life that was meant for her. Therefore, it was not her fault that she had such thoughts. 
It was too difficult to make/contact with the Yarwoods. She could use Margaret to get acquainted with 
them. 
She could just claim to be Wynter’s sister to the public. That way, she’d definitely be able to acquaint 
herself with the Yarwoods. If she was lucky, she might even be able to see him. 
Yvette no longer spared other people any attention since she met Dalton. He would be hers. She couldn’t forget him, despite only having a glimpse of him. 
Only someone like her could be deserving of a man like him. 
Margaret would never have imagined that that was Yvette’s plan. Even Ewan could not understand half of the things Yvette had done since arriving in Kingbourne, let alone Margaret. 
Ewan had been overly prideful. He had gone to the banquet’s venue but did not go in. 
He had been busy forming connections with the people outside and went to a spa with a few managers 
within his social circle. 
He had missed out on their schemes and didn’t even check what was happening online. He had slept throughout the night and woke up smelling like alcohol the next day. 
Clearly, Yvette had begun planning on ways to get rid of him. She decided to use Ewan as a way to dismiss Margaret’s doubts. 
After all, Ewan was no longer valuable to her anymore. He might even end up being a burden to her in the 
future. 
Early the next day, the entire Quinnel Group was busy. 
The article about Wynter officially taking over the family business went viral. Everyone knew about it. 
The employees were worried they might lose their jobs or the possibility of their managers changing. Everyone was panicking as an employee’s biggest fear was a change in management. 
###chapter650
Chapter 650 Taking Charge 
There was a high chance that the company might undergo a complete change. It was difficult to guess if the new CEO would suddenly fire them. 
Every department was discussing the situation as many people had never seen Wynter before. 
The media were terrified of the Quinnells and Dalton. Without Dalton’s approval, no one dared to post. photos of Wynter on the internet. 
There was a saying that a bathroom was the easiest place to hear about gossip. That was indeed the 
case. 
Wynter was relieving herself in the toilet when she overheard the discussion between two employees as they touched up their make–up. 
“Do you think the new CEO knows how to run a business?” 
“Who knows? I heard she’s quite young. You understand our company’s situation. We have so many shareholders in our company, how many of them will be willing to work for her?” 
“I doubt any of them will be willing. She just appeared out of the blue. But that has nothing to do with us. We can always quit if anything happens.” 
At that moment, Wynter came out of the stall with a slight smirk. “That’s so interesting. Could you two fill me in on what’s happening?” 
The two women looked at each other as their faces fell. One worked in the human resources department while the other was in the secretarial department.
“Which department are you from? Why did you just stay in there without making a sound?” Both of them looked guilty yet arrogant. 
“Are you new?” the one working in the human resource department asked. 
Wynter said calmly, “Yes. I’m new.” 
Then, she walked toward them with a soft smile and said, “I just came and heard that they’re changing CEOs. I’m afraid I’ll get fired for not understanding the rules. 
“I was wondering if you two could give me a brief explanation of the rules here.” 
The two girls sensed she was being honest and signaled for her to come closer. 
Wynter immediately inched closer. 
Gossiping about the higher–ups was taboo, but Wynter had already overheard their conversation. To play it safe, they might as well turn her into a partner in crime. 
“Don’t tell anyone what we’re about to say. There’s nothing in particular for you to pay attention to, but you must choose your side carefully. 
Chapter 650 Taking Charge 
“Although the previous CEO wasn’t favored by Mr. Quinnell Senior, he has several supporters within the company. You should be careful.” 
The two girls sounded sincere as they continued, “In the workplace, certain things should be handled delicately. While helping the senior staff is alright, don’t stand out too much. 
“But at the same time, don’t bury yourself too much. Just be mediocre and learn to read the management’s expressions.”
Wynter seemed to be learning diligently as she even recorded everything the girls said into her phone. 
The two girls had never been so respected before. They felt happy when they noticed Wynter’s attitude. 
“We’ve told you a lot of things today. It’s also quite late now. We should go back to our posts. You can use 
this time to process everything we’ve said.” 
Wynter answered, “Alright.” 
Although she was smiling, there was an underlying wickedness in her smile. 
The woman working in the human resource department was friendly. “Oh, right. Which department are you from? Remember to send me your details. Do you need me to bring you to your department?” 
The two women were still concerned about her as they left the bathroom. 
Wynter smiled faintly when she saw Alexis in the distance. “It’s alright. Someone is here to bring me up.” 
“You’re an employee. How can someone come down to bring you up?” The women covered their mouths 
with a smile. 
Suddenly, they noticed Alexis walking over with a few bodyguards behind him. 
Alexis was dressed in a suit and looked slightly emotional and worried. He looked nothing like he did on
usual days. 
“Ms. Quinnell, the shareholders have arrived. Shall we head up now?” 
The two women immediately froze as their eyes widened in shock. Ms. Quinnell? 
Then, they stood there and watched their new CEO smile at them and said, “I’ve learned a lot about the workplace environment. Thanks a lot.” 
The two women were dumbfounded.
###chapter651
Chapter 651 Overwhelming Presence
Chapter 651 Overwhelming Presence Most of the employees with an entry-level job were in shock. They never expected their newly appointed CEO to come and check on them.
Everyone was stunned as they watched Wynter pass by them.
Alexis was following behind her. He had a gentle demeanor but a strong presence hidden within. Only people in the workforce could sense it.
The people in the secretarial department felt their backs grow cold when they saw Alexis.
Everyone that had been discussing Wynter had zipped their lips. They thought the new CEO would be a soft person with an uptight personality. After all, she came from the countryside.
However, everyone was amazed by Wynter when they saw her.
They had never seen someone with such a strong presence. Even Alexis and the bodyguards behind her felt incomparable in her presence.
Even Naomi had not been able to stand out so much when she was with Alexis.
However, Wynter's presence and appearance were unforgettable.
She wore a white buttoned-up paired with a black suit jacket. She had also styled her hair into a high ponytail.
She looked like a mafia family's head as there was an indescribable sense of nobility around her.
Due to her fair skin and glasses, Wynter looked much more like a CEO than Naomi.
Alexis admired Wynter's way of handling the situation. She had only gone through two floors yet had already grasped the company's situation.
She was smart and effective. Everything that Fabian was worried might happen, never happened.
Wynter arrived at the conference hall at a good time. She was neither late nor early.
-When she sat in her seat, her beauty shone throughout the room. She didn't say a word as she sat there with Alexis standing behind her.
Despite this, all the shareholders couldn't help but pause when they saw her.
Some of the shareholders present had attended her family reunion banquet whereas some didn't. But even those who had met Wynter before were shocked by the current situation.
After all, Wynter was just a famous designer. They didn't believe she could run a company properly.
They lowered themselves as they wanted to get acquainted with the Yarwoods, only planning to humor her as much as possible.
But now, they felt an inexplicable sense of worry as they saw her sit in her chair, Chapter 651 Overwhelming Presence
72
Wynter calmly twirled the pen around her fingers. It felt like a scene from her school years, where no one knew what she was thinking.
Before she entered the conference room, the shareholders had been joking around. Now that she was here, the conference room's atmosphere felt slightly stuffy.
Wynter was young and didn't even do anything yet, but they didn't dare to act out like before. It was weird.
Half a month later, they finally understood why they had been so scared.
Dalton had made a name for himself due to his decisive and cruel nature. Who would have thought that Wynter En was much crueler than Dalton? 
However, all of this would happen at a later date.
The shareholders sat in their seats while exchanging glances with each other. Those familiar with each other were also beginning to communicate through their eyes. 
Someone even signaled another person to look at their phone.
However, those two men immediately froze as the pen flew toward them and landed in one of their penholders.
That shareholder was in his mid-50s. His eyes immediately widen in shock.
Wynter crossed her legs and said faintly, "Mr. Whittle, why don't you share the good news with Gs? Let everyone in on the fun. Mr. Wolley might not understand your hand gestures." 
Everyone widened their eyes in shock when they heard Wynter name the two shareholders accurately.
###chapter652
Chapter 652 Power Move The Quinnell family's newly returned daughter had some capabilities!
Only one night had passed since the family reunion dinner, yet Wynter managed to remember them all. Even if Fabian was helping her behind the scenes, her memory was astounding.
Not to mention, she had thrown that pen with perfect aim!
The shareholders were old, but that didn't mean they were dumb.
Wynter Quinnell was not an average woman. If they were smart, they would start protecting themselves and not do anything stupid.
However, it was clear that Jordan Whittle was a sly man. "I never thought Wynter would remember me. You sure did follow in your father's footsteps by caring for us old folks."
It was clear that he was insulting Wynter.
Wynter smiled faintly and said, "I was afraid you'd get tired, Mr. Whittle. So, what did you want to talk to Mr. Wolley about? Do share with us the good news."
Jordan was on Shane's side. He was prepared to bring together a group of people to show Wynter their stance Who would have known he would be stopped before he could even begin?
Jordan patted his bald head and laughed. "Mr. Wolley has his eyes on someone. I've just helped him with the arrangements. It's improper to discuss our personal endeavors here in the conference room."
His tone was indicating otherwise, while all the other shareholders were smiling. It was a smile shared between old perverted men.
They were doing this because they wanted Wynter to understand that she would not be able to join in on their conversation, let alone manage them.
She was too youn young Jordan never thought there would be a day when he was forced to listen to a young woman's words!
Alexis understood what they were trying to do. He frowned and was about to speak up when Wynter Interrupted them.
"Mr. Whittle, where is the woman in question from?" Wynter asked casually.
Jordan didn't think much about it. "Of course, she's from my entertainment company..."
"The entertainment company under your hands is the Quinnell Group's Starlight Media. Am I right?" Wynter looked up as she placed her hands on the conference table.
Jordan was still smiling: That's right."
"Alexis, make a reminder to call the police to investigate Starlight Media," Wynter said with a smirk.
Chapter 652 Power Move
22
Jordan's smile immediately froze. "Wynter, why should the police be brought into this? All those people are doing it willingly. I didn't force them to do anything!"
"Mr. Whittle, don't get anxious just yet. I do believe in you. Just let the police do their thing. Don't you think it's too early to panic right now?"
Jordan looked at Wynter. "You're asking the police to come and m investigate my company! Do you know how badly things would reflect on my reputation if word gets out?" 
"The Quinnell Group has bur own PR team. They should understand how to write a basic emergency statement. There's nothing for you to worry about, Mr.
Whittle."
Jordan was about to say something when Wynter lifted her hands. "Alexis, what time is the meeting scheduled to start?"
"Ms. Quinnell, it's been scheduled to start at 10:00 am sharp." Alexis' tone toward Wynter seemed to have changed slightly.
Wynter looked at the time. "There are still two minutes left. You can felh everyone who's not here that there's no need for them to come again in the future." 
There were indeed a few shareholders who had planned to arrive late. They wanted to test how Wynter would handle the situation.
Shane originally wanted to be late as a power move against his daughter, but Declan told him to calm down and not act impulsively. If he were late, outsiders would only believe he despised his daughter. 
So, Shane had prepared to arrive at 10:00 am sharp. Some of the people who had taken his side were still messing around when they
###chapter653
Chapter 653 Impulse Shane was furious as he looked at the door. "Wynter, what are you doing? These are your relatives and family members!
"Didn't your Grandpa tell you that as part of the Quinnells, we should always remember that we managed to make it big because of the loyal and unyielding help from the family? Open the door right now!"
Anger clouded Shane's rationality as he forgot all the advice Declan had given him.
Declan had reminded him not to act impulsively. On Wynter's first day as the company's CEO, he should stay collected and maintain a low profile.
Declan had also told him to avoid letting Wynter gain anything that could be held over him.
Wynter was knocking the table with her knuckles when she paused and looked up. The presence in the room was overwhelming when she said, "Mr. Quinnell, it's currently our scheduled meeting time."
She had called him Mr. Quinnell! Shane's anger increased tenfold.
Fabian's health had been declining throughout the years. He would join any shareholders meeting that he could, but that used to remain as Shane's seat!
Now, not only had he lost his position as the CEO, but he was now a measly manager who did not have much say!
"Alright! I would like to know how you, Ms. Quinnell, plan on holding your meeting with several of your shareholders standing outside." Shane clenched his hands into fists while heaving heavily.
Wynter was not the slightest bit anxious.
"Most of the Quinnell Group's shares had beeh distributed to many people due to the company's value. We do not want to mistreat anyone who has dedicated their heart and soul to the company.
"Alexis, how would a manager deal with employees who are late or purpose?"
Alexis closed his notebook and said, "If it's a serious offense, we'll either fire them or deduct their pay. However, no company would wish to have such employees in their team."
"Everyone here has heard him. I did not forget Grandpa's words. That is why the shareholders outside are only being locked out of the conference room."
Wynter looked at Shane and said, "Mr. Quinnell, are you saying you would tolerate such behavior? How can you even earn your payslip without coming to work on time?
"If the higher-ups don't set an example, the employees will only follow suit. How shall the company continue to run if that happens?"
Shane was instantly at a loss for words. How could he have forgotten how adept his daughter was at speaking? Wynter had a way of bringing him bad luck!
Most of the shareholders present had planned to send a message but immediately stopped. They didn't Chapte 653 Impulse even dare to touch their phones as they were shocked by Wynter's actions.
No one would have expected Wynter to act so decisively. She had closed the door without hesitation while the people outside could only complain about their predicament.
With the bodyguard present, the people outside wouldn't be able to do much, either.
Other than being locked outside, the hostility from them was too obvious. The four of them were too stupid to think they could easily manipulate Wynter.
In the end, they got disciplined by a young woman.
Shane had destroyed his chance of taking back the company. He thought he would have several votes during the voting session.
But now, only three of his men were inside the conference room.
Declan didn't even attend the meeting. He had also made a stance to the public, claiming to support Wynter.
With that thought in mind, the shareholders began to feel afraid If they had decided to act up, there would have been more of them locked outside. 
It seemed like Fabian's successor was quite brave!
However, it was hard to say if she'd cross the line. It might be hard ton wrap things up if that happened. After all, the company still needed people to manage it. 
With that thought in mind, Shane unhappily sat down and turned to look at Wynter. He placed his hands on the table and clenched them tightly into fists. 
A thought began to echo in his mind. How nice would it be if Wynter hadn't returned to the Quinnell family?
###chapter654
Chapter 654 Qualifications One of Shane's strengths was that no matter the turmoil in his head, he would manage to remain calm and collected. Despite his outrage moments ago, he had quickly calmed himself down.
Declan was right. He could not act impulsively and had to wait patiently for Wynter to mess up.
Not to mention, he had brought something interesting to the meeting. It was related to Wynter's education history.
Although Wynter was a talented designer, her education was...
Shane chuckled. It was honestly sad.
However, he could not bring that matter up himself. So, he handed the documents to Jordan last night.
After being pegged down a notch, Jordan could no longer wait to call Wynter out, especially when he noticed that Shane had turned to look at him.
"Everyone, before the meeting officially starts, there are a few things I would like to ask Ms. Quinnell."
Jordan took out some documents from his bag as he spoke.
He turned to Wynter and said, "Ms. Quinnell, this is your experience in Southdale. You do not have any experience with business management.
According to this file, your education ended after graduating from a vocational school. Am I right?"
"A vocational school graduate?" The shareholders in the room immediately frowned.
eav What kind of joke was that? How could there still be a vocational school graduate out there?
Jordan smiled and continued, "According to the company's rules, you don't even fit the requirements to be a receptionist. Ms. Quinnell, do not misunderstand me. I'm not questioning your abilities.
"However, this is a company we're talking about. We can't let you do things as you deem fit. You should at least have some experience in the business industry."
Wynter met Jordan's gaze. "I would like to discuss this question with you too, Mr. Whittle."
"Do say," Jordan said with satisfaction. He was ready to see how she planned on explaining her educational background.
However, he never guessed that her qualifications weren't what Wynter wanted to discuss with him.
Instead, she said, "Mr. Whittle, how did you lose all the money you've invested? Every project you have invested in has resulted in a loss of money.
"I've looked through the company's investments throughout the year. We have had a loss in profit for every single investment you Have suggested."
Wynter chuckled. "It's funny how consistent it has been."
Jordan would have never imagined that Wynter would bring this to the table. Didn't she just take hold of Chapte: 654 Qualifications the company? How did she know so much?
Wynter looked at him with a smirk.
30
Most of the cases Wynter dealt with required her to deal with businessmen. Those with m
hidden secrets could hide it from the people beside them, but how could they hide it from the Internet? 
It was a shame that nobody present knew of Wynter's secret identity.
Jordan was still being stubborn. "The industry hasn't been doing well m throughout the past few years. You it can check for yourself. Other than network economics, most of the markets are slowly declining." 
"I thought so, too. So, I decided to dig deeper. Alexis, show the shareholders the documents in your hand."
Jordan was still calm when he heard her words, but he immediately m started to sweat profusely when he received a copy of the documents. 
Throughout the years, he had received kickbacks through the company's foreign investments. He had been committing an economic crime!
But didn't he destroy all of his records? Why did Wynter have a copy of all these transactions?
He didn't know Wynter's secret identity, so he could not figure out how she got a copy of his illegal dealings.
The shareholders beside him immediately paled. That was because everyone at that table had their fair share of dirt on them!
###chapter655
Chapter 655 Dividends
"I don't believe Mr. Whittle is unfamiliar with these transactions. As for the rest of you."
Wynter's smile deepened a fraction before she said, "It's about time you see them for yourselves."
All of the shareholders were quiet. None of them dared to speak out.
Jordan still wanted to explain himself. "The accountants are the ones managing these transactions.
"Also, the investments recorded within the transactions are investments the board had agreed on. I shall call the personnel in charge of these accounts over now!"
Wynter's voice was flat. "There's no need for all that trouble. Mr. Whittle, you seem to have Alexis has already called the police to investigate the matter."
forgotten that Jordan immediately stood up. He couldn't sit still as he never expected the police to be involved.
Since the start of the meeting, he had decided to make a small joke and make things difficult for Wynter. But now, he might end up in jail if the police find anything, never mind his position as a shareholder.
"Mr. Quinnell, please say something! Mr. Quinnell!" Jordan was shouting at Shane.
Throughout the years, he had only been supporting Shane and not any of Fabian's proposals. Shane could not just ignore him and allow him to be sent to prison.
After all, he had done all of those to make Shane seem like a capable CEO.
For example, he would still invest in certain projects despite knowing it would not be profitable. He had done so to gain the aristocratic families' support.
He did receive kickbacks, but Shane had also benefitted from his dealings.
Shane was sitting at the other end of the table when Jordan shouted at him. His expression changed instantly
"Mr. Whittle, you should calm down." He was trying to hint at Jordan not to give him up to Wynter at such a time. "Let's wait for the police to finish their investigation. Our company will not falsely accuse anyone."
How could Shane choose to protect Jordan at times like these? He could still talk their way out of certain things, but receiving kickbacks was..
One of the shareholders was furious. He pointed at the document and asked, "Jordan, don't yell at Mr. Quinnell. I want you to explain to me what office supply would cost three million dollars."
Jordan still wanted to explain himself. "There are too many people in our offices. So, our usage of office supplies had overshot the budget. The purchaser made all of these decisions without my consent."
*Jordan, enough with your nonsense. Everyone here is a shareholder managing their own company. Your employees will need your signature for checks as big as these. Who are you trying to fool here?"
Some of the shareholders were beginning to slam their hands on the table.
Chapter 655 Dividends
Wynter didn't need to say anything after showing them those transaction records. There would always be someone who would come out and question him.
A shareholder's only income was through their dividends. The higher the company's stock price, the more they could cash out through their shares. Additionally, annual dividends would only increase when the profits were high.
According to the documents in their hands, Jordan had gone behind their backs and taken around 20 million. 
Most of the shareholders there didn't know about Jordan's acts. Now that they knew, they were more 
than ready to throw hands!
was on Shane's side.
Most of the shareholders in the room considered themselves superior to others as they worked for Shane and were able to call the shots.
But no matter what, they would not tolerate Shane allowing people to extort the company's money like that.
Chapter 656 Shady Dealings
###chapter656
Chapter 656 Shady Dealings Shane had never been disrespected like this before.
Some of the shareholders didn't hold back with their insults. They scorned him for his lack of ability and for being oblivious to what was happening underneath his nose.
Some even claimed that he didn't deserve to lead the Quinnell Group!
The changes in Shane's expression were as clear as day. He wanted to throw a fit, but he knew anything he said now would only add fuel to the fire.
Shane would rather admit that he was incapable of leading a business than admit that Jordon's dealings had something to do with him.
After all, Jordan's dealings were against the law!
The people outside the meeting room didn't know what the shareholders inside were arguing about. But they understood that change within the company would come.
Alexis stood beside Wynter. He pushed his glasses up and looked at the shareholders with excitement. No wonder Wynter told him he didn't need to do a thing.
Who knew that Wynter had such a card hidden up her sleeves?
Back then, Fabian had been worried that Wynter's cruelty and young age would upset certain shareholders. He was also worried that the shareholders would feel threatened by her.
But now, Wynter's actions had managed to make an example out of Jordan. At the same time, the shareholders would not be able to hold back when they realized their profits were in danger. They would definitely sort themselves out.
Wynter's method of handling the situation was amazing!
Wynter allowed the shareholders to argue for another few minutes before saying. "The police will immediately take you all into questioning if they find something.
"I will ensure that all of the misappropriated funds will be recovered. Furthermore, I will choose a suitable person to take over the entertainment companies under the Quinnell Group.
"In addition, I would like to say despite being in the entertainment industry, we cannot coerce or force anyone to do anything. We should not partake in any shady dealings."
you. Just a small Wynter turned to the defeated Jordan and said, "Mr. Whittle, your reputation exceeds investigation was enough to find out how you coerce women into drinking and threaten trainees with their debut if they refuse to attend certain gatherings."
After realizing that Shane had abandoned him, Jordan turned to look at Wynter earnestly.
"Wynter. Wait, no. Ms. Quinnell, I'm already old now, I have been working with the Quinnell Group for so many years. Could you please take that into account and be lenient with me?
Chapter 656 Shady Dealings
"Can we please don't get the police involved in this matter? I can willingly give up my shares. Just allow me to save some of my dignity."
Wynter's gaze darkened. "What about the dignities of the people whose lives you've ruined? All of the company's losses ended up in your pockets.
"The entertainment companies under the Quinnell Group had once been on top of the market. Now, any resemblance of that company is long gone.
"The company has been filled with shady dealings since you took over the company. Why didn't about your dignity back then?
t you think
"Also, our company has vowed never to cooperate with any Foplyan companies. That is an iron rule that had been set since the Quinnell Group's establishment."
Wynter took a copy of the business transactions and placed them on the table.
"Why did you use the Quinnell Group's money to facilitate tradings between the Foplyan companies?
"Mr. Whittle, did you think we'd never ut it? Or did you think do anything about it? Or that the company allowing you to do whatever you want?" 
She placed a hand on the table while looking at Jordan with a dark gaze.
Is yours, Jordan wasn't the only one frightened by Wynter's overwhelming presence. The other shareholders were all frozen in their seats.
They had discussed cooperating with the Foplyans half a year age. It was because the Foplyan had certain technologies that they needed. 
Also, with the advancement of the world, one can only win by working with others.
However, Fabian did not agree to their proposal. 
Now, was Wynter planning to use Jordan to make her point?
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
###chapter657
Chapter 657 Industrial Spy Wynter did not keep them guessing and expressed her stance.
"The Quinnell Group will never cooperate with Foplyan companies. This rule was set 100 years ago and will continue to stay for 100 years more.
"I wish to remind all of you that the Quinnell Group is different from other corporations. Although we are now at peace, the Quinnell Group will never forget what happened in the past."
With that said, Wynter turned to Jordan and continued, "I will provide the evidence to the police. This is because I have reasons to believe you are an industrial spy sent by the Foplyans."
Although the Quinnell Group had a strong foundation in the business industry, things would get out of hand if something like this was reported to the media.
Jordan immediately paled. "I'm not a spy. I've never done such a thing! I just wanted to earn more money!
I'm not an industrial spy!"
He had already begun to panic. His family would be doomed if he was found guilty of such a crime!
The shareholders never considered that aspect of the situation and began to sweat profusely when they heard Wynter's words.
How could they wrong with the forget they would find themselves in such a predicament if things t Foplyans?
After all, the Quinnell Group's background was relatively special compared to the other corporations.
Without missing a beat, Wynter said, "You can tell that to the police, Mr. Whittle. Alexis, bring him out. I don't want him to affect the second half of the meeting."
Jordan could no longer stay calm. He immediately held onto one of the table's legs and said, "It was Shane's idea to work with the Foplyan companies. It has nothing to do with me.
"Ms. Quinnell, you can ask him if you don't believe me. I was just one of his lapdogs!"
4
on the line. But he was also telling the truth.
Jordan didn't hesitate to demean himself as his life was Shane was indeed the one who suggested cooperating with the Foplyans.
Instantly, everyone's gazes landed on Shane.
Shane also could not sit still any longer.
At first, he just wanted to talk about his daughter's education to make her back off. He wanted her to learn that people couldn't be CEOS just because they wanted to.
Shane would have never imagined that things would take such a big turn.
Not only was the company's cooperation with the Foplyans discovered, but the blame had been directed onto him.
Chapter 657 Industrial Spy
Even Fabian wasn't able to find so much information. He only asked everyone to stop proposing such an idea.
Fabian had even fallen sick and got a lung disease after being aggravated by the shareholders. He was. even admitted to the hospital.
It was also after that meeting that Shane started to gain the shareholders' support. After all, it was a businessman's nature to do profitable things.
Fabian's beliefs were well suited for his generation, but the current shareholders were not from his generation.
Shane did not understand why Fabian was so adamant on this issue. Everything that had happened was a long time ago. Not to mention, history had nothing to do with managing a business.
How did Fabian fail to see how well the Foplyan market currently was?
The technology the Foplyans were developing was also one of the best technologies out there.
The Foplyans had also lowered their price and expressed their sincerity to work with the Quinnell Group. They only wanted to start making a name for themselves in Cascadia's market.
However, Fabian was not willing to budge on this matter.
How could Shane not worry about the Quinnell Group as he watched the people around him earning big bucks?
The Scotts, the Winstons, the Fentons, and even several small companies were already cooperating with the Foplyans.
Other people have already earned buckets among buckets, yet Fabian was lecturing him on that matter.
Declan had told him that Fabian was too old-fashioned regarding this issue. So, Shane could only go behind his back and contact the Foplyans.
He never thought that Wynter would find out about it. He also did not imagine his friend would throw him under the bus like that!
Shane wasn't even given the chance to deny those accusation Chapter 657 Industrial Spy Wynter did not keep them guessing and expressed her stance.
"The Quinnell Group will never cooperate with Foplyan companies. This rule was set 100 years ago and will continue to stay for 100 years more.
"I wish to remind all of you that the Quinnell Group is different from other corporations. Although we are now at peace, the Quinnell Group will never forget what happened in the past."
With that said, Wynter turned to Jordan and continued, "I will provide the evidence to the police. This is because I have reasons to believe you are an industrial spy sent by the Foplyans."
Although the Quinnell Group had a strong foundation in the business industry, things would get out of hand if something like this was reported to the media.
Jordan immediately paled. "I'm not a spy. I've never done such a thing! I just wanted to earn more money!
I'm not an industrial spy!"
He had already begun to panic. His family would be doomed if he was found guilty of such a crime!
The shareholders never considered that aspect of the situation and began to sweat profusely when they heard Wynter's words.
How could they wrong with the forget they would find themselves in such a predicament if things t Foplyans?
After all, the Quinnell Group's background was relatively special compared to the other corporations.
Without missing a beat, Wynter said, "You can tell that to the police, Mr. Whittle. Alexis, bring him out. I don't want him to affect the second half of the meeting."
Jordan could no longer stay calm. He immediately held onto one of the table's legs and said, "It was Shane's idea to work with the Foplyan companies. It has nothing to do with me.
"Ms. Quinnell, you can ask him if you don't believe me. I was just one of his lapdogs!"
4
on the line. But he was also telling the truth.
Jordan didn't hesitate to demean himself as his life was Shane was indeed the one who suggested cooperating with the Foplyans.
Instantly, everyone's gazes landed on Shane.
Shane also could not sit still any longer.
At first, he just wanted to talk about his daughter's education to make her back off. He wanted her to learn that ff. people couldn't be CEOS just because they wanted to. 
Shane would have never imagined that things would take such a big turn.
Not only was the company's cooperation with the Foplyans discovered, but the blame had been directed onto him.
Chapter 657 Industrial Spy
Even Fabian wasn't able to find so much information. He only asked everyone to stop proposing such an idea.
Fabian had even fallen sick and got a lung disease after being aggravated by the shareholders. He was. even admitted to the hospital.
It was also after that meeting that Shane started to gain the shareholders'
support. After all, it was a businessman's nature to do profitable things. Fabian's beliefs were well suited for his generation, but the current shareholders were not from his generation.
Shane did not understand why Fabian was so adamant on this issue. Everything that had happened was a long time ago. Not to mention, history had nothing to do with managing a business. 
How did Fabian fail to see how well the Foplyan market currently was?
The technology the Foplyans were developing was also one of the best technologies out there.
The Foplyans had also lowered their price and expressed their sincerity to work with the Quinnell Group. 
However, Fabian was not willing to budge on this matter.
How could Shane not worry about the Quinnell Group as he watched the people around him earning big bucks?
The Scotts, the Winstons, the Fentons, and even several small companies were already cooperating with the Foplyans.
Other people have already earned buckets among buckets, yet Fabian was lecturing him on that matter.
Declan had told him that Fabian was too old-fashioned regarding this issue. So, Shane could only go behind his back and contact the Foplyans.
He never thought that Wynter would find out about it. He also did not imagine his friend would throw him under the bus like that!
Shane wasn't even given the chance to deny those accusation
###chapter658
Chapter 658 Secreto Jordan had done too much on Shane's behall. Thus, Jordan know a lot of his secrets.
With that thought in mind, there was a shift in Shane's eyes when he said, "Wynter, I know Grandpa is supporting you, and you despise having me as your father.
"But he's right. I did ask Mr. Whittle here to interact with the Foplyans."
Shane admitted it easily. Things had already reached such a point, so admitting his wrongdoings was the only way for him to minimize his losses.
"But I never asked him to do such a stupid thing."
Shane turned to the shareholders and said, "The Foplyan companies were offering us a high percentage of their profits.
"I did bring this up in the previous meeting. Everyone here had also agreed to my proposal, whereas Mr. Quinnell Senior was the only one who had rejected it."
Wynter propped her chin up lazily with her hands. "As the board of Quinnell Group's chairman, he has the right to reject your proposal.
"What are you trying to say here, Mr. Quinnell? Are you saying that Mr. Whittle here acted on his own? Why don't we ask him if he agrees with your accusations?"
"I don't! I don't agree with what he said. The Foplyan companies didn't offer us a high percentage of their profits. They just provided us with some goods.
"There were a few items they wanted to sell through the Quinnell Group, but I don't know what they were," Jordan said as he held onto the table leg tightly and trembled slightly.
Jordan was only responsible for earning money. During crucial moments like these, he still understood the importance of saving his own skin. "I remember now. There was a really creepy thing."
Suddenly, Jordan began to flail his arms as he exclaimed, "Those wooden dolls! Ms. Quinnell, you must investigate those wooden dolls. Mr. Quinnell went to discuss this agreement himself.
"Do you know why he cares about those dolls so much? It's because a fortune teller had told him he could gain luck and fortune if he were to sell those dolls."
Suddenly, Jordan started to laugh as he looked at Shane with hatred. He had done so much for Shane over the years, yet Shane never even thought of protecting him.
It was one thing to give up on him, but Shane had even tried to throw hirn under the bus.
"Ms. Quinnell, who would have thought our previous CEO would be such a superstitious man?" Jordan said, feeling a sense of satisfaction.
He continued, "He's so superstitious that he's willing to ally the Quinnell Group with the Foplyans because of a fortune teller. Now, all these dolls are being worshipped at the chapel. Don't you think it's funny?"
I Chapter 650 Secrets_F
Shane felt his head throb as he slammed his fists on the table. "Jordan Whittle, you better shut your mouth!"
"I don't want to."
Right now, Jordan was focused on dragging someone down with him. Otherwise, he could not bear the consequences of being a convicted industrial spy.
"The matter about the dolls isn't the only thing you've done. You would often look at people's horoscopes and birthdates, then try to fire anyone whose horoscope doesn't match yours.
"You would also ask the fortune teller which projects the company should invest in. You don't act like a CEO. You're just a superstitious man who has lost all rationality!" 
Jordan looked up and continued, "Ms. Quinnell, can you believe someone like him has actually managed our company?"
The use of the word "our" was slightly interesting.
But Wynter still had a lot of things to do today. She had also gotten the result she wanted out of the shareholders' meeting. 
However, there was still one more thing that she wanted to clarify. "If that's the case, did he also follow the fortune teller's words to pull that stunt in the company and the hotel?" 
Jordan's reply was quick. "He had even given his offerings. Ms. Quinnell, you must do something about him!
Wynter smiled. "I will. Other than Kaspar, who else has given him ideas?"
###chapter659
Chapter 659 Shane Is Done For Jordan immediately replied, "There's a fortune teller from Goldela. He lives in a chapel. I've never met him before, but he's the one who told Shane about the Foplyan companies..."
"Wynter Quinnell! What on Earth are you trying to do?"
Shane was so anxious that he used Wynter's full name. His daughter was destroying his way out of this mess! What on Earth did she have planned?
Wynter looked at him impassively.
"Mr. Whittle, we are in a conference room right now. Also, what company isn't the slightest bit superstitious? I just wanted our company to grow. Am I in the wrong for wanting that?" Shane's voice was gruff as he spoke.
He only dared to say so much because he hadn't participated in any of the contract signing. His signature wasn't on any of the contracts.
Shane had already made up his mind. He would admit he was superstitious and use that as a way out of this mess.
Jordan knew he couldn't win the argument, so he shouted angrily, "Ms. Quinnell, that's not what Mr. Quinnell said back then!"
Then what did I say? Do you have any proof? You've read too deeply into my words, causing our company to lose profits repeatedly. Now, you're trying to pin the blame on me?" Shane asked coldly after managing to get a hold of his emotions.
"That's right. I am partly responsible for allowing such a big problem to happen within our company. But what about your betrayal of the company?
900
"This is the Quinnell family's company. My family's reputation will be ruined because of your actions. Why would I allow you to do such a thing?"
switch sides.
Jordan's words didn't make much sense. The shareholders immediately began to switch However, Wynter looked up and said, "So is the part about the offerings true? Then, is it true that you decided to cooperate with the Foplyan companies because of a fortune teller?"
Shane was at a loss for words when he heard Wynter's question. He turned pale and bit his tongue.
Wynter looked around the room and said, 'Managing a business is not child's play. How can you make such a big decision for the Quinnell Group based on a fortune teller's words? Don't you think it's hilarious? What does everyone else think?"
Not only was it hilarious, it was completely ridiculous! Listening to a fortune teller wasn't the problem at hand. They also had their beliefs regarding that matter.
But how could Shane listen to whatever the fortune teller said? Was he the one managing the company." or was it the fortune teller? The entire industry would be shocked if this news got out.
Chapter 650 Shane is Done For
At that moment, Wynter said, "I don't think it's suitable for me to question Mr. Quinnell here.
"Alexis, why don't you ask around and find out if there are any other CEOs who act like this? I don't understand the industry well, so I want to make an effort to understand the recent trends."
She wanted to ask other companies? Wouldn't the Quinnell Group's reputation in Kingbourne be ruined? The shareholders could no longer sit still.
However, Shane immediately lost his temper. "How can you ask Alexis to do such a thing? Have you ever considered how that might affect the Quinnell Group?"
Wynter replied calmly. "Mr. Quinnell, I don't understand why you're saying that. I'm not the one who did such a En thing, you are the one who did it. 
"You are the one who has never considered how this might affect the company. Didn't you just say O
moments ago that you would never do anything to harm the Quinnell Group?" 
Wynter looked at him and said impassively. "It seems like you don't understand how to differentiate between pros and cons well. Your actions are harmful to the company.
"You had conceded to the Foplyan's agreement just to appease your superstitions regarding the doll."
Wynter stood and continued, "You broke the Quinnell Group's century-long rules.
You did all this because a fortune teller told you to do so.
"You should be seeking enlightenment if you're so superstitious. You shouldn't be managing a company."
Shane was rendered speechless. Wynter had managed to leave her mark right there in the conference room.
Almost everyone within the company came to know about the fatal mistakes that Shane had committed.
###chapter660
Chapter 660 Left Her Mark No other shareholder would support Shane's fight for the CEO seat unless there was something wrong with their brain.
Shane seemed defeated. All of his hard work to maintain his public image had gone down the drain, Just like that.
Back then, Fabian had never done anything extreme about Shane's behavior because he had never imagined his son would allow the Foplyans to use the Quinnell Group as a stepping stone to earn a large sum.
Fabian had held onto his dragon cane tightly and took some medication when he first received the news. Luckily, Wynter had reminded him to prioritize his health and not get too aggravated no matter what happened.
If not, he wouldn't know how far gone the Quinnell Group would be after a few months. How would he explain himself to his ancestors when he met them one day?
Just the thought of the Quinnell Group falling under the Foplyan companies' hands was enough for Fabian to wish he never had a son like Shane!
Luckily, his grandchildren had returned and were willing to stay with him. That realization allowed Fabian to relax a little.
As long as everybody worked hard, they would be able to correct the wrongdoings that have been made.
Fabian's butler had watched everything unfold. He was worried sick that Fabian would just collapse one day.
Seeing that Fabian managed to calm himself, the butler quickly poured him a glass of water and said, "Mr. Quinnell Senior, everything will get better with Wynter here. Don't worry about it too much."
"If it weren't for Wynter, I wouldn't have known of the true colors of some of the company's shareholders. Luckily, nothing big happened and Wynter got the police involved in time. Everything played out nicely."
Wynter didn't just make an example out of Jordan. Her actions had saved the Quinnell Group.
At first, everyone thought that they could manipulate Wynter. Who would have thought that Wynter would manage to defeat Shane instead?
Her calm demeanor throughout the meeting was like a warning to the shareholders that she did not have. time to play around.
She had already defeated the person they supported. What would happen to the rest of them was entirely up to her mood.
A large portion of the shareholders left the company with pale faces. The Quinnell Group's employees had also watched as Jordan got escorted away by the police.
The entire situation was a trending topic among the finance-related threads. The entire industry had fixed Chapter 660 Left Her Mark their eyes upon the Quinnell Group, but that wasn't necessarily a bad thing.
The Quinnell Group had managed to let everyone know that the grandchild the Quinnell family had brought back from the countryside was more capable than she led on.
The employees in the Quinnell Group had also discussed this topic at Com length. It was all because of the rumors they had heard. 
In truth, Wynter had successfully gotten rid of the biggest parasite in the Quinnell Group.
At least for the female employees, it meant that they didn't have to attend any drinking parties that they didn't want to attend. 
Everyone in big corporations knew women would always have to work harder than their male peers to fight for the same position. However, that was no longer the case in the Quinnell Group. 
Ever since Wynter had assumed her position as the company's CEO, the first thing she had announced after the shareholders meeting was for candidates to submit their resumes.
She needed a capable candidate to run one of the Quinnell Group's entertainment companies. The support the employees had given Wynter was beyond Shane's expectations.
###chapter661
Chapter 661 Exposing Shane
Chapter 661 Exposing Shane When Shane was still considering using their family ties to manipulate Wynter, Wynter looked at him and said, "Mr. Quinnell, since you're here to talk to me about family ties, I would also like to ask you a question.
*You were adamant on adopting Naomi even if it meant you had to give me up. But you didn't even hesitate to do so. Did you do it because of that fortune teller's advice?"
Shane's heart dropped as his hands clenched tightly into fists. Alexis was still standing beside Wynter.
Shane was someone who overthought a lot. When he heard Wynter's question, he realized that Fabian had learned the truth too. That was why Fabian had given Wynter all of the documents he had.
The whole shareholders meeting was just a trap Fabian had set for him. Shane had never considered Wynter as a threat.
Wynter smirked and called one of her managers to revoke all of Shane's positions in the company. Even the companies' major suppliers and distributors received the news.
That meant that Shane was no longer a representative of the Quinnell Group.
More importantly, Wynter had spread the news properly. She claimed that the cooperation with Foplyan companies and the sale of the wooden dolls had nothing to do with the Quinnell Group!
Alexis noticed how she had spread the news. When he met Wynter, he lowered his voice and asked, "Ms. Quinnell, do you think there's something off about that business?"
"They're selling offerings beside a chapel. There's nothing wrong with praying and worshipping God. However, the God you are praying to is equally important," Wynter said as she touched her lucky coin.
Alexis realized what was wrong. "Ms. Quinnell, you believe he crossed the line."
"We are in Cascadia. Yet, they treat the Foplyan doll as their God. What do you think of this, Alexis?"
Alexis' eyes widened immediately. Things were still manageable if nothing happened, but if something were to happen, the Quinnell Group would be done for.
Luckily, Wynter ended the dealings before the media found out what was happening. Otherwise, if things were left unbothered... Alexis didn't even dare to think what would've happened to the Quinnell Group.
Back then, Wynter couldn't understand why Fabian had suddenly passed away despite still being healthy.
Now, it seemed like Shane's action's had been exposed somewhere around this time. In Fabian's eyes, the company losing money was a big deal.
But helping the Foplyans and becoming a stepping stone for the Foplyans was such a big issue that Fabian couldn't handle the truth.
Wynter's eyes darkened. The fortune teller that lived in a chapel in Goldela....
It was about time she went to visit Goldela. She needed to see what the other party was trying to do by making all these clones of the wooden doll.
Chapter 661 Exposing Shane Also, Shane's fortune teller didn't deserve to be a fortune teller.
Wynter kept her lucky token and said, "Alexis, please help me make some arrangements. I would like to take a short trip to Goldeia with Wolf."
"Are you you only planning to take Wolf with you? What about a few bodyguards?" Alexis asked as he was concerned about her safety.
Wynter smiled softly. "Wolf would be enough. Also, I would have to trouble you to check if the Fentons and the Winstons are as Superstitious as Shane." 
Wynter did not forget the clues Leo had given her last time.
"Regarding the scions of the Fentons ant a list of m and Winstons, I want a list of everybody they interacted with before my family reunion banquet. 
Alexis did not understand what the list would be needed for. However, he decided to do as she asked and to get it done as so as possible.
That night had been the closest she had been with that man. Wynter m
began to question if she had changed anything. Was that why her family reunion banquet was different from her dream? 
When the two of them left the office, an anxious shadow rushed toward them.
It was Ryan. He was sweating profusely as he said, "Ms. Quinnell, something bad has happened to Mr.
Rowan."
###chapter662
Chapter 662 Saving Rowan
"Rowan?"
Wynter paused momentarily as she frowned. She had never dreamt of Rowan before. She didn't see him at the family reunion banquet either.
Fortune tellers could never predict their own futures. So, it was difficult for Wynter to read her family's fate and fortune.
However, the man with the special fate was an exception. She didn't even have to read him to know it. She could tell Ryan was anxious, so Wynter did not waste any time. "Ryan, we can speak as we walk."
Ryan was too anxious and didn't even think about how Wynter had greeted him. He said hurriedly," Something had happened to Rowan's set. An actress passed away.
"The actress had a small argument with Rowan before. I'm guessing the news isn't viral yet because Mr. Yarwood has arranged for his people to suppress the news
"But this is a situation of life and death. It'll be hard to suppress this matter for long. Not to mention, the crew Rowan is in is full of top-listers. Some of the paparazzi have photos of Rowan. They would definitely claim that they saw Rowan with that actress!"
Ryan was worried about Rowan. "Rowan has currently been called into questioning. Mr. Quinnell Senior doesn't know about this yet. I'm afraid-"
"Go and tell Grandpa about it. But do tell him that I'll be there."
Wynter was worried that someone would use this incident to achieve their goals. So, it was important for family members to know what was happening in each other's lives. At least if something happened, one wouldn't be entirely helpless.
"And another thing Alexis. I'll have to trouble you to find Sebastian and ask him to ensure Rowan is released. It's normal for people to be taken in for questioning when there's a homicide. I need to meet Rowan now to understand the situation," Wynter said logically.
"Alright." Alexis was very reliable in times like these.
The entire company's focus was on Wynter taking over the Quinnell Group, and nothing seemed to be different.
Wynter had left the company exactly like how she had arrived. When she got in the car, she looked like a mafia princess.
The homicide case was very sudden. The director was still pulling his hair in distress. "I never thought such a thing would happen.
Normally, our actors and actresses will not be able to return to their makeup room after finishing their scenes for the day."
The policeman's questions remained professional. "Did you notice anything weird about her behavior recently?"
"Weird? You'll have to ask her manager and assistant about that. Her assistant would probably know."
A director only cared about how an actor performed in front of a camera. As for the actors themselves....
Someone had already started questioning the assistant. The assistant was young-and had just started the job not long ago. In her opinion, her employer did not act unusual at all.
It would be impossible for such a famous actress to be involved in childish drama, like making an assistant kneel to help her with her shoes, and so on.
The case was too bizarre. How could there be nothing unusual happening before her death? Every death had clues left behind. But currently, the only clue they had was Rowan.
Rowan didn't seem like someone who would murder someone. After all, one would need a motive to kill was about. someone. That was why the police were curious to know what the fight
"A fight? When did they fight? R... He would never engage in a fight with her!" The director was confused.
Rowan was a talented actor who had received numerous awards om throughout his career. Why would he fight with her? 
"Could it be because of their positions in the entertainment m industry? After all, he isn't the male lead." 
The director's reaction was slightly extreme. "That's impossible! He om joined the set and took on the role of aside character as a favor. He doesn't care about such positions or ranks." 
"What about the relationship between the two?"
Chapter 660 Rowan and Wynter Meet Chapter 663 Rowan and Wynt
###chapter663
Chapter 663 Rowan and Wynter Meet
*Relationship?" The director was perplexed. "What relationship?"
The Investigators looked at each other and said, "From the information that we got, Mr. Quinnell and the deceased had relationship problems."
"The two of them? Impossible! The director waved his hand, denying it without any hesitation. "Rowan would never date anyone in the industry, let alone have any relationship problems with anyone. Where did you get this source from?"
The investigators did not reply. At the same time, they realized something. What the director said was completely different from what the assistant said.
Either the director was not familiar with the actors' relationships, or the assistant was lying.
Could that be possible? The assistant had just graduated and came from a clean background. She did not seem like she would lie. The investigators furrowed their brows.
Wynter arrived to see this situation, Sebastian was also there. However, since this case involved his family, he could not represent Rowan, which is why another family attorney was with him.
This was Wynter's first time meeting her second brother. Seeing him right in front of her felt surreal.
Compared to the other people who were being interrogated, Rowan was extremely calm. He answered what he was asked.
He sat there in a handsome suit and crisp white shirt, which enhanced his fair skin. He had a tall nose and beautiful eyes, but they seemed distant and aloof.
His looks worked to his advantage on the big screen. This was one of the reasons why he was born to be an actor. Just by picking a glass up to drink some water, he looked dashing.
However, Wynter could see the tiredness in his eyes. He was exhausted, but he just did not want to make things worse.
When Rowan saw Wynter, he was a little stunned. Then, he smiled gently. "Wynter."
He subconsciously reached out his hand, wanting to touch Wynter's head. When he raised his hand only did he realize his hands were still cuffed.
According to the original plan, he would have flown back two nights before if it were not for the terrible weather.
He had already shot all of his parts beforehand because he wanted to support his little sister during the banquet.
He never expected that his colleague would end up dead after that day. His fingerprints were all over the scene of the crime, so all of the evidence was pointing at him.
He had been interrogated over and over for almost six hours already. He did not find it hard to bear until he saw Wynter. At that moment, he finally felt a little emotional, Chapter 663 Rowan and Wynter Ment
"Why are you here? Who brought you here?"
Wynter pointed at Sebastian, but her gaze was on the other interrogation going on. If she was right; the other 
person was the staff that was working for the deceased. 
Young, but not afraid, she was dressed casually with a fanny pack around her waist.
Wynter had met celebrities'
assistants like her before. 
Their looks were indeed not very outstanding, but they could work like a mule without any complaints. They ve usually had a lot of things in their hands. 
The best way to understand the case was to ask those who were close to the deceased.
Chapter 664 Rowan Cant Leiv
###chapter664
Chapter 664 Rowan Can't Leave Celebrities' assistants were the ones who understood them the most, sometimes even more than their family.
Wynter was engrossed in her thoughts, not realizing what was going on around her.
Rowan furrowed his brows a little. "Sebastian, how could you bring Wynter to this sort of place?"
Sebastian shrugged. "Rowan, come on. Be reasonable. You're here, aren't you?"
Rowan sighed a little. His every move was mature and graceful. He looked at the investigators and asked politely, "May I go now?"
Rowan had a lot of fans, but the investigators still had to be professional. "You can't leave until your suspicions have been cleared."
This was what happened most of the time during a case. If there was no cold, hard evidence, Rowan could be bailed.
Wynter never thought that he could not even be bailed. This meant that the police had substantial evidence against Rowan, Sebastian understood this too. That was why he looked grim. The smile that he had when he first arrived vanished.
Rowan, on the contrary, was taking it well. Although he was feeling tired, he merely advised Wynter to head home. He did not want his little sister to worry about him. A girl shouldn't have been in this sort of place.
Rowan's only regret was that he was not in time to attend the family reunion banquet.
Luckily, Sebastian was there, and he had sent a video to the group chat, which was why Rowan could recognize Wynter.
The siblings barely had spoken to each other when it was the fourth round of interrogation. Wynter and Sebastian did not leave. They were in the lobby listening to the police:
"Mr. Sebastian, the higher-ups are taking this case very seriously. The victim and the suspect are not ordinary people. We will try our best to handle this case to avoid any repercussions, but the news won't be kept hidden for long."
There were already rumors budding on the internet. After all, there were so many people working on set, and a person died. Surely, someone would have leaked the news eventually Wynter looked at her phone. She knew that she could not wait any longer. Once the public started to get involved, some evidence might be taken away or hidden.
"Sebastian, you're an attorney. Go and get the case file. It's best if you can get all of their statements." Wynter acted quickly. "I'll head to the scene of the crime."
However, in doing so, she accidentally revealed her other identity. Sebastian was smart and immediately
caught on. He raised his eyebrow knowingly.
"Alright. I'll send it to you once I have it."
A normal person would not know that an attorney had the right to retrieve case files, let alone talk about going to the scene of the crime.
It seemed that Wynter was not only into design, but she also knew her way around criminal law.
happene Sebastian was suddenly much more relieved. Wynter and he had thought of the same thing. This incident had happened so suddenly, so there may not be enough manpower. 
The police and investigators had done their best, but they could not even find any clues. This meant that the case was a hard one to crack.
In the eyes of the law, the key to cracking the case came down to evidence, and Wynter understood that it was easiest to find key evidence at the scene of the crime.
The moment she got in her car, she made a call to a person whom she had not contacted in a very long time.
The person on the other end of the line was surprised when he received her call. His gave his eyes widened, and he gave his secretary a look. 
The person on the other end of the om line was a special person. The country's toughest cases would always end up in his hands, especially those old unsolved and weird cases. 
The longer a case went unsolved, the harder it was to find the culprit.
###chapter665
Chapter 665 Code Name 001 Returns Luckily, there was talent in the Special Unit. That specific talent was calling him on the phone at that moment.
Jasper Chevan was delighted. There were not many things that could make him that happy anymore. On top of that, he was a criminal investigation psychologist. He never liked to smile. His reaction at that moment surprised everyone around him.
When the call connected, Wynter immediately said, "Captain Chevan, I need to reinstate my identity. Please inform the others that code name 1 has returned."
"Sure! I'll inform everyone at once!" Jasper chuckled. "You've finally returned! Where are you right now? I'll get Ms. Hoeven to get you."
Wynter looked out of the window. "I've just exited Kingbourne, so I'm about an hour's drive away. You don't have to come and get me. I'm heading to the crime scene to have a look, I want to investigate this case."
"You're going to the scene of the crime?" Coincidentally, it was near Kingsbourne.
Jasper's first reaction was to look through the serial murder cases.
Wynter decided to be honest with him. "This case involves my family. I have to get to the bottom of this."
This was the first time Jasper had heard Wynter talk about family. Her file was highly confidential. Only certain people at a certain level could see her information. This was what Jasper agreed when he was trying to persuade her to join.
She rarely did things herself. After all, there was the Special Unit. Among them, she was the most obedient one.
Jasper has never treated her as a child even though she was one when he first met her. However, he knew that talent like hers only came along once a century.
Initially, many tried to look into her background, but a person at a level like Jasper's could block such things easily.
About those things that happened in Southdale, Jasper knew that he did not need to do anything and Wynter would solve it all on her own. If he were to do something about it, it would just expose the existence of the Special Unit.
That was why, whatever Wynter did, he would pay attention to it, but not too much. He was afraid that Wynter would get annoyed. After all, the young people valued their freedom a lot.
However, at that moment, Jasper furrowed his brows: "On principle, you should avoid it."
"Captain Chevan, don't worry. I'm only looking for evidence. If anything happens, I'll be careful, Winter sald while looking at the comments online.
There was a lot of gossip going on at that moment. For example, netizens were discussing how the atmosphere on the set was strange from the moment they started shooting.
The behind-the-scenes footage was usually filmed specifically for fans. Some even had a bit of plot in them. That was not Wynter's intention. She wanted to see the deceased's face through the video She already had all the information regarding the deceased. Tanya Hale, 29 years old. She started as a singer before becoming an actor.
Her entire career had been rather smooth sailing. She enjoyed huge fame and success.
Wynter paused. Tanya's face looked rather ordinary. In other words, all she relied on was her talent. From Tanya's face, Wynter could see her fate. Her fate was not that smooth. In fact, it was quite tough. 
The strange thing was that Tanya's life experience was not faked. It all Ο happened. If it was not Wynter misjudging Tanya's face, then Tanya must have done something to change her original fate! 
Wynter scrolled through the internet for earlier information. She wanted to O see Tanya's face in an earlier period. After all, if Tanya had surgery done on her face, Wynter's reading might not be accurate. 
After some time, Wynter finally found a photo.
###chapter666
Chapter 666 Gossip on the Internet
Suddenly, a trending post appeared out of nowhere.
“Here you all are, still laughing about it. City in the Sky won’t be released anymore. Guys, don’t you know what happened?”
“What happened? Is someone sleepwalking again?”
“It’s nothing this small.”
“Their rivals must have reported City in the Sky. They don’t want her movie to be released! How terrible!”
“No, it’s not that at all! Something huge has happened! I don’t know much about the details, but many people on set have been called for questioning. I'm really nervous,"
"What questioning? Explain in more detail."
"Nothing. Just be prepared. Someone is going down tonight."
Wynter knew that what the person said was true. The people on the internet thought the contrary since they could not get an answer out of it. It had to be fake. Of course, they cared about it, and they would. still talk about it.
The more they talked about it, the wilder their theories were. They were eager to see what breaking news would be announced that night.
Wynter looked at the person who posted it. She was sure that the person was a staff member on set.
Since Tanya died on set, the staff would surely know if something weird was going on. With that thought,
Wynter tapped into that person's profile picture
As expected, this was not the first time this person had gossiped. Ever since that person was on set, they would often post gossip online to gain some fame. But because their posts were always too vague, no one trusted them at all. Half a month ago, they changed their style. They left a post that no one understood,
"Guys, no one will believe me, but a famous actress actually sleepwalks. She scared the hell out of me."
The person did not even leave a name. Everyone knew that every single cast member on that set was famous, so some commented that the post must have been fake.
"What's scary about sleepwalking? OP is constantly posting inaccurate things
Two days later, they posted something else.
"The set after work is too eerie. How is she still sleepwalking? I'm dying in despair."
That post did not gain any traction at all until the third post appeared.
"What famous actress? She still has to pursue other men on her own. No one cares about her, but she still doesn't give up. To think that I used to like her work.
Some people on the internet advised that person to be a loyal fan.
Some even asked, "Which male celebrity would be so charming that she will have to pursue him?"
"I mean, isn't it obvious from the poster? A-lister Rowan is in the cast. Who else could it be?"
At the mention of Rowan's name, the post went viral. Everyone was trying to find clues. Wynter's gaze darkened.
Even if what that person posted was true, even if that actress wanted to pursue him or create a PR relationship with him, up until that point, there was no news about it.
On the contrary, Rowan was pushed right to the front of the line and used to gain traffic. No matter who the actress was, in the end, she would gain fame that she never had.
The only people who were doing such a thing and deliberately trying to blow up gossip were either the film crew or the celebrities' management.
From the way Wynter saw it, the latter was more likely to be behind it. Compared to this, Wynter was paying more attention to the other things written in the post. Someone was sleepwalking. It was so serious that they even sleepwalked to the set.
###chapter667
Chapter 667 Unspoken Rules of the Industry
Chapter 667 Unspoken Rules of the Industry Could it be Tanya? Could Tanya have something to do with sleepwalking?
Wynter was in her car scrolling on her phone. If this had something to do with Tanya, her assistant would surely know about it. All she needed to do was wait for Sebastian to get the case files and statements.
At that thought, she screenshotted the posts and sent them to Wolf. "Find out where this person who posted this is."
When Wolf received the message, his eyes brightened. He had a hotdog in his mouth.
Finding someone on the internet was a piece of cake for Wolf the hacker. In less than five minutes, he had sent all the details back to Wynter.
He added, "I'm coming along too."
Wynter saw the message. Sure enough, it was from the film crew. She was an extra on set and was called Lea Leydoux.
If it were not for Wolf, everyone would have thought that she was a man because her profile was all about kickboxing.
Film sets were either usually built from scratch or filmed in Follywood. Wynter was going to Follywood this time, which looked like a tourist attraction.
If there was a death on set, the news had to be kept a secret. If it got out, all of Follywood had to be closed.
Moreover, if it involved their crew, something more serious might happen.
Whether it was Follywood's management or the police, they did not think that all of Follywood had to be closed down. Hence, they only closed one of the old- looking streets. Filming continued in other areas.
When Wynter arrived at Follywood, Lea was reshotting something, She had to constantly soak herself in cold water and hold her breath.
At that moment, the weather was already freezing. One could only imagine how cold the water must be.
Once the director yelled cut, her scene was done. Just when Lea wanted to get a breather, a coquettish. lady's voice rang out.
"This won't work. She got up too fiercely. Her arms are twice my size! My fans will recognize it!"
The director looked at the pale Lea before looking at the famous actress once more. He tried to persuade the actress. "We have editing top. We can do edits after this."
"This won't work. I won't stand with this." The dainty actress lifted her hand and looked at her fingers. "I'm an actor. I am a professional How ironic. She was making life difficult for her body double. Yet, she said she was being professional Chapter 667 Unspoken Rules of the Industry
Wynter watched the scene unfold and focused her attention on Lea She wanted to see how Lea would. readt. But before Wynter could say anything, she had to go in the water once more. 
The actress smiled and expressed her concern. "Janice, go and get Lea some hot tea for her to drink once she finishes shooting."
At that moment, everyone on set knew that the actress was just trying to put on a kind act. After all, her fans on the internet believed her.
They would always say."Do you know how hard she's working? How dare you say that about her of her acting is N bad, she can slowly improve. I don't believe that anyone is great at acting right from birth." 
If someone disagreed, that would do it. All her fans would swarm that person and attack them.
However, this was the reality sometimes. One had to admit that they had to bear some unpleasant bearsome things in an era where clicks and traffic ruled the world. 
If one had really been offended and chosen not to act, the entire production would have been ruined.
A film was the hard work of many people. Everyone wanted their production to be well received, which was why no one would expose the truth.
###chapter668
Chapter 668 Not Worth the Pity Wynter held onto her purple sugilite pendant. Rowan's set would never have this situation.
"Cut!" The director looked at the actress.
The actress watched the playback. Once she was sure that there were no mistakes, she got the crew to warm up the water. She entered the water with her pristine makeup, totally ignoring her body double.
She even thought that her body double was poor and dirty. When they walked past, she even pinched her nose. It was utterly humiliating Even though Lea had a blanket around her, she was still freezing. The film crew had no time to fuss over her, so they got her to go back to her dressing room first. At least there was a heater there.
Lea returned to her dressing room and sat in front of her mirror, clutching her phone tightly. She was alone.
She lowered her extremely darkened gaze. She poured the tea away before throwing the cup into the bin.
From the way she reacted, she was clearly long sick of those fake actresses, but she was still trying to control herself.
After all, the actress was the one providing her job. Lea got up and was about to head back when a voice rang out.
"Why don't you expose her like you did in the past?"
Lea looked up to see a gorgeous girl. Her eyes were so animated they seemed to have a life of its own.
Lea initially thought that she was someone new on set. But with her face, the director would have noticed her. Some other female stars might not even want her around.
No matter who she was, Lea was not in the mood to deal with her. She picked her things up and was about to leave. "I don't understand what you're talking about."
Wynter blocked her path and raised her hand, showing Lea her own posts. "Didn't you post these?"
"I'm warning you! This is slander!" Lea's first reaction was to deny it vehemently, but the panic in her eyes. betrayed her. "I have no time to post this sort of nonsense."
Wynter raised an eyebrow. "Is that so? The police will be arriving soon. Do you want to tell me about it now or do you want to be taken to be interrogated? This would affect your job, right?"
"Didn't you see it? She was the one bullying me!" Lea was about to explode. "They are the ones who are monsters. Yet, you are picking on me!"
Wynter's tone was calm. "No one is picking on you.'
*Not picking on me? I've been working so hard, but I'm only a body double!" Lea sneered. "You all are great. Just because you have a pretty face, you get everything. True actors like us can only be extras."
Chapter 668 Not Worth the Pity
"So, this is where your resentment is coming from."
"Shouldn't I be resentful?" Lea Os chair.
slumped onto a chair. I wait for the police. It's not like they haven't come
to look for me before."
It was clear that she was not going to say anything more to Wynter If th was anyone else Lea might have had her Way. But unfortunately for her, she had to deal with Wynter. 
Wynter was a simple girl. She would reciprocate politeness, but she could be equally rude too. Thus, Wynter smiled.
She said slowly. "This is why you can only be an extra on set. I don't think you'll ever be a lead in your life."
"What did you say?"
Lea lost her temper and instinctively threw a punch at Wynter. However, Wynter blocked it. Her gaze.
darkened.
"You won't stand up to your bully, which is why you would rant om everything online. 
###chapter669
Chapter 669 Superstitious
"Defamation?" Lea snickered and said, "They don't need me to defame them. None of them are nice anyway.
Wynter lowered Lea's fist. "When the police were asking you questions before, you didn't tell the truth. Now that you've posted it online, what do you think will happen to you?"
Lea stiffened when she heard what Wynter said. Indignant tears fell as she hurriedly responded.
"I did nothing wrong. I was just ranting online. I'm a true actor! I'm the one who does all the dangerous scenes, but they get all the glory!"
Wynter looked at her and said with a clear mind, "You accepted the pay. You agreed to be a body double. Those dangerous stunts are usually quite well-paid. You're just doing what you're being paid to do. What you're doing now is backstabbing your bosses.
"As for credit, it does not all belong to you. Some people like to watch action, some people like to look at pretty faces."
Wynter herself paid attention to good looks. "Those female celebrities are always dieting and trying to avold aging. They have to bear being called names and talked about.
"While you can eat a hamburger whenever you want, they have to consider many variables before thinking of doing the same."
Wynter raised an eyebrow. "Being a body double is a tough job. If any celebrities don't respect you, you can hate them. But the fact is you resent everyone. You even think that the credit for an entire film belongs to you. That is where you're wrong."
Lea's eyes widened when she heard what Wynter said. She had never met a girl who never took her side and pitied her after hearing her story. What was going on with her?
Lea knew she could no longer try to bluff her way through this time:"What do you want to know!"
Wynter tapped on her phone screen. "All about the gossip you posted and those that you haven't posted yet.
"You're here because of the murder case at the next-door set!" Lea suddenly put two and two together.
She was a little afraid. "I can tell you, but you have to vouch for me."
Wynter looked calm. "As long you tell the truth, I'm not interested in who you are as a person. The police won't be interested in your affairs here, nor are they willing to get involved."
"Okay!" Lea looked at the door. When she made sure no one was entering, she said, "The sleepwalking is real. I've seen it myself. Like I said, the good-looking ones are never nice, no matter their gender."
Lea continued in a hushed tone, "Rowan and Tanya are the same. Did you see the actress today? Tanya is the same. Of course, she hid it much better than others, It was harder for others to find out.
"For example, if she were to mess with me, she wouldn't do it like how this person did today. She would ask me to do everything, just so she could be on two different films at the same time. If the shoot went bad, she would blame it all on me."
Wynter was not there to listen to gossip. She interjected, "Who is the one sleepwalking and what did she do when she was sleepwalking?"
"Who else? Tanya Hale." When Lea was recounting this, she felt chills, run down her back. "You don't know how NOV creepy it is. Work had already ended, but she was still lingering around on set. 
"When she's in her dressing room, she would sometimes talk to herself about how she could get Rowan to like her."
Lea sounded condescending. "See, this is what a famous actress talks about. Her fans Her fans stil hink that she's
О
clean and pure, but she was completely smitten when she saw Rowan." 
Wynter listened quietly. "What else?"
"Other than that..." Lea suddenly e
sounded a little serious. “I think m Tanya's a little superstitious." 
###chapter670
I Chapter 670 Get Her to Leave
"Why would you think so?" Wynter was not willing to give up.
Lea said, unfazed, "It's not just her. A lot of them in this industry are superstitious as well. Tanya's just obvious about it. She even cares about which day to start shooting and the direction in which she should warm up.
"She even went abroad to get a protective charm. I've heard of this before, but I've never seen it with my eyes."
A foreign protective charm? Wynter instinctively gripped her lucky coin, and her gaze darkened.
"Your posts mentioned that she sleepwalked many times."
"I've seen her sleepwalking at least five times," Lea said. "But I guess I'm the only one who saw it.
"At that time, I was secretly sleeping there. When I saw her sleepwalking, I no longer dared to sleep there. I was afraid if anything were to happen to her, the film crew would come after me."
Wynter raised an eyebrow. "If her sleepwalking's that serious, why hasn't her management said anything?
And what about her assistant?"
"Maybe they didn't realize it. I don't know." Lea's gaze shifted noticeably when she said that.
Wynter then asked. "You said that Rowan has issues too. Can you elaborate on them?"
"He isn't like what the outsiders say he is. He doesn't care for newcomers." Lea clenched her fists as she spoke. "He has never once interfered with what happened to me."
Wynter was playing a matchbox while she listened to Lea. "So, you directed your attention to him online."
"I didn't. I was telling the truth. Tanya was indeed harassing him." Lea denied any wrongdoing.
Wynter looked at Lea and suddenly took a step forward. "You have an interesting face."
"I know I don't look good, but I'm planning to get surgery. You don't have to be so mean," Lea said. She then added, "Do you have any other questions? If not, I'm going home! I need to take my meds!"
Wynter dismissed her with a wave, and Lea picked her things up and left. She was in a hurry, and she stumbled a little.
At that moment, Wynter looked to her side. It was Wolf, who had been there for a while. He stood straight with a sparkle in his eyes.
"You're here?" Wynter's gaze was darkened. "Wolf, what do you think of that person?"
Wolf gestured to her, indicating that he wanted to eat.
Chaos wanted to eat something. It seemed like she was right-there was indeed something off with the seemingly ordinary Lea The strange thing was that Wynter did not sense any murderous aura on Lea, just an indescribable Chapter 670 Get Her to Leave creepiness.
Wynter only had one theory, which was that Lea had only recently been exposed to this, which was why it had not truly affected her yet.
Wynter mused about how Lea had deliberately dragged Rowan's name through the mud and about Tanya's En superstition. 
Wynter said, "Wolf, follow her, but don't alarm her."
Wolf nodded seriously. He was the best at hunting. If the other party was not going to behave, upon his boss's command, he would devour them in one bite!
He was famished, so he was going to keep a good watch on his food. Ih was best if he could have a little butter to go with it! Wolf left in delight. 
Wynter smiled. She then immediately went to look for Tanya's manager. After all, the manager was also in Follywood.
She had been to the scene of the crime and found that it was indeed clean. In fact, it was way too clean. There was not even an unborn soul. Wynter did not stay long.
Tanya's manager was arrogant. "I'm not going to see her. Get her to leave! her-Get I'm busy right now. I don't have time to deal with these people." 
###chapter671
Chapter 671 Wynter's Hit Back
"Rachel, the person said she found a protective charm and wanted you to see if you recognized it," someone reported to Rachel in a suppressed tone.
Rachel looked grim. "Let her in."
Of course, Wynter had no protective charm. It was just an excuse.
Rachel Cooper was a domineering manager. When she saw Wynter, her eyes brightened immediately.
"My, Kelly, why didn't you say that it was a pretty lady looking for me?"
Then, Rachel stood up and sized Wynter up. The more she looked at Wynter, the more satisfied she was.
Compared to Tanya, whom she had spent so much effort trying to market, Wynter was so much easier to sell. If Rachel could get such a person to sign for her, she would surely make her famous.
"Hello. With such good looks, it's such a pity you're not an actor." Rachel immediately took out her business card.
"Our company has vast experience in producing stars, including operation and marketing. We can build you up, and if you follow me, I guarantee you'll be a lead within a year!"
Wynter listened to her strange accent. She cut straight to the chase. "Your artist is dead. Yet you don't seem sad at all."
Instantly, Rachel's tone turned icy. "You really don't know how to watch your words. Aren't you here to return something? Hand it over, then go and get some cash. Don't ask things you're not supposed to ask."
Then, she waved her hands and muttered, "The paparazzi are sure nosy nowadays."
Clearly, she had mistaken Wynter's identity.
"Get security to escort her out." Rachel did not want to listen to anything that had to do with Tanya at that moment.
There were so many brands that she had to renegotiate for the next year. What was she going to do with. all the projects that Tanya had in line? They could not possibly afford the compensation she'd hate to pay.
The only thing Rachel thought of doing was to use Rowan to hype everything up while this matter still had traction.
Tanya's death had obviously affected her. She was upset about it too. After all, Tanya had been with her for a long time, but she had not been in a great state recently. Rachel even regretted all the giving in and indulging in her in the past.
Just when Rachel was about to get security in, Wynter suddenly said, "Starlight Media.
Rachel shuddered a little, She turned around with furrowed brows.
Wynter continued nonchalantly, "Your biggest source of funding recently came from Starlight Media apter 671 Wynter Hit Back
"So?" Rachel was now sure that Wynter was not there with good intentions, seeing how she had looked into them.
Wynter looked at her and said calmly, "That company now belongs to me. Are you planning to wait for me to cut off your funding before you come to beg me and talk to me, or do you want to talk about it now?"
"Impossible! Know your limits when you're bluffing, girl. We have always been in contact with Mr. Whittle from Starlight Media. We even had tea together two days ago. How could you..." Rachel said with pursed 
lips.
Wynter opened her phone and showed Rachael the news of her taking over. "You can have a look at your email."
Rachel had not had any time to deal with anything else since Tanya's death. When she opened her email, her she realized that they indeed had a change of hands. 
Wynter's name was written in bold, and there was a photo of her attached.
Rachel's attitude immediately changed. She was so flustered she did not know what to do. “Uh.... Mr. Whittle had always been in charge, he-" 
"I've gotten him sent to prison."
###chapter672
Chapter 672 I'm Your New Boss Wynter had said it so nonchalantly, but Rachel's face paled. She said with a tremble, "Y-You... g- got him..."
"Yes." Wynter raised an eyebrow. "Which is why you better talk about Tanya's protective charm and her behavior. Unless you want to go to jail.”
Rachel immediately cooperated. "I'll speak! Ms. Quinell, I'll tell you whatever you want to know! Her death really has nothing to do with the company!"
"I don't know why she died so suddenly." Rachel was telling the truth. "As for the protective charm, it has never left her side. When she asked to get that, I ed."
Rachel deliberately tried to avoid bringing others into this. "The police already questioned me, but there were some weird things I couldn't really say. I was afraid that they would think I was responsible."
"Such as? What do you think they would think that you're responsible for?" Wynter's gaze was calm, but her tongue was sharp.
Rachel could no longer hide it. She realized that she was in no place to try to get out of it. Thus, she said through gritted teeth, "I was indeed the one to suggest this in the first place."
"To get a protective charm." Wynter had hit the nail on the head.
Rachel no longer lied. "Yes. You don't know how ordinary Tanya looked when she started with me. All the traction online she got was purchased, but her career just didn't take off.
"The film industry moves at a rapid rate. She isn't young anymore. How could she compare with all those new entrants?
"If she was like the other actresses who were in the same genre as her and could get famous through their acting, there wouldn't have been a problem. But this just wasn't the case. Whatever she filmed just didn't gain any traction.
"I thought that she just had bad luck. Where I'm from, we pay attention to these things," Rachel said, "So, I suggested to get a protective charm."
Rachel felt a little annoyed at this point. She lit a cigarette and took a puff.
"I was just looking out for her. I've also told her before that if it doesn't work out, she could play supporting characters instead. That's not bad too, but she just couldn't picture herself playing mothers.
"The charm initially did nothing, but she got obsessed. She heard that the protective charm from the southeast was especially effective, so she took a trip abroad without informing me.
"When she returned, she no longer cared so much about the protective charm. She even did something to her face..
"Her next low-budget project was a hit. No one knew that she had been jobless for almost half a year. They all thought that she had been training hard.
"After this success, she became even more obsessed. She would not even listen to me. 1 mean, I get it Chapter 672 Im Your New Boss
She became famous and was the company's top celebrity. She could afford to ignore whatever I said to her."
Recalling that period, Rachel's eyes reddened. “She made things so difficult for me. She made me stand outside in the cold in the middle of winter, carrying a bowl of grapes. She said I could only leave when the grapes thoroughly froze over. 
"Only then she would be willing to work. If not, she would just swap me for another manager at any time. O Later, she got bored. Seeing how I was no longer a challenge to her, she just kept me around for laughs. 
"After all, if she had to change managers again, she had to pretend to be a good person all over again.
Rachel exhaled heavily, letting out a puff of smoke. "I salute her a lot, For the past three or four years, she had algood persona in public, but I just don't know what happened recently. She would constantly lose. 
her temper.
"Recently? How long ago was this?" Wynter asked.
Rachel thought for a minute and said, "About three months ago or so. But over the past few days, her behavior was extremely out of the ordinary. She kept saying her hair was really annoying."
###chapter673
Chapter 673 Framing Rowan
"Her hair was annoying?"
Rachel nodded. "Yes. She loved to throw tantrums. Every day, she insisted on cutting her hair. Even her stylist didn't know what to do."
"What exactly did she say?" Wynter raised an eyebrow.
Rachel replied, "She said that her hair had been growing too much every day and that it was really annoying."
"Her hair was growing fast?" Wynter's gaze darkened.
Rachel said, "Yes, it seems so. But once she entered this set, it stopped."
"It stopped?" Wynter echoed, trying to connect the dots.
Rachel said, "Yes. Everyone in the company said that it perhaps had something to do with Rowan.
"Tanya used to like his films. So when she got the chance to work with him and even play a couple, she probably got much happier.
"Her temper was much better as well. She wouldn't dare to bring all those superstitious items with her anymore as she was afraid that Rowan would find out about it."
Wynter's mind was much clearer when she heard that. Tanya did not get better when she entered the set. It was after she met Rowan.
No matter who it was, their target from the beginning was Rowan.
wan was now premeditated.
the suspect, and all evidence pointed to him. This was not a coincidence This was
"With her superstitions, she should not have only gotten a protective charm." Wynter looked at Rachel.
What else did she get?"
Rachael seemed to be in a daze.
Wynter held her lucky coin. "Don't say that you don't know."
"Everything that she could get," Rachel said through gritted teeth. "Every time she gets something, she would have to get something else more powerful..
"I don't understand, but this was what Tanya told me. She said that the protective charm was useless.
She had to get a shrine."
Rachel looked at Wynter. "I'm really afraid sometimes. For a long time, I thought she had completely changed. Do you understand how I feel? Sometimes she's her, other times she's not."
Of course, Wynter understood. She was in this line, but sometimes she would try to find a reason. "Do you mean like a split personality?"
Chapter 673 Framing Rowan
"The psychologist we hired said so," Rachel said a little hesitantly. "I don't think it's really that, but she has really been sleepwalking. She scared away many assistants."
Upon hearing that, Wynter asked, "Were you the one behind creating the rumored affair between Rowan and Tanya?"
"It's only rumors. It's common in the industry." Rachel did not think that she had done anything wrong.
Wynter retorted, "Since it's only rumors, why did the assistant say that it was true?"
*This was how Tanya acted." Rachel flicked her cigar. "I really have to give it to her. I only thought of starting a rumor for her and taking one or two photos on set. I never thought that she would make everyone around her think that they were really together. She told a lot of lies." 
Wynter put down her phone. "You didn't stop her at all."
"Rowan had warned her before to not cross the line. Rachel smiled. "She even cried the other day. She said that she was having her period. She wanted to rest for a day. 
"The director is just a dense, insensitive man. He didn't know what she was doing, but the other ladies thought that she and Rowan fought."
Wynter said lightly, "So, you allowed her to do this."
"There is nothing to allow or prohibit."
Rachel said truthfully, "I'm her manager. From a marketing o m ve perspective, she should have a PR relationship with Rowan. I'm sure you know that Rowan's fame stretches all around the country." 
###chapter674
Chapter 674 Target Lock
"You mean to say that he deserves to be exploited just because he is famous," Wynter said slowly.
The iciness of her voice made Rachel stutter. 1- I... That's not what I meant. I'm sure you know how entertainment companies are. We always have to come up with something."
Wynter's gaze darkened a little more. Tanya had approached Rowan with ulterior motives, so her management could spark rumors.
Lea seemed like she wanted attention, but what happened in the end was that Rowan was being discussed the most.
No matter what happened, Rowan was the most famous. He could be the scapegoat to be blamed, or used by leeching off his fame. He was the best choice.
No wonder Wynter could not sense the resentment. It was their ulterior intent that created all these.
you half a With that thought in mind, Wynter looked at Rachel with an extremely darkened gaze. "I'll give day to clarify the rumors. Tell the public the truth. Rowan doesn't know her at all. They were just working on the same film set. Publish all of your tactics online."
Rachel reacted dramatically. "No! This won't do!"
"You can choose not to announce it to the public, just like how I can choose to give you funding or choose to destroy you." Wynter's tone was calm.
She was so calm that Rachel shuddered. She did not know why the new CEO was not helping her company's own artists.
"Have you fallen for Rowan?" This was the only reason Rachel could come up with. After all, it was a rumor in the industry.
A wealthy heiress had always been obsessed with Rowan. Whatever project he was in, she would invest in them. Could Wynter be that heiress?
"What absurd question is this?" Wynter did not explicitly clarify her relationship with Rowan. "Just do what you're told."
Then, she took the photo and placed it in Tanya's room. "Also, get the company to tell that assistant to come clean and tell the truth. She is so sure that Tanya and Rowan are a couple. This is being used as evidence."
"Don't worry. I will do it." Rachel had enough. She only wanted to solve this matter as soon as possible.
Upon seeing that Wynter was about to touch Tanya's shrine, Rachel said, "Be careful. That thing's cursed."
At the same time, Wynter had already lifted the red cloth up. There was nothing underneath it.
Rachel was surprised. "Why is it missing?"
"What is missing?" Wynter was looking at the shrine table in detail.
Chaple: 674 Target Lock
22
Rachel shook her head. "I don't know either. No one has seen it before. Maybe the investigators took it away. She got this from a chapel. I'm guessing it should be a statue of some sort."
"It's a statue. You've said it was a statue since the beginning." Wynter asked, "You really have not seen it?"
Rachel smiled bitterly. "I really haven't. She doesn't let anyone touch it. She sleeps here. Who would dare enter?"
Afraid that Wynter would not believe her, Rachel added, "It's even unsettling when she's sleepwalking. No one would dare to accompany her. Even her assistant would not stay under the same roof. 
"The assistant being interrogated is a new one. She doesn't know that Tanya has a habit of sleepwalking."
"It is indeed quite unsettling." Wynter looked at the shrine. She suddenly lifted her hand and picked up something from the table. 
Rachel was confused. "What is this?"
"Hair." Wynter held the strand of hair between her fingers. "This doesn't belong to Tanya. Her hair isn't that long or that black." 
Then, realization struck. "As expected, someone was lying
###chapter675
Chapter 675 Wynter's Other Armor
"Lying? Who?" Rachel asked.
Wynter put the strand of hair away safely. "Just do the things you've been told to do. Perhaps you could still keep your job. Don't touch Rowan in the future. I'll talk to him about his contract."
"You could get Rowan to sign with us?" Rachel's eyes sparkled like never before. "He has never signed with any company all these years. He always works alone."
"Just wait for my update." Wynter said calmly, "Also, change this bad habit of yours.
"I'll let you go this time because you have never once sent anybody to Jordan Whittle. You only gave him money. The rest is all up to your performance. But remember, don't exploit anyone for fame anymore."
Others might not have understood what Wynter meant, but Rachel knew all too well. To outsiders, she was always a clean businesswoman. Yes, she did not cherish her artists that much.
She always tried to find ways to get them out of the industry, exploit other people for fame, or gain attention through scandals and embarrassment.
One thing she always did was downing half a bottle of liquor every time she was at Jordan's social events. That was because she did not want her artists to be ravaged.
Of course, some did it willingly, but Rachel could never allow herself to let Jordan abuse her artists.
The entire industry relied on connections and bootlicking. That was why good things were rare, and those who stood firm on their boundaries got lesser and lesser.
Rachel did not mind if someone was vying for her money or did superstitious things. She did not even mind doing legally gray things. But she truly did, not want to destroy a young artist by getting them to sleep with others.
Rachel initially thought that no one would understand this about her. After all, she never had a good reputation. In fact, the things that she did seemed evil from the perspective of an ordinary person.
She really had too many artists under her. Whether from a business point of view or a personal perspective, she did not hope that they would end up being forgotten. After all, being ignored was worse than being yelled at.
Rachel looked around the familiar room. Tanya must have already forgotten that she really wanted to make her famous, not through superstitions, but through her own capabilities.
It was too bad that they could never return to the past.
Rachel lowered her head and chuckled. She never expected that in her 50s, because of something a young lady said, she had the renewed urge to become the best manager.
If she could really sign Rowan to their company, she was going to try it!
Wynter left. She initially only thought of protecting Rowan. Besides, she had seen Rachel's resume before. She was not that evil of a person. Wynter never expected that she could get Rachel wholly on her side.
Chapter 675 Wynter's Other Armor
22
The moment she got on her scooter, a call came from Ryan Llyod.
"M- Ms. Quinnell! They said they found key evidence! They are going to convict Mr. Rowan. What should we do?" It sounded very chaotic on Ryan's end.
Wynter's gaze darkened. "This isn't logical. Without a trial, no one can convict Rowan. Are the police
going to release the results of the

investigation?" 
"
"Crime specialist? Who is it?"
"Someone called Michael Ch-Chen-no..."
Wynter's tone was calm. "Michael Chenoweth."
"Yes." Ryan asked, "You know him?"
Wynter responded, "Hmm. If he's near you, could you pass the phone to him? 
Chapter 670 Afraid of Wynter
###chapter676
Chapter 676 Afraid of Wynter
"Hello, Mr. Chenoweth. Our lady would like to have a word with you," Ryan said politely outside the interrogation rooms.
Michael was an arrogant man. He held onto the case files and said, "I don't know your lady. We have nothing to talk about."
No matter how great the Quinnell family was, they would be treated like ordinary folk here. How dare they try to pull strings?
Just when Michael was about to walk past Ryan, Ryan said something smart. "Our lady knows you. Why don't you hear her out first?"
Michael thought nothing of that. But since Ryan had already said what he said, he accepted the phone.
However, the moment he put the phone to his ear, he regretted it utterly!
"Have I been away for too long, or have you become bad at what you do?"
The lazy voice on the other end of the line was extremely familiar! It was almost a nightmare for Michael!
His first record he held for many years was broken by an outsider. That person rarely made any appearances too. The only difference from the past was that the person seemed all grown up.
Michael looked alarmed. "Y-You're... You're...."
"I'm the one who never lets you win when you analyze case files," Wynter said aloofly.
Michael seemed infuriated. "What are you trying to do? This case is mine!"
"On principle, your entire department belongs to me." It was quite windy over on Wynter's end.
Michael did not dare to rebuke her. He grabbed his hair in frustration. "Aren't you retired?"
"I'm telling you right now that I've returned." Wynter put on her helmet. "Furthermore, I'm here to remind you that the person you deem a criminal is my brother."
Michael groaned. "Since when did you become the heiress to the Quinnell family? Are you doing this on purpose just to crack the case?"
"Calm down, Michael. I'm much more mature than before. The first thing I want to tell you is," Wynter paused before continuing, "I want to remind you that this case might not even be a murder case.
"You're so quick to pin someone for murder. Have you thought about the consequences?"
Michael was a little stunned. "Not murder? Are you trying to say that this was suicide? How is this possible? There was clearly-
At that moment, he paused/suddenly. Rowan's prints were indeed at the scene of the crime, but he had no motive.
If that was the case, even if there were fingerprints, Michael could not be a hundred percent sure that Chapter 676 Afraid of Wynter Rowan was the murderer. Suicide, however... Michael had never thought about this.
From that creepy atmosphere and the evidence found at the scene of the crime, it could not possibly be suicide. Moreover, the victim showed no signs of distress before death. 
Her work was going smoothly. Her assistant even said that she was planning what to wear the next day and told her assistant to prepare everything.
How could someone in such a state kill themselves? Michael's mind was buzzing If it was not 001 who told him about this, he would surely have laughed at them. But this was coming from 001!
"Do you have any leads?" Michael asked anxiously. "If you have any leads, bring them here! We can analyze them together!” 
Wynter chuckled. "
A witness? "Who is it?" Michael had never heard of a witness!
###chapter677
Chapter 677 Ms. Quinnell Is Amazing
"You find out about it once I take her over. Just wait and see. Then, she hung up.
Michael could not believe his ears. He turned to look at Ryan. "Your Ms. Quinnell is 001! Why are you still so worried about Mr. Rowan?"
001? What 001? Ryan was from the business world, so he knew nothing about the crime-solving world.
The name 001 came about because Wynter repeatedly solved unsolved cases. Plus, some supernatural cases needed her. She was the one who founded the Special Unit, which was why she was named 001.
This was to say that no matter the case, as long as she wanted to solve it, she would be able to really quickly.
Michael was still thinking how he was going to face 001 when Ryan accepted his phone back, looking baffled. One thing was true-this arrogant crime specialist who listened to no one would actually listen to Wynter!
This crime specialist was a genius who was unapproachable and could not be bought with any amount of money.
Ryan looked at his phone in his hand, suddenly having an odd feeling.
Could it be that all of Wynter's identities were much greater than her identity as the heiress? Perhaps it was j just that she had never once brought it up.
All was alright on this side. The case was not publicized. They determined it to be still in the deposition phase.
Over in a rented apartment in Follywood...
Everyone who worked in film knew that the lodging near Follywood was not that great. It was a huge contrast from those seen on the big screen. It was more like an inn than an apartment.
Wynter showed the receptionist the work pass she got from Rachel.
"How long are you staying?" The receptionist seemed a little tired. When he saw Wynter, he instantly perked up. "A- Are you.... an extra? A body double?"
She did not seem like it, he mused to himself.
Wynter flashed him an innocent smile. "I work on sets. I'm looking for someone."
"Oh, I see. Actresses are on the second floor. Male actors are on the third floor. Go and have a look." The receptionist was about to get up to lead the way.
Wynter smiled. "I'm familjar. I'm going to room 204."
"Okay. Let me know if you need anything, the receptionist replied happily. "Many guests have said that Chapter 677 Ms Quinnell Is Amazing things are going on in her room at night. I wanted to have a look as well, but it's fine. You go ahead first."
The receptionist's casual remarks had unwittingly revealed a lot of information.
When Wynter walked over to the room, she could hear noises coming from inside. She raised an eyebrow and knocked on the door.
The person inside thought that she was the receptionist, so she rudely yelled out, "Wait a minute!"
When the door opened, the person standing in front of her was nonen other than Lea Leydoux? She had just blown dried her long hair. She was furrowing her brows at Wynter. 
"Why are you here again?" Lea subconsciously moved a little while looking at Wynter. "Work is tough enough for me. I finally have some downtime, but you're here again. What is it now? What else did I not say clearly enough?" 
Wynter looked at her casually. "You explained it well. I'm here to return something to you. You dropped something."
"I don't have anything important. You can keep it." Lea wanted to close the door.
"I'm going to bed. We can talk later."
Wynter immediately stuck her foot in between the door. Then, she blew a whistle.
Wolf immediately appeared. A few pieces of leaves were still stuck on his head. He was looking right behind a Lea: He reached out and patted his stomach. He looked delighted. 
Lea, on the contrary, looked aghast!
###chapter678
Chapter 678 Change of Fate
"What do you mean by this!" Lea looked at Wynter angrily. Although she did not know what was going on with that child, she could sense danger. It was one she had never felt before.
Wynter lowered her gaze. "Didn't I say I wanted to return something to you?" Then, she held up a clear bag that had a strand of hair. "You left this there. Have you forgotten?"
When Lea saw what was in Wynter's hand, she was visibly flummoxed. "It's just a strand of hair. Do you think it's mine?"
"You don't have to admit to anything. We can run tests." Wynter raised an eyebrow. "The thing that you stole. Have you used it already?"
Lea looked shifty. "What thing? You're being really weird! Who the hell are you questioning me-
Clang! Wynter kicked the door open and looked at Lea arrogantly. Wolf closed the door in one swift movement.
The receptionist initially wanted to come over to check on them, but he felt that nothing inappropriate was going on.
There was a smell of rust in the air inside the room. Wynter looked around. "Wolf, go and look for it."
Lea went berserk and tried to stop him.
Wynter flicked a silver needle at Lea and said calmly, "Looks like you've already used it. How is the effect? Do you feel a change of fate? Have you gotten famous?"
Lea's eyes widened. She was sure there was no one there back then! This was why she was bold enough to deny it all the way!
"I'm going to say it once more. I don't know what the hell are you talking about. So many people held a grudge against Tanya. Why do you keep harassing me?"
Lea glared at Wynter viciously since she could not move. "I've said it already, I'm just trying to earn a living!"
Wynter held her lucky coin up. "I'm not one who usually sees the worst in people, but your definition of earning a living means that anyone who did not help you is an evil person.
"There are indeed a lot of people who had grudges against Tanya, but you're the only one who hated Rowan. Now that Tanya has died mysteriously and Rowan has become a suspect, once the police
publicize this case, it would be hard for Rowan to return to acting. 
"After all, it is hard to shed off a rumor. Moreover, the evidence was all pointing to him. This meant that his career was over. Only you would like to see this ending." 
Lea was in a daze after hearing what Wynter said.
Wynter looked at her. "When you talked about him, you were resentful, although you controlled it well. In other people's view, Rowan is not in wrong, but due to your requests- 
Chapter 679 Karamuni
###chapter679
Chapter 679 Karamimi Swoosh! A matchstick flew past Lea's ears and landed right behind her.
Suddenly, her long hair was on fire, and she stopped talking.
Wynter scratched her ears. "I'm sorry. I really couldn't take it any longer. You sure know how to blackmail someone emotionally and complain.
"Just because he didn't help you, you hate him and made him the brunt of gossip? Please! Who on earth is obligated to help you? Do you think that everyone is your parents?
"Rowan is famous indeed, and his looks definitely helped him. But if he had no chope think all his films would be hits? You've underestimated the audience's taste.
for acting, do you
"As for your looks. If you were the lead, you'd be happily acting, but have you ever considered the audience watching you?
"The actor is in service of the script. Beautiful ladies will play beautiful ladies' parts, those without looks have their own parts.
"You don't look that great, but you insist on playing the most beautiful lady. You gain ten pounds on camera, everyone knows that.
"You're in this industry. It's okay if you don't manage your body, but don't play historically beautiful women roles.
"Those that truly love acting will make sure that they suit the role. Other than being jealous and loathing others, have you made any changes to yourself?"
Wynter snickered. "You will never change, because even up till now, you're still blaming others for not helping you. If really no one helped you, do you think you could leave the film set so easily just now?
"She would have still made you soak in cold water. After all, she's not in a rush. You've never thought that perhaps others are already helping you.
"In your view, those who don't choose you to be the lead are your enemies. How comical."
"Comical?" Lea's eyes reddened. "I've been working so hard, but you still laugh at me! I shouldn't be talking to you so politely!"
Swoosh! Her hair suddenly stood up!
"I should have taught you a lesson a long time ago so you wouldn't have said so much nonsense!"
When Lea raised her hand, the entire room fell into darkness.
Wynter looked behind Lea and suddenly chuckled. "As expected, it's you, Karamimi."
The best way to infuriate an evil spirit who thought of itself as a god was to call it Karamimi.
"You're really seeking death!" Lea's voice was interposed with another. Chapter 670 Karamimi.
Black fog spewed forth, gathering around Wynter's ankle. The smell of rust was even more intense. after layer of fog filled the room. There were runes written on the fog.
Layer Wynter understood that the evil spirit was not coming after her. It was going after Wolf. Her gaze darkened, and she smiled icily.
"It looks like the person who recast you must be a saint. You've taken it for granted, thinking that you could do anything."
Bam! Wynter did not give Lea the chance to recite any incantations. She kicked her right to the ground without even reciting the nine-character mantra. 
Wynter lit her lighter and set Lea's hair on fire. Lea was baffled, and the dark figure behind her shrieked.
At this moment, Wolf jumped out with a wooden doll in his mouth. Wolf gestured animatedly, saying that it was not tasty at all. It just tasted like wood! 
Wynter smiled. "Go on. Recite that nonsense incantation of yours. Let me hear from which chapel this is."
The wooden doll wanted to leave and stopped reciting. It felt strongly im danger. 
Chapter 660 Come Back to Life
###chapter680
Chapter 680 Come Back to Life The wooden doll would never forget its time at Frenda Concession. It nearly could not come back to life.
Back then, it was like a rat in the sewers. No one had it on a shrine. It was shrouded in darkness. It only relied on some hair, sticking to other items, and waiting to be picked up.
Everything that happened back then made it resentful! It initially thought that the land that it was on would one day belong to Foplya, which was why it waited patiently.
It did not expect that soon after Foplya would surrender. It was already unhappy that it had to rely on a lowly bunch of people to feed it.
If it were not for the fact that Cascadia's fortune could help it regain its godly powers, it would not have stayed there. It missed its home.
Soon, as long as it absorbed a little bit more resentment, it could bring all its subordinates back to life!
The wooden doll controlled its replica, trying to move.
Wolf bit it hard. If it were not for Wynter, he wouldn't have even touched it with a ten-foot pole.
Although it was a replica, the wooden doll felt pain it had never felt before! It wanted to see who it was.
Somehow, it felt that the voice sounded rather familiar, but it was afraid it would be exposed. It had not felt this much in despair for such a long time.
Last time, it ended up being in that person's hands. It was not going to make the same mistake again.
But it was really painful. Its arm was actually bleeding! No, it could not stay that way any longer! It had to protect its godly form after finally creating it with much difficulty from the resentment gathered from five replicas!
It was quite satisfied with its new shell. After all, it was where it could absorb the most resentment! It liked this lady's heart the most! She suited it very well! However, it could not move anymore! What on earth was biting it?
Wolf merely changed the biting position on the wooden doll. Wynter did not get him to let it go, so he did not dare to let it go.
A while later, he stopped biting it and stepped on it instead. The wooden doll was making his teeth uncomfortable! The wooden doll realized it, but could not do anything.
If it stayed any longer, its original form would even be in danger. As long as it left the shell, it could recollect its remnant thoughts. The resentment. It had absorbed recently would not be a waste as well.
This was what the wooden doll planned, but it did not expect that someone would block it in its path!
Wynter grabbed the black fog with her bare hands. She bit her finger, and the moment a drop of blood dripped down she lit her lighter.
With a loud swoosh, she lit the black fog on fire!
Chapter 680 Come Back to Life
A painful wall reverberated throughout the entire room! Other people could not hear what was going on, if not the receptionist would have come to check on them a long time ago.
In a mansion somewhere, the wooden doll on the shrine was shivering as if it was furious or in pain. With a loud thud, it fell onto the shrine table!
The wooden doll suddenly opened its eyes. Its crazy long hair not only stopped growing, but it had also lost half of its hair. In the darkness, the wooden doll looked rather eerie. 
At this moment, someorte knocked on the door. "Grandpa? Grandpa? That's strange. Why is he not around?"
The wooden doll was on the ground.
Next to it were shrubs that had been there for many years. At the same time as the black fog in the apartment burnt up, even the replical was burnt to ashes. 
With evesn Lea, who had been struggling all this while, stopped moving. Her eyes were filled with hatred. She had finally managed to get her hands on this godly artifact after much difficulty, but Wynter burned it! 
Lea picked up the beer bottle on the table and was about to smash it on Wynter's head!
###chapter681
Chapter 681 Treated Wynter as an Ordinary Person Chapter 681 Treated Wynter as an Ordinary Person Wynter did not even get up. She merely swerved and kicked Lea's knees! Lea hit her head on the floor and started bleeding.
"I'm going to sue you! I'm going to sue you!"
Wynter thought nothing of it. She got someone to come and take care of it. After all, the police had to come and take her away anyway.
Lea was indignant. "Tanya's death had nothing to do with me! Rowan is the suspect! He is the last person who saw her! Everyone on set knew that!"
"He is the last person?" Wynter laughed. "What about you? Do you mean to say you saw Tanyal sleepwalking every night except that night? That does not make sense at all. After all, you told me that you've seen her sleepwalking many nights consecutively."
Lea paused. Wynter continued slowly, "Don't worry. Lie detection tests are very accurate nowadays. We'll be able to detect if you're lying or not."
Lea knew she could no longer hide the truth and started to beg for mercy.
"I really did nothing! Tanya was being neurotic! She was constantly talking to the mirror! She was the one who no longer wanted to live! The wooden doll as well! It kept tempting me to steal it!"
"There's a photo in the case file where the mirror's position was changed." Wynter glanced at Lea out of the corner of her eye. "I kept thinking why this would happen until I met you.
"You said it yourself. You would sleep on the film set at night. People who usually saw Tanya sleepwalking would be frightened half to death. Her assistants all left because of this.
"But you stayed... Wynter's gaze darkened. "Through the mirror, you saw her talking to the wooden doll.
"It's not hard to guess what they were talking about. It was something along the lines of if Tanya obeyed it, the wooden doll would make her more famous than ever, right?
"You, as her body double, were already unhappy with the current situation. You wanted the wooden doll more than anyone.
"Is there any wrong in wanting that?" Lea yelled defiantly.
"There is a saying in our industry that you attract what you are." Wynter lowered her gaze. "Your evil thoughts made the wooden doll go insane. You said it tempted you? From where I'm seeing, there is no difference between you two."
Wynter looked at her phone. "Besides, you have also looked into the wooden doll's history and legend, right? You knew it came from Foplya, but you were still willing to do things on its behalf."
"How did you know I've looked into it... Lea's face paled.
Wynter looked out of the window at the police car "You've moved the mirror which broke the wooden doll's bond.
Chapter 681 Treated Wynter as an Ordinary Person
"That was why it killed Tanya. Tanya had been feeding it, and you have been nourishing it. She paid the price.
"It's time for you to be locked up. After all, you're so selfish, leaving you around would be harmful to everyone."
"I will not go down! No one can prove that there are ghosts on this earth!" Lea yelled at Wynter.
At this moment, the police arrived at the apartment, and Lea Immediately launched into a tirade.
"Guys, you have to protect me. This lady is nuts! She kept saying that joined forces with an evil spirit to kill people! She's mad!" 
also work in the normal police precinct.
"I see. So it was joining forces with evil spirits."
"It's a case that should belong to the Special Unit."
"Michael Chenoweth really did well this time."
Lea was stumped. This was not the reaction she was hoping for!
The Special Unit team members looked at Wynter and discussed among themselves softly. "
"I don't think so. We didn't receive any instructions about it."
###chapter682
Chapter 681 Treated Wynter as an Ordinary Person Chapter 681 Treated Wynter as an Ordinary Person Wynter did not even get up. She merely swerved and kicked Lea’s knees! Lea hit her head on the floor and started bleeding. “I’m going to sue you! I’m going to sue you!” Wynter thought nothing of it. She got someone to come and take care of it. After all, the police had to come and take her away anyway. Lea was indignant. “Tanya’s death had nothing to do with me! Rowan is the suspect! He is the last person who saw her! Everyone on set knew that!” “He is the last person?” Wynter laughed. “What about you? Do you mean to say you saw Tanyal sleepwalking every night except that night? That does not make sense at all. After all, you told me that you've seen her sleepwalking many nights consecutively.” Lea paused. Wynter continued slowly, “Don’t worry. Lie detection tests are very accurate nowadays. We'll be able to detect if you're lying or not.” Lea knew she could no longer hide the truth and started to beg for mercy. “I really did nothing! Tanya was being neurotic! She was constantly talking to the mirror! She was the one who no longer wanted to live! The wooden doll as well! It kept tempting me to steal it!” “There’s a photo in the case file where the mirror’s position was changed.” Wynter glanced at Lea out of the corner of her eye. “I kept thinking why this would happen until | met you. “You said it yourself. You would sleep on the film set at night. People who usually saw Tanya sleepwalking would be frightened half to death. Her assistants all left because of this. “But you stayed... Wynter’s gaze darkened. “Through the mirror, you saw her talking to the wooden doll. “It’s not hard to guess what they were talking about. It was something along the lines of if Tanya obeyed it, the wooden doll would make her more famous than ever, right? “You, as her body double, were already unhappy with the current situation. You wanted the wooden doll more than anyone. “Is there any wrong in wanting that?” Lea yelled defiantly. “There is a saying in our industry that you attract what you are.” Wynter lowered her gaze. “Your evil thoughts made the wooden doll go insane. You said it tempted you? From where I’m seeing, there is no difference between you two.” Wynter looked at her phone. “Besides, you have also looked into the wooden doll’s history and legend, right? You knew it came from Foplya, but you were still willing to do things on its behalf.” “How did you know I’ve looked into it... Lea’s face paled. Wynter looked out of the window at the police car “You've moved the mirror which broke the wooden doll’s bond. Chapter 681 Treated Wynter as an Ordinary Person “That was why it killed Tanya. Tanya had been feeding it, and you have been nourishing it. She paid the price. “It’s time for you to be locked up. After all, you’re so selfish, leaving you around would be harmful to everyone.” “I will not go down! No one can prove that there are ghosts on this earth!” Lea yelled at Wynter. At this moment, the police arrived at the apartment, and Lea Immediately launched into a tirade. “Guys, you have to protect me. This lady is nuts! She kept saying that | joined forces with an evil spirit to kill people! She’s mad!” The police that arrived were in regular uniforms, but usually, a few members of the Special Unit would also work in the normal police precinct. “I see. So it was joining forces with evil spirits.” “It’s a case that should belong to the Special Unit.” “Michael Chenoweth really did well this time.” Lea was stumped. This was not the reaction she was hoping for! The Special Unit team members looked at Wynter and discussed among themselves softly. “Then, do we need to hypnotize her?” “I don’t think so. We didn’t receive any instructions about it.” The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
###chapter683
Chapter 683 Mysteries Solved Sebastian was an attorney. It was impossible that he hadn't noticed. He just did not have the time to talk In detail with Wynter:
Rowan, who was locked in the interrogation room, looked tired, but he still was as graceful as ever. As he was politely answering the questions being put to him, he was suddenly told that he could leave.
His assistant, Brandon, who was waiting outside, was the happiest of all. Throughout the day, many brands had been calling to ask what was going on with Rowan.
Brandon was barely holding on. They could not afford to offend any of the brands. If they pulled him off the endorsements, the internet would go crazy! But now, his boss had finally been released!
While he was relieved, Brandon was also busy replying to messages!
"Boss, it's all thanks to Ms. Quinnell. You don't know what she did."
Brandon was thinking how good it could be to have a good relationship with the Quinnell family of Kingbourne. They surely had to try to make it happen.
He never would have thought that the moment Wynter came over, she would call out to Rowan, "Hey, brother."
Brother? Who? Brandon was dumbfounded.
His boss, who never got close to any ladies, was dotingly patting Wynter on the head. "Wynter, although I'm late, I would still like to say, welcome home."
Brandon was utterly speechless. Yes. No one in the entertainment industry knew about Rowan's Identity. After all, he started his career over at Colifernia.
He started by playing supporting roles. His films were one hit after the other. The film that he was truly famous for was a low-budget movie, playing a talented but flawed detective. His fame was accidental.
The budget for the movie was minuscule, but it was a box office hit, garnering a few hundred million dollars.
Moreover, the cultural impact he had was also huge. The clothes that he wore in the film flew off the racks. At that time, he only had his first meaningful brand endorsement.
All these years, Rowan had never talked about his family once. Everyone had thought that he came from.
a small fishing village in Colifernia/How could he be from the Quinnell family in Kingbourne?
Brandon gulped, and his eyes widened.
Wynter's gaze swept over Rowan. "Rowan, can I speak with you privately?"
Rowan nodded. They stood at the deeper end of the corridor with Wolf keeping watch.
Wynter looked at him. "Rowan, did you get something you shouldn't get?"
Chapter 683 Mysteries Solved
"What do you mean?" Rowan did not understand her.
Wynter looked at him. "Tanya Hale. She got herself a protective charm. She would also constantly look for fortune-tellers."
"Ah. You're talking about this." Rowan did not hide anything from his family. "Many people in the circle do Indeed like this stuff. Ha ha ha. Don't worry. I would never."
He sure was a great actor. He even knew how to crack jokes. Then, his gaze darkened. "You think the fact that I was locked in here was not an accident?"
He was the quiet one among his family since he was often working on set, but he observed them very well. After all, only by observing well could one act well. 
From his point of view, the only com reason he was called into interrogation was because he was unlucky. But now, it looked more like he had been deliberately chosen. 
Rowan had a lot of experience in acting. After all, his most memorable role was being a detective.
When the investigators were questioning him, he could answer them perfectly only because he knew what he had to say to keep himself safe.
However, without Wynter's help, it would be pointless even if he could protect himself once there was public opinion of him on this matter, his acting career would be over. 
Wynter was also thinking about it. Could it be that Rowan was too occupied, which was why he did not pay attention to what was going on at home?
###chapter684
Chapter 684 Another Purpose Rowan thought about it. "By the way, Tanya once introduced a fortune-teller to me."
"A fortune-teller?" Wynter reacted quickly. "Who was it?"
you Rowan chuckled. "I didn't ask. She said he was useful. She wanted me to go and visit him. I'm sure yo know I'm quite against this because of Dad."
The Quinnell family did not really believe much in these things, which was why Rowan was a little distracted when he said this.
Wynter held onto her lucky coin. One not only needed the replica of the wooden doll, but they also needed a fortune-teller to help them along.
Shane was not telling the truth no matter how he was being questioned. After he was taken away, he sealed his lips. After all, he hadn't done anything illegal, which was why he was only taken in for questioning.
The news that Wynter received was that he had already returned home. The people who were keeping an eye on him told her that he had been quite good recently.
Fabian was also now in good health. Wynter had looked into Naomi. She was sure that Naomi had nothing to do with Fabian.
Shane on the other hand... Wynter was thinking about how she could get him to come clean.
From the lead regarding the wooden doll, he and Tanya must have visited the same fortune-teller. But what was the fortune-teller's ultimate goal?
Wynter lowered her gaze. Back then, that other being was still there. Logically speaking, the doll would not have resumed its original form.
However, the powers it had at that moment were much stronger than before. Who was the one who picked it up and what method were they using to keep it enshrined? Was it all just fueled solely by resentment?
Wynter did not buy it. She believed that there was a deeper conspiracy going on behind this.
"Rowan, could you and Brandon wait here for a while? I have something to deal with."
She had to talk to Michael for a few minutes. No one knew what they were talking about. Wynter had personally given the Special Unit their next mission.
She got them to look into recent supernatural cases, especially those that had to do with hair or sleepwalking. After all, no one could just show off a doll.
Initially, the best way was to investigate the company internally, but Shane had only supported them monetarily. The namesake was a company of the Quinnell family, but the operations were abroad.
Wynter got Wolf to track their IP address. They were in Foplya. Wolf would need more time to find out who it was.
Every time they distributed their stocks, they did it offline, not online. Wynter had gotten Ryan to Investigate some recorded addresses.
There were thousands of dolls. It would be unrealistic to look into every one of them. There had to be some pattern. It was up to the Special Unit to see what they could find out for her.
Greeting Michael was her way of telling him that it would not be that peaceful recently and that he should pay more attention to the movements on the internet.
From a fortune-telling perspective, if one wanted to collect emotions and beliefs, the quickest way was through the internet.
Then, she got him to use the police system to look into Shane and m another person who no one would have paid attention to-Declan. 
What powers did Declan have that made Shane adore him so much? Wynter was truly curious.
The corners of Michael's mouth twitched. "If I'm not wrong, one of them is your father, right?"
Wynter merely looked at him. Michael suddenly felt that he had crossed the line and immediately changed the topic.
"I've questioned Lea Leydoux. She seemed a little mentally unstable. She kept asking why she could not get famous.
"I've also chatted with her from the tips that you gave me. You weren me right. Only when I mentioned Tanya and Rowan would she react. 
"Tanya got famous through the und wrong way. She accidentally found out about it and enved her. it out According to her, Rowan had only in fact gone to see her after she was dead!" 
Enjoy Ad-Free Reading>>
###chapter685
12
Chapter 685 Pay the Price for Taking Too Much
"But when Rowan was there, Tanya could still talk. This was proved by the staff member who was the one who switched off the lights.
"This is really baffling. How could someone talk even after they died? They even opened their mouths..."
At that moment, Michael stopped. He had been stupid. The Special Unit was there to deal with eerie cases. It must've been common for them, right?
At that moment, Michael sighed and said, "Even your brother said that when he saw her, she was wide awake. She was no different than when she was on set.
"This confused all of my subordinates. They are still talking about this. But Rowan and Tanya's conversation was strange."
"Strange in what way?" Wynter's gaze darkened.
"Tanya kept trying to borrow something from Rowan, but she did not specify what," Michael said.
Wynter looked up. "Did Rowan agree to it?"
"No." Michael tensed up. "He could he?"
"Hmm," Wynter responded. "Once he agrees to it, it'll be hard to solve."
"Don't worry. I saw your brother's statement. He's a smart one."
Michael mused to himself about how he had to be careful in the future. If someone were to strangely borrow something from him, he was not going to say yes to them.
Wynter looked at him. "Let the Special Unit handle the rest. Your men surely can't deal with this. Perhaps Lea Leydoux would even want to borrow things from you all."
"I'll go and make the call right now!" Michael then asked, "Was Tanya really dead already back then?"
Wynter replied emotionlessly, "Yes and no. Her body was no longer hers. She had taken too much of what was not hers, so she had to pay the price.
"There is no such thing as getting famous overnight. She took other people's luck. She would need to return it sooner or later."
When Tanya went abroad to get the protective charm, she had already planted the seed. Her mind was not in the right place, which was why it was easier for her to be chosen.
What Tanya asked to borrow from Rowan was not only luck but also his life.
Wynter could not pity such a person, including that possessed Lea. She was selfish and unremorseful. Wolf, on the contrary, was delighted. The moment he left he asked if he could eat.
Wynter looked at his teeth. "You've just bitten the Wooden doll. Yet, you don't find it dirty."
Wolf gestured and said that it was not fun at all.
Chapter 685 Pay the Price for Taking Too Much Wynter chuckled. "I'll take you to get some food. How does it sound?"
They were talking when Brandon came over. "Ms. Quinnell, Mr. Rowan is waiting for you in his dar.Mr. Sebastian is there too. Since he has a rather special identity, he can't wait outside." 
Indeed, Rowan's fame had no limits. Everyone knew him, including the vendors at the market.
An MPV was parked by the side of the road. It was already considered a low profile. Brandon was careful and N well-prepared. He even got them to park right in front of the door of another car. 
Yet, when Wynter got in the car, her photo was still taken. It was a photo of her back.
Brandon was still thinking about what gossip the film crew would cook up when he received a message from NO them. He never would have expected that Rowan had been shot by paparazzil 
The most important thing was that after a while, a young girl with a child entered into his MPV!
"Fuck me!" A photographer sitting in his car waiting immediately looked at his photo. "Damn, I have to publish this!"
###chapter686
Chapter 686 Get Married At the same time, in the MPV, Rowan was not feeling well. Wynter took one look at him and knew that he was having a fever.
Brandon was anxious and wanted to take him to the hospital. "What should we do? I can't get in touch with the doctor. Boss, should we cancel tomorrow's magazine interview?"
"Didn't you say that the brand was urging us to make an appearance to quell all the rumors?" Rowan coughed and breathed heavily. "We'll go as planned."
Brandon continued speaking on the phone hurriedly.
Wynter placed her finger on Rowan's wrist. "You don't have enough rest. Plus, you're under huge pressure. So, you've caught a little cold."
Brandon was a little surprised. Rowan also looked up.
Wynter smiled. “Grandpa should have previously told you that my main occupation is being a traditional medicine doctor."
"He did." Rowan smiled dotingly. "It just slipped my mind."
Sebastian, who was sitting behind them, came over after dealing with some emails. "Wynter, do mine now. Grandpa said that you're the best doctor he has ever seen."
Wynter also wanted to take the chance to check up on her brothers to see if anyone, in addition to Naomi, had given them anything bad.
Sticking to her principle of being a doctor, after taking his pulse, she said to Sebastian seriously, Sebastian, you have to be less calculating, if not you might go bald at a very young age."
What? Bald? Sebastian's eyes widened in horror!
He always portrayed the image of being young and rich. He was the typical good-looking heir, He subconsciously looked around for a mirror to have a look at his hairline.
Wynter offered him a solution. "It's best if you find yourself a girlfriend. Don't keep living alone. It's bad for your body."
Sebastian regretted letting Wynter check his body. Sebastian mused to himself. Was Rowan not having a fever? Why was he typing on his phone so quickly? Brandon as well! If he could not stop laughing, he should get out of the car!
Hold up. Was Rowan... Sebastian quickly opened his phone. As expected, he saw a bunch of "Hahaha" texts in the group chat.
Tobias was ribbing him. "Bald! Amazing! Sebastian, I have toupées if you need."
Sebastian adjusted his glasses and replied, "Your legal fees will cost ten times more."
Tobias mused to himself about how he was just showing concern! Was that so wrong? What a cruel Chapter 656 Get Married brother! It was rare that the family group chat was in such a happy mood.
Fabian was also really happy. He no longer cared about the things Alexis hid from him. It was only that Rowan was almost involved in a murder case this time.
Fabian said without any hesitation, "Go and check and see which companies want to mess with Rowan." After all, Fabian knew much about the entertainment industry.
Alexis poured Fabian a cup of tea and replied politely, "Ms. Quinnell has already gotten someone to look into it. She even wahted Mr. Rowan to sign with our own company."
Fabian v was a little taken aback at first, but then he bawled out laughing. "My granddaughter is really doing so much better than me!
"That's right! He should be signed to our family! It's not like we don't have the resources for him. We have to show others that no one can bully my grandson!" 
Fabian had this idea a long time ago, but the people below him were never on the same page! 
So what if it was not? His grandson was such a huge celebrity! He would only bring pride to the Quinnell family!
*Also, Wynter is right. All six of you better quickly find yourself a partner." a partner."
Fabian wrote in the group chat." Wynter is already engaged. Look at the rest of you! Are you trying to end the Quinnell family's line?" 
He was familiar with his grandsons' personal lives! He could recount them all in his sleep! They barely had any relationships, but they were not one bit ugly!
Chapter 667 Wynter's Set Up
###chapter687
Chapter 687 Wynter's Set Up Just when Fabian began to worry, a shocking piece of news hit the internet from nowhere, going viral.
"A-lister's secretly married with a child!"
"Who is the lady and the child that joined him in his car?"
"The history of this A-lister involves relying on women to climb the ranks!"
Brandon was smiling happily when he received a call from the brand. "This is what you mean by no problem? Have a look on the internet yourself!"
Brandon was stunned. He only knew that something bad had happened. He quickly headed to check every website. Many fans were starting to denounce Rowan The MPV had just reached the Quinnell residence. Before Wynter got out of the car, Brandon frantically said, "Boss, Ms. Quinnell has been photographed!"
He handed the phone to Rowan. Rowan took one look before furrowing his brows. He was still having a fever, but he had to deal with this. He thought of logging into his own account to clear the air.
Wynter said, "Rowan, go and take some meds and have some rest. Let the discussion fester a little while longer. It's a good chance for me to see who is trying to take you down."
Rowan chuckled. "Alright. I'll listen to you."
Brandon was a little baffled. "Boss, about the brand endorsement-
Wynter looked at Brandon. "Please list down in detail which brands Rowan is endorsing. A mature brand would not immediately jump out to deal with this. They would sit and observe to see how everything plays out. Besides, this piece isn't real. I'm the lady that they are mentioning."
"Okay." Although Wynter was a young lady, she had an authoritative power that forced Brandon to obey her commands.
Wynter was not trying to make things difficult for Brandon either. "Rowan, would you mind if you announce your identity?"
"No." Rowan smiled. "I never thought of hiding it anyway."
Wynter seized the opportunity and asked, "Then why don't you sign to Quinnell Group? Come home and help me."
Rowan did not care who managed him, but Wynter had asked him to come home to help her.
"Sure," Rowan said happily. "I'll come home."
When Phil the butler arrived to welcome them, he overheard them talking. He felt relieved. Ever since Wynter had been kidnapped, the house became quieter.
Fabian often ate alone. When he asked about Wynter's whereabouts only would her brothers return home.
Chapter 687 Wynters Set Up
22
At that moment, not only Elliot and Tobias moved back in. Even Rowan was moving back home. The house was going to be very lively in the future!
Alfred happily got the housekeepers to tidy up their rooms. Sebastian's and Rowan's rooms were just as they were before.
"Rowan is having a fever. Please look after him, Phil," Wynter said before she left. "Please get Mr. Lopez Senior to have a look at him."
Wynter trusted Victor's medical skills the most.
As for the other matters, Wynter handed them over to Rachel. When Rachel received the call, she was a little in shock.
"A- Are you for real? Did you manage to sign him? Hold up! What did you What did say to him to make him agree to sign with us? is it really like what the internet is talking about?" 
Rachel tried to calm herself down. "You don't look too old. You don't look like you have had a child."
Wynter replied calmly, "
hung up.
Rachel mumbled to herself, "Quinnells, so what about it...
Quinnells? Rachel's eyes widened! Was that what Wynter was talking about? Was Rowan one of the six heirs of the Quinnell family of Kingbourne? 
###chapter688
Chapter 688 Bring the Hammer Down Compared to getting secretly married and having a child, this was a much better announcement!
Even Rachel, who had been in the Industry for a long time, was filled with shock. Everyone was always curious about Rowan's family background, but he had never once talked about it.
Wynter was even more amazing. Rachel had never seen any outsider In the industry who, knew how to work public opinion to their advantage.
If they were to directly announce Rowan's identity previously, perhaps its effect would not be that great.
However, at this moment, they would definitely be the winner! Everyone was paying attention to Rowan's so-called secret marriage.
Once the company announced Rowan's identity, and that he had already signed with their company, the Quinnell Group's shares would skyrocket!
Although Rachel had only known Wynter for one short day, Rachael had been amazed by her more than once. She had a feeling that this successor of the Quinnell family would take the Quinnell Group to amazing heights!
This was what the insider people would think of.
However, those without the insider news, such as the other brands and producers who wanted to make things difficult for Rowan, wanted to bring him down a notch since his fee was way too expensive.
It was only a pity that ever since Rowan started, he had been perfect.
This was a great opportunity for them! Besides, they could also feel that a few entertainment companies were trying to stir the pot in secret. They wanted to take this chance to make sure that Rowan never got up again. 1
After all, with him around, no one else got the chance to be famous.
There was a saying all these years that Rowan had first pick over the best scripts. The projects that he did not want were only then passed down.
This was not Rowan's fault famous directors and scriptwriters liked to work with him. After all, Rowan's acting was the finest. He was a box-office guarantee. With his good looks, who would not like him?
A lot of up-and-coming actors wanted to replace him, but they could never win. A few of the actors that looked like him also started to chime in on the matter.
"He should just do his job and be a good person."
Many of his fans also commented..
"Yes. The older generation should learn from us younger people. He should give up his place when it's time. He's not backing down even though he's old. Instead, he found a woman and got secretly married.
"I used to like him a lot, I wasted all my time on him.
Chapte, 688 Bnn: the Hatim -
"Yael is the best. He only focuses on acting."
Another young actor called Yael Murray had become quite famous recently. He had deliberately altered his face to look a little more like Rowan, but he hated it when people called him the Little Rowan.
His management company only signed him because he looked a little like Rowan Acting innocent was his spiel. 
Wynter scrolled through his page, and she immediately knew what sort of person he was.
Brandon was furious. He said, heaving. "This ungrateful bastard! When he was just playing a small supporting character, Rowan had spoken up for him."
"Have you all heard?" Wynter raised an eyebrow. She looked at the PR department of the Quinnell Group.
Everyone knew about Wynter shaking things up in the shareholders om meeting. When she suddenly made an appearance, no one would think of her as the dumb countryside girl anymore. 
"We'll go and send them a lawyer's letter right away!"
Wynter tapped her fingers on her glass of water, picked it up, and took a sip. "It's pointless doing that. Just do what he did to us. Prepare all the dirt you can find on him." 
The people in the PR department looked at each other.
"Bring the hammer down on them," Wynter said most casually.
###chapter689
Chapter 689 Warmly Welcome Our Second Scion Home Brandon, who joined Wynter in the meeting, could barely control his expression.
How amazing was that? However, they still had to think about the reality.
"Ms. Quinnell, would we offend them?"
Wynter threw the question back to the PR department. "Are we afraid of offending others?"
"No! No!" The person in charge of the PR department was wiping sweat off their forehead. "Ms. Quinnell, I'll go and do it right away!"
Wynter spun a pen in her hand. "After getting the dirt, you can ignore the rest. Get every company under our group to repost Rowan's post. Unify the post."
"Hmm. What. The person in charge pondered for a while. "Ms. Quinnell, what sort of post should we do?"
Wynter stopped spinning the pen. "Nothing too complicated. Just say that we welcome our second scion home."
"Okay!" The people in the PR department were a little excited to hear what Wynter said, as was Brandon.
He and Rowan never used to have anybody to rely on. They only relied on their connections all these years. So, whenever they did something, they often had to ponder long and hard.
At that moment.... they finally knew how it felt to not be afraid of anyone!
The news about Rowan's secret marriage was still gaining traction online. Brandon's phone did not stop ringing.
Eventually, he got a call that wasn't from a brand company, and Brandon was hesitant about whether her should pick it up.
He thought about how the other person had been nice for so many years. After a momentary pause, he asked Wynter, "Ms. Quinnell, this is a friend of Rowan's. Should I pick up?"
Wynter gestured to him that it was up to him.
The moment Brandon answered the call, he put it on loudspeaker. The person on the other end of the line was a woman who had a rather raspy voice.
"Who is the woman in a relationship with him?"
"What?" Brandon was first stunned. Then, he immediately explained, "It's all a misunderstanding. Rowan doesn't have-"
"He never lets any woman get in his car. The woman sighed., "Are you trying to lie to me now?
Brandon tried to explain, but he was afraid that he would accidentally expose the plan.
Wynter immediately took over. "I was the one who got into the car. Rowan's my brother." Her words were simple, yet effective.
Chapter 689 Warmly Welcome Our Second Scion Home The caller on the other end of the line paused for a while.
212
"Your brother? Hey, sis! How old are you already? I was just saying I knew how pretty and graceful this girl looked just by seeing her from the back! When are you free? Why don't you let your sister-in-law treat you to afternoon tea?"
"Sister-in-law?" Wynter chuckled. "Does my brother know that I have a sister- in-law?"
The woman replied happily, "He can find out about it in the future. After all, I'm still pursuing him."
"Oh. So there's a story behind this," Wynter said, sizing Brandon up.
Brandon did not dare to say anything further. He merely added, "Ms. Paris, we'll talk soon. I'm hanging up now." He hung up quickly, but he was already sweating.
Wynter raised an eyebrow. "Has she been by Rowan's side? How close are they?"
"She's a rich heiress. She's just a little passionate." Brandon Owered his e
gaze "She often invests in his 
films."
Wynter thought about it for a while before replying, "I got it."
She would get Wolf to check up on her. After Tanya's incident, it was better to be careful.
However, the main issue at that moment was the internet. A celebrity under the Quinnell Group's entertainment company had died.
Many were waiting to see how Wynter was going to deal with this. She had just taken over the company. and even put her focus on the entertainment industry.. 
If she did not deal with this matter well, the Quinnell Group's reputation would be affected.
At that moment, in another luxurious mansion.
"This girl thinks that just because she captured all the shareholders of the
ке
el subsidiary companies, I would 
be forced to step down and she could manage the company well. Heh! How na?ve."
###chapter690
Chapter 690 Shane Stirring Trouble After the setback at the shareholders' meeting, Shane could no longer hide his true self.
Declan, who was sitting opposite Shane, was playing with the crystal beads in his hand. He had a full head of white hair, looking gentle. "Shane, you can't say that. Wynter is your daughter."
"Have she ever treated me as her father?" Shane was seething with hatred. "Uncle Declan, you saw it yourself during the bangbet. Marie hasn't even contacted me yet. She is set on getting a divorce.
"My father is worse. Not only did he not plan to hand the company over to me, but he even joined forces with Wynter to teach me a lesson!"
Declan shook his head, feeling a little helpless at Shane's stubbornness.
*Then you have to think about your influence. You always thought that your sons were not close to you, and you wouldn't want to get them on your side.
"But think about it, not only do they have shares on their hands, but they are also excellent in their profession, and that includes Tobias. Don't look down on his career." Declan took a sip of tea as he finished.
On the surface, it seemed that Shane was making the decisions on his own, when in fact, by seeing his reaction, it was clear who was behind all of this.
"I can't even talk about Tobias. All he knows is how to prance and dance around. He knows nothing about business. But Uncle Declan, you're right. I should pay more attention to them."
Shane lowered his eyes, thinking to himself. If he did not get his sons on his side, his father and daughter would. He should start showing them more concern.
At that thought, Shane looked up. "I'm just afraid my father will be worried. Other than the eldest, he raised all of them. He never let me go near them since they were young. After all, he doesn't respect me at all."
"Don't keep clashing with your father." Declan placed his teacup down. "If you really want to care for your sons, you can always help them think about their marriage. Especially Albert's. He is already 30, but he doesn't even have a girlfriend. Aren't you worried for him?"
Shane furrowed his brows. "Marriage?"
"Men would only truly settle down after getting married," Declan said with a feign casualness. "Your father is also paying attention to this matter."
Shane looked a little alarmed. "He is trying to control Albert through marriage?"
His father would really do that. Among his six sons, only Albert was closest to him. How dare his father do that!
Declan shook his head. "Shane, don't always think so badly of your father. Sometimes, he is only doing this for the company."
"He's not giving up any power even though he's old," Shane sneered. "If he is as patient as you are to me and listened to me more, the company would not end up this way. 
Look at the current company policy. Which of them is to the younger generation's liking? I was working well with companies in Foplya, but he forbade it.
"When Wynter took charge, she was even more terrible. She stopped this business right away."
The more Shane spoke, the tenser he got. He did not even notice how m worked up he was. Unde Declan, the Yohe was fortune-teller that gave me a reading was right. Wynter is my curse! She is a curse upon the Quinnell fami 
Slam! Declan slammed the teapot on the table heavily. "Shane, I have said this many times before. Don't ever bring this up again. No matter what, you're her father." 
###chapter691
Chapter 691 Start to Hit Back
Shane quieted down. The more Declan said that the more it reminded him that everything in front of him needed to be changed! Declan swept his gaze over Shane. “Everyone is watching you right now. Watch your tongue when you speak”
“Uncle Declan, | understand.” Shane drank his tea gloomily
Declan softened his tone and sighed. “I always thought we could be a happy family. Sometimes, | also think about the divination back then. Initially, | didn’t believe it, but so many things have happened. | finally believe it.
“But, Shane, you should know that ordinary people can’t accept this. Luckily, a few of the shareholders could understand your point of view. Every one of them came a long way. They would surely believe in fate”
Shane was finally relieved when he heard what Declan said. He leaned forward to fill up Declan’s teacup | understand. | also know that the others are hiding it deeply to collect energy”
“It's good that you understand. Wynter is still young. She doesn’t know that fortune-telling can change one’s fate. It’s only normal.”
Shane chuckled when he heard that. Yes. What did that young girl know?
She thought her superstition could take him down. Little did she know that he and the others were so close together because everyone thought the same as him. Only his stupid father did not care about these things
“Speaking of Albert, | heard that he used to have a nice girlfriend, but your father did not agree to it back then” Declan changed the subject
“Out of sheer coincidence, | know her. She is working in my company right now. She has had her fortune- teller reading She brings luck to her husbands.”
Shane’s eyes brightened. “Uncle Declar, you're saying
“Since it’s his first love, and he likes her, shouldn’t you as his father help them be together?” Declan smiled affectionately. “You should do something that makes your children happy. After all, he is returning
Shane nodded, resuming his usual gentle persona. Im glad you thought of it”
That was right, he did not need to spend all his energy on that stupid girl, Who cared about her? When she could no longer deal with the situation, she could cry all she wanted
From Shane’s point of view/Wynter was surely unable to get out of the current tough spot. Tanya was the most famous celebrity under the Quinnell Group
One could only say that Shane was old and outdated. He did not know what everyone was talking about Chapter 691 Sturt to Hit Back at that moment since he had never once shown Rowan any concern.
The tide against Rowan was getting louder online. Some even started saying that when Yael had just started out, he had met with a lot of injustice because he looked like Rowan
Some even hinted that Rowan was afraid that Yael would surpass him, so he secretly blocked Yael’s career from taking off.
Logically speaking, no one would believe such a thiny Ru the internet was magival Stace, and anything The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
went.
Yael’s fans seized this opportunity.
“My God. | didn’t know Yael had to go through all this. Luckily, this is all in the past.” “Some people are just bom wicked. Yael, be strong!”
“This is a good moral story. Just because he entered the sceneeailier, he had been hoerdi Gil the résdurces. Look at him crashing now! @Tranquil_Rowan” The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
They tagged Rowan in the comments. Everyo Wes berating
‘oniigecanthat oment, a legal notice The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
went viral! 
###chapter692
Chapter 692 Wynter Turns Yael Into a Joke Rachel was the one who sent the legal notice, which included an announcement that read, "From now on. Mr. Rowan Quinnell will join our company cooperatively."
In addition, she retweeted both Yael's and various gossip accounts.
"The girl in the photo is Mr. Rowan's younger sister. We'll pursue any remarks that slander him. And also, @Yael, please don't be a clout chaser."
The internet was up in arms. Nobody had expected such a clarification, More precisely, no company had mentioned a celebrity openly in an online announcement before.
a Rachel was hesitant when she posted the last sentence. However, she was told to send it this way by her new boss. So, she didn't and did as she was told.
The last sentence infuriated Yael's fans. They always targeted other celebrities to support Yael. They would not, of course, put up with such "slander".
"Don't make me laugh! How can you prove they're siblings? I've learned about the entertainment circle for many years. But I've never heard of that 'A-lister' having a sister! You can't just make stuff up!"
"That's right! Buddies, please pay attention to this-that girl's coat is very expensive! I looked it up. It's a Queenlight Corporation limited edition. As we all know, it's difficult to get Queenlight Corporation's outfits. That 'A-lister' might not even afford to buy it!"
"I don't care how you explain the rumor, but you shouldn't slander Yael! Are you addicted to bullying? We're not to be trifled with!"
"I agree with that! Do you think Yael is poor like that 'A-lister'? He's a scion of a wealthy family! He doesn't need to clout-chase anyone!"
Seeing the flurry flurry of comments on the internet, Yael felt as if the discontent that had been building up in his heart for so long had finally been released.
He never wanted his looks to be compared with Rowan's again.
He believed Rowan didn't have a strong background. So, he felt dissatisfied when the latter always got the upper hand.
It was human nature to admire people with stronger backgrounds. Because of that, Yael received more supporters. They repeatedly emphasized his wealth.
From their point of view, he was a scion from an affluent family who wasn't short of money. He was one of the few people in the circle who dared to speak frankly.
His fans assumed that his involvement in the entertainment circle was purely a hobby. He didn't have to be jealous of Rowan.
However, just as they were publicizing this statement, all of the Quinnell Group's enterprises took action.
Every tweet they sent was different, but they were all dishing out Yael's dirt. Furthermore, they posted Chapter 692 Wynter Tuan Yael into a Joke videos instead of photos.
The videos showed how he bullied rookies, used foul language, and clout- chased using Rowan's popularity. Moreover, his goal was always to get an advantage over Rowan, even if it meant treading on him.
When fans clicked on the last video, they could hear Yoel's voice.
"Isn't Rowan famous? So what if I clout-chased him? Just do what I say and stop spouting crap!
"I'm tired of them saying I look like him! How can a working-class fool compare with me? He just got lucky and entered this circle earlier.
"I must top the ranking list this time!
You said he's more popular than me? Then let my fans boost my ranking! my They're all from the lowest class.
De Without my presence, they'd never know what the upper class is! 
Yael's voice couldn't possibly have been synthetic. In an instant, the internet was in turmoil Fans who had It was just shown their support for Yael in the comments section were stunned and held their phones blankly. 
They always wished their idol the best. None of them had ever seen his true colors. It turned out that they were nothing in Yael's eyes and were even referred to as the lowest class. 
His remarks turned them into a joke.
Stock Soaring
###chapter693
Chapter 693 Wynter Sends Quinnell Group's Stock Soaring Yael's fansite admins immediately started commenting.
"We admit that we've followed Yael blindly. We sincerely apologize to @Tranquil Rowan. @Yael, you don't deserve our support!"
In the entertainment circle, no celebrity had ever been unfollowed by all their fansite admins at the same time. Yael was truly a unique case.
As his words were too vile, and trending topics arose one after another. He asked an influencer to help him whitewash his dirt. The price was negotiable.
Unexpectedly, the influencer sounded hoarse, as if he was afraid. "Mr. Murray, I've advised you not to tamper with Rowan. We messed with someone we shouldn't have."
Yael believed there wasn't anybody his family didn't dare to mess with. "I'll pay the troll army! Just do as ! say!"
The influencer scratched his head. "Mr. Murray, please take a close look at the accounts that tweeted. They're not from this circle, but do you know who is behind them? It's the Quinnell Group!"
As soon as he finished speaking, those enterprise accounts took action again. They all retweeted Rowan's account with the same sentence.
"We warmly welcome our second scion @Tranquil Rowan home!"
The Quinnell Group, the company that didn't tweet very often, also retweeted Rowan with the following sentence.
"By order of Ms. Quinnell, warmly welcome our second scion @Tranquil Rowan home!"
It instantly proved the identities of the people in the photo.
Yael's fans were already embarrassed, but they never expected a follow-up, which made them even more embarrassed.
Not only the entertainment but also the financial circles were in uproar, especially after the Quinnell Group retweeted Rowan.
"Holy crap! Can someone explain what's going on?"
"This is the first time I've seen my finance professor tweet!"
"The financial circle is in chaos. Quinnell Group's stock is expected to double several times from tomorrow onward!"
"Huh? Why?" someone unfamiliar with the capital market inquired.
Netizens enthusiastically responded, "Because Rowan is the Quinnells' second scion! He signed with Quinnell Group as well. Quinnell Group is so awesome!"
Chapter 693 Wynter Sends Quinnell Groups Stock Soaring
20
Plus, the Quinnells are the richest in Kingbourne."
"The Quinnells are nationally-renowned businessmen. In terms of strength, they're probably 20 times the Murrays."
"The legendary Quinnells' six scions are all mysterious. I never imagined that my favorite celebrity would be the Quinnells' second scion!"
The news caused a stir throughout the city. The Quinnell Group had also attracted unprecedented attention. The company used to be low-key, but it was the most popular topic among the people now.
With Rowan's popularity, many of Quinnell Group's products sold out in minutes.
"It turns out that the real scion is Rowan!"
"@Yael, do you feel ashamed?"
Yael dared not respond. His father reprimanded him and urged him to go the Quinnells and apologize in person.
home, intending to take him to Alexis soon received a call from the Murrays, but Wynter declined to answer it.
Yael had been clout-chasing Rowan for many years. Did he believe that an apology would be enough to make up for his mistakes? 
"He is a celebrity. Since he likes acting, let him stay in that circle Since he wanted to destroy Rowan by inciting public opinion, he had to face the music. 
Alexis nodded and replied to the Murrays. Rachel and Rowan's regular assistant had witnessed what it was like to publicly disgrace someone without showing respect. 
Rachel had been a celebrity manager for many years and had never seen such a successful impact on public opinion.
Rowan's career would not only be unaffected, but it would actually advance as a result of this incident.
###chapter694
Chapter 694 Wynter Makes Quinnell Group Popular Beyond that, there were thousands of comments about the Quinnell Group.
The sentence "By order of Ms. Quinnell, warmly welcome our second scion @Tranquil Rowan home!" gained popularity over the internet.
Quinnell Group was in the business circle, but its tweet exuded a rare sense of gallantry.
Young people who had previously been apathetic about business were also becoming interested in the Quinnell Group.
After reading up on the internet, they soon learned about Quinnell Group's development history.
It turned out that during a turbulent era, the Quinnell Group played its role in passing on information and providing funding. They proceeded to sponsor students to study overseas from that time forward.
People of that generation desired to bring knowledge back from overseas because Cascadia was in desperate need of development at that time.
Until now, Quinnell Group also donated a significant amount of money every year, either to improve education for children in mountainous areas or to invest in infrastructure.
Moreover, Quinnell Group had insisted on developing domestic brands over the years.
Netizens immediately became enthralled. They excitedly purchased anything they could afford as long as it belonged to Quinnell Group.
They were particularly interested in Ms. Quinnell, who was referenced in the tweet.
After all, everyone had seen her photo. Wynter's appeared slender and tall from the back. She was in a black T-shirt and a high ponytail. Furthermore, she didn't look old enough to run a company.
The Quinnells' genes were indeed good. Through the photo, everyone could see that Rowan doted on his sister. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been photographed smiling at Wynter as she opened the car door.
That was why why people overanalyzed his gentle and doting expression.
They were merely wondering if Rowan could bring his sister out to act, especially as the siblings' characters in the movie. They were ready to draft the script!
Quinnell Group's enterprises didn't expect that this so-called announcement would eventually have this.
effect.
Even the invested shopping malls and gold stores sold a large amount of jewelry. Other companies' bosses came to seek tips after seeing Quinnell Group's good product sales.
The heads of each subsidiary company said simply, "We do nothing. It's just that we have a competent Mrs. Quinnell."
Those bosses were rendered speechless.
Chapter 694 Wynter Makes Quinnell Group Popular
22
Things didn't go as Shane expected. Tanya's Incident did come to light, but the police solved the case tool quickly. Nobody tied it to the Quinnell Group.
Shane had just come out of the villa when he received a call from a shareholder.
"I'd like to help you, Shane. But your daughter is quite capable. What I earned today is equivalent to what I make in a year! You'd better not come to me for your problems again."
Shane suppressed his rage and said nothing. He gritted his teeth as he looked at the current state of the company. It appeared that he should consider starting his plan from his sons' side.
Wynter's action might have seemed unintentional, but it had far-reaching consequences for Kingbourne.
The pampered socialites didn't get it. However, if they observed closely, they would notice that the Scotts, who had been basking in great glory a few days before, hadn't appeared recently.
The Scotts' situation continued to deteriorate, and their business suffered as well.
"I heard that Mr. Scott Senior was selling off his shares yesterday."
"What happened to his grandson?"
"He grew grew foolish. Nobody knows if he'll recover."
Some people lamented while others believed the Scotts deserved it. After all, the Scotts were well-known in the industry for exploiting small companies from other places.
The Fentons and the Winstons, who were closely connected with the Scotts, had neither bright spots nor shortcomings.
Instead, people were talking about the Quinnells, who were already in decline but surprised everyone by coming out on top. All of this seemed to be tied to Wynter's return.
Chapter 694 Wynier Makes Quinell Group Popular Chapter 694 Wynter Makes Quinnell Group Popular Beyond that, there were thousands of comments about the Quinnell Group.
The sentence "By order of Ms. Quinnell, warmly welcome our second scion @Tranquil Rowan home!" gained popularity over the internet.
Quinnell Group was in the business circle, but its tweet exuded a rare sense of gallantry.
Young people who had previously been apathetic about business were also becoming interested in the Quinnell Group.
After reading up on the internet, they soon learned about Quinnell Group's development history.
It turned out that during a turbulent era, the Quinnell Group played its role in passing on information and providing funding. They proceeded to sponsor students to study overseas from that time forward.
People of that generation desired to bring knowledge back from overseas because Cascadia was in desperate need of development at that time.
Until now, Quinnell Group also donated a significant amount of money every year, either to improve education for children in mountainous areas or to invest in infrastructure.
Moreover, Quinnell Group had insisted on developing domestic brands over the years.
Netizens immediately became enthralled. They excitedly purchased anything they could afford as long as it belonged to Quinnell Group.
They were particularly interested in Ms. Quinnell, who was referenced in the tweet.
After all, everyone had seen her photo. Wynter's appeared slender and tall from the back. She was in a black T-shirt and a high ponytail. Furthermore, she didn't look old enough to run a company.
The Quinnells' genes were indeed good. Through the photo, everyone could see that Rowan doted on his sister. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been photographed smiling at Wynter as she opened the car door.
That was why people overanalyzed his gentle and doting expression.
They were merely wondering if Rowan could bring his sister out to act, especially as the siblings'
characters in the movie. They were ready to draft the script!
Quinnell Group's enterprises didn't expect that this so-called announcement would eventually have this effect.
Even the invested shopping malls and gold stores sold a large amount of jewelry.
Other companies' bosses came to seek tips after seeing Quinnell Group's good product sales.
The heads of each subsidiary company said simply, "We do nothing. It's just that we have a competent Mrs. Quinnell."
Those bosses were rendered speechless.
males 664 Wynter Makes Quinnall Groi.p Popular Things didn't go as Shane expected. Tanya's Incident did come to light, but the police solved the case too quickly. Nobody tied it to the Quinnell Group. Shane had just come out of the villa when he received a call from a shareholder.
"I'd like to help you, Shane. But your daughter is quite capable. What I earned today is equivalent to what I make in a year! You'd better not come to me for your problems again." 
I
Shane suppressed his rage and said nothing. He gritted his teeth as he m looked at the current state of the company. It appeared that he should consider starting his plan from his sons' side. 
Wynter's action might have seemed unintentional, but it had far-reaching consequences for Kingbourne.
The pampered socialites didn't get it. However, if they observed closely, they would notice that the Scotts, who had been basking in great glory a few days before, hadn't appeared recently. 
The Scotts' situation continued to deteriorate, and their business suffered as well.
"I heard that Mr. Scott Senior was selling off his shares yesterday."
"What happened to his grandson?"
"He grew foolish. Nobody knows if he'll recover."
Some people lamented while others believed the Scotts deserved it. After all, the Scotts were well-known in the industry for exploiting small companies from other places.
The Fentons and the Winstons, who were closely connected with the Scotts, had neither bright spots nor shortcomings.
Instead, people were talking about the Quinnells, who were already in decline but surprised everyone by coming out on top. All of this seemed to be tied to Wynter's return.
###chapter695
Chapter 695 Something's Wrong With Logan
"You guys take her too seriously." Chad sat on the couch and fixed his tle. "She does know to do somet strange things. But do you guys believe we've suffered a loss just because of her?"
Chad lowered his voice. "Mr. Quinnell Senior might have taught her."
Someone next to him retorted uneasily, "But Chad, if she's incapable, she can't be the famous designer Lamar! We saw that at the Quinnells' reunion banquet. She's not easy to mess with. Tobias, Sebastian, and Elliot defended her.
"We don't dare to cause trouble for the Quinnells, especially Sebastian. My dad said that he's an outstanding litigator!"
Nobody had ever refuted Chad's statement on such an occasion before. Despite the gathering of familiar friends, none agreed with his statements.
As an illegitimate child, Chad cared most about having power, even in this small circle.
He clenched his hands. "If you guys retreat, what should Naomi do? She can't even go home now."
Everyone became quiet after hearing that. Those scions harbored feelings for Naomi. After all, they'd worshipped her since they were little. They heard that she no longer wanted the Quinnells' support and was working hard on her own.
She was even called up for interrogation because of what happened last time and almost had a criminal record.
"She didn't do anything wrong. She just has a crush on Dalton, but Wynter treats her like that."
Chad said that not only for Naomi but also for the Winstons.
At the family reunion banquet, the Quinnells had embarrassed the Winstons.
Although Clyde used many connections to get Wendy out, her life was ruined. She'd never be able to marry a good man.
Marie even grabbed his aunt's position as first lady and embarrassed his aunt in public.
Adding all of this up, he had long desired to settle his accounts with Wynter. However, Dalton was behind.
her.
Chad let out a long sigh. "I understand everything is different now, but we must uphold justice. Wynter is too ruthless."
Those scions were a little hesitant, believing she had overwhelmed Naomi too much.
Logan, who had been sitting in the corner, burst out laughing mockingly. "That was never Naomi's home! Was what the Quinnells said not clear enough? Why did you keep trying to whitewash her?
"You said Naomi had done nothing wrong by having crush on Dalton. As Dalton stated, she just wants to be a mistress. That's not love..
Chapter 695 Something's Wrong With Logan
"Up until now, you and she have been belittling Wynter in various ways. She doesn't even bother talking to you."
Logan's voice grew increasingly clear as if he had suddenly matured, "If you still want the Winstons to exist, don't cut matured if you cause Wynter any trouble. This is the last time I'll show you respect." 
He picked up his coat and said, "Don't ask me to attend this kind of gathering again."
With a bang, he kicked the door open. He felt uncomfortable and showed his displeasure.
Austin looked a little uncomfortable. "I have the same idea as Logan. As your buddy, I advise you guys not to seek death." After saying that, he caught up with Logan.
He always felt that something was wrong with Logan couldn't pubiinately, but he m words. Logan seemed to have something in mind.
It was quite bizarre. He had never seen Logan like this before since the latter hadn't even been sad for a single day during his lovelorn. Austin wondered what was up with Logan. these days. 
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###chapter696
Chapter 696 She Should Be the Quinnells' Heiress When Austin got in the car, he observed Logan and whistled,
"Logan, this is the first time I've seen you rebuke Chad in front of others. What do you mean by showing him respect for the last time?"
"It's nothing." Logan was distracted.
Austin had also heard of the Winstons and was aware of their problematic relationship with their siblings. But Logan had given up on inheriting the company from the start.
"Why is your brother unable to let go of Naomi?" Austin changed the subject. "He's stubborn and insists on confronting Wynter head-on. If she takes action against him, he'll be doomed."
Logan abruptly asked, "Do you think he does everything for Naomi?"
"Who else could it be for?" Austin appeared naive.
Logan lowered his eyes. "Maybe I'm overthinking it. My brother always..."
"Always what?" Austin couldn't hear the rest clearly. Logan didn't want him to know either.
Logan knew, however, that Chad always acted following Clyde's wishes. He wasn't sure why. But when he returned to the Winston residence recently, he felt a chill. Perhaps it was due to fear. He was afraid he wasn't aware of his family's true colors.
"Nothing." Logan turned the steering wheel. "I'll drop you at the subway entrance. I want to go back to the Winston residence."
Austin gazed at him. "Are you going to visit Mr. Winston Senior? You're amazing. I'm scared every time I see him. He left a deep impression on me when I was little.
"Go ahead. Help me offer him a fruit basket. I hope he gets better soon."
Logan nodded. Clyde was indeed ill for a long time. He hoped everything went smoothly and that Chad wouldn't cause any trouble during this period.
Meanwhile, the atmosphere in the private room became extremely awkward after Logan left. When Naomi came in, her smile stiffened when she saw the scene.
She only had two friends left who weren't from the socialite circle. They may, at most, be considered wealthy. They weren't even deserving of attending such an event in the past.
However, since the last family reunion banquet, the ladies who had greeted her affectionately no longer allowed the socialites to get close to her. She was even unable to Invite some scions. Indeed, those people were always realistic, Naomi clenched her hands and sneered inwardly, but she still appeared elegant.
Chapter 696 She Should Be the Quinnells Heiress
27
"What's going on?" she asked gently, "I invite you guys to dine. Why do you look so unhappy?"
A loose-tongued scion revealed everything that happened just now.
Naomi gazed at Chad. "I know you feel sorry for me, but I'm doing well now. Wynter has her reasons not to accept me. After all, I wouldn't be who I am without the Quinnells."
At this point, she changed the subject and grinned. "Don't worry about me, Chad. I'm here to tell you that I'll be on TV. I'll probably be able to find some good stuff." 
"On TV? Is it Cascadia TV?" Everyone present became thrilled.
Naomi nodded and chuckled. "Yes, my professors recommended me to them."
"You're amazing, Naomil They thought she was indeed capable.
Lamar's fame was limited to her status as a foreign designer. She required widespread acknowledgment in Cascadia.
At this point, no one in the circle could compare to Naomi. She was a certified cultural relic restorer who was protected.
Their tutors also described her as a genius in terms of her knowledge of cultural relics. The truth was that she was going to be on Cascadia TV. glo 
Naomi smiled as she watched everyone's reactions. She believed that once she got phí Cascadia TV, everything would return to normal. She assumed she should be the Quinnells' heiress. 
###chapter697
Chapter 697 Planning to Harm Dalton However, another person wasn't as confident as Naomi.
In the villa, Declan stared at the chessboard on the table and didn't move for a long time. The most recent information about Wynter was placed under the chessboard.
He was curious. She was only a girl returning from the countryside. How could she possess such abilities?
Over the years, he had learned to match his words to his actions. Even if he was emotional, he wouldn't show it on the surface.
"Go find out what she did in Havenlight County. If she truly rescued Elliot, we should pay heed to her."
The butler standing next to him was young. Logically speaking, he shouldn't have been in charge of the matter, but Declan favored him.
The butler asked, "Are you worried that the Scotts incident has something to do with her?"
"Yes, because she appeared at the perfect time."
Declan set down a chess piece. "Go back and inform your boss. I can't offend the Yarwoods. Dalton has already made his attitude clear at the Quinnells' reunion banquet.
"Unless your boss has a way to deal with Dalton. Otherwise, our cooperation won't go smoothly."
The young man bowed and poured Declan some tea. "I'll convey your orders to him. Don't worry. My boss. has a way of dealing with Dalton. After all, the medium is there."
Declan nodded. "Those on the list are interested in joining us. Put away the offerings they gave properly. I didn't attend the shareholders' meeting this time, but that girl noticed the doll. If she finds out more, we'll be doomed."
"We've been safe for so many years. The young man smiled. "We have a backer, after all. What's more, ordinary people would never think of that place."
Declan stood up. "You still have to pay attention to her. You may go ahead." The young man saluted and walked out.
Declan's expression turned solemn. According to the plan, it wouldn't be long before he could help Shane take over and use the latter as a puppet. Then, he would control the Quinnells behind the scenes.
Marie disappointed the Whitmans. So, if something happened, the Whitmans would consider whether to intervene in the Quinnells' affairs. After all, they were in Hawford.
As for his brother, he had heard that someone could make him mute.
Declan stared at the half-length mirror, pondering. It had been so long, but he had received no results. Foplyans were too slow in doing things.
Just as he was thinking, someone came outside. He immediately shifted his cunning expression to a
272
gentle one.
He had a principle that he wouldn't do anything on his own. He would wait for the other party's solution, as they had stated. Everything would be fine as long as they could deal with Dalton.
Moreover, he was ready to move some "chess pieces" he had been preparing for a long time.
In the weekly news, Quinnell Group was the most popular. Rowan woke up after a good nap, and his fever had gone away.
The Quinnell residence was rarely lively. The maid had prepared many dishes.
Tobias came right after he got off the stage and started gossiping the om minute he walked through the door. "Rowan, your trending topic is quite popular. Has your endorsement fee doubled?" 
"From now on, I'll only endorse the Quinnells' brands."
Rowan, who was in a white shirt, said gently, "I'm now Wynter's artist, so I'll only listen to her Now you're still nominally my and Wynter's competitor." 
Tobias was rendered speechless. When did he become Wynter's competitor?
Sebastian reminded the yellow-haired Tobias from a lawyer's perspective, "You're signing for the
Yarwoods' entertainment company.
Although the company you worked for was the largest in the past, Wynter has r now taken over our entertainment company. 
"You're unlike me and Rowan. You can't help Wynter make money. But we can."
###chapter698
Chapter 698 The Quinnell Family's Affection Tobias immediately understood what Sebastian meant. He rolled his eyes and took out his phone. He mentioned Wynter in the group chat, entered his password, and transferred the money.
Her phone vibrated as soon as she finished her work.
"Tobias is transferring you 100 thousand dollars."
"Tobias is transferring you 100 thousand dollars."
"Tobias..."
The first three messages were from Tobias. After that, Elliot, Sebastian, and Rowan followed suit. The difference was that the amounts they sent had more digits than Tobias.
Wynter removed her helmet, raised her eyebrow slightly, and asked the butler who came to pick her up to look at her phone. "Phil, what's going on?"
Phil smiled. "They're competing for your favor."
She was confused. He held the flashlight up and told her what had happened in the living room. He couldn't help but laugh.
"This place has not been so lively for a long time. Mr. Tobias is still the same as when he was little. Whenever his brothers provoke him, he'll act silly."
Although Tobias was now a celebrity, he hadn't changed. Wynter could see Phil's feelings for the Quinnells.
She didn't understand it before. But after a trip to Hawford, she learned the origin.
When the Quinnells first started the business, Phil's family was already present, helping with port operations and making significant contributions to cultural relic protection.
They were even willing to go to jail to protect their master.
Wynter remembered all of it. She took the flashlight from him and said, "Be careful, Phil. I'll hold it. The road is long. I can come in by myself afterward. You don't need to pick me up."
"I'm happy to pick you all up." Phil was indeed old. His wrinkles were more evident when he smiled. "I know you're worried about me, but don't worry. My legs are getting better since I applied the medicine your gave me last time."
After hearing that, Wynter didn't insist on persuading him.
Older people were persistent. Phil had been devoted to the Quinnells throughout his life. He had seen many things that saddened him and found it impossible to help.
The Quinnells were getting better, and Fabian was becoming healthier. Wynter was extremely nice to him and the maids as well.
Chapter 6 The Quinnell Family's Affection
Although Phil didn't understand business, he could see through people. The Quinnells now were the real national businessmen.
Fabian understood all of this best. When Wynter returned, the first thing she did was change the layout of the house.
His condition, Elliot's life, and the murder case that Involved Rowan. She saved the Quinnells repeatedly and shot the Quinnell Group to global fame.
If Fabian hadn't figured everything out by now, he'd be unable to control the Quinnells Shane had been superstitious for many years and believed that outsiders could bring him prosperity. He probably never expected that the person who could make him prosperous would be Wynter, who he thought was destined to be a jinx.
Nobody knew whether he'd regret it when he found out the truth.
Fabian no longer wanted to care about Shane. He just asked Alexis to pay more attention to Shane and keep the latter out of the Quinnell Group's affairs.
He also scheduled an appointment with an attorney to discuss changing the company's equity next week. As long as Albert and Blake returned, Wynter would own the entire company. 
"Mr. Quinnell Senior, Mr. Albert's flight will be landing soon."
When Fabian heard that, he was overjoyed. "Then ask the people to prepare a few more dishes. Albert likes homemade dishes."
"Yes, sir."
The Quinnells were thrilled. Wynter sat in the center, surrounded by her brothers jath of whom were enquiring about the set case. 
"It has something to do with the wooden doll." She had no intention of You keeping it from her family.
should all be careful in the future.
Don't respond to strange people and things, especially Tobias." 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###chapter699
Chapter 699 Worry About Dreams Coming True Wynter had always been concerned about what happened to Tobias in her dream.
She was unable to compute the fate of her relatives. But she was aware that among her brothers, Tobias had the most ups and downs.
In addition, dolls had appeared frequently recently, so Wynter had to give more reminders.
Tobias was about to say something when his reminded him not to forget about the TV shone rang. It was a call from his manager, Jacqueline. She
"Show? What show?" Wynter was inquisitive because she was worried that the previous director would find a place with Earthbound Formation to shoot again. Tobias really looked like a celebrity when he handled his work seriously.
He didn't know how to explain it to Wynter at first. But since she took the initiative to ask, he smiled brightly and responded, "It's a show to increase knowledge. The company chose it for me. I can bring my family to the Cascadia TV show."
Tobias gazed at Wynter. "Wynter, do you want to come with me?"
Rowan said lightly, "I can go with you. She is a non-celebrity. Why are you asking her to go?"
"I want to promote the Quinnells at the right time." Tobias wasn't stupid. "Cascadia TV is for all ages. It would be great to officially reveal my identity as well."
Wynter wasn't interested in Cascadia TV. However, if Tobias could reveal his identity to the world, some of the things in her dream wouldn't happen, such as his being shunned and slandered as a call boy.
"When will the show start? I'll ask Alexis to arrange the time," Wynter said while turning on her phone.
Tobias felt warm when he saw that. "It's on next week."
"Okay." She appeared blank, yet serious, just like when she was a child.
Sebastian and Rowan smiled as they looked at the scene. They used to study in an international school. Every time they returned home, the first thing they did was head to the baby room to see Wynter.
Wynter was unlike other children who cried regularly. If she had something to hold, she could remain silent all day.
When she slept, her eyelashes appeared long, and her face was the size of a palm. When she was awake, she held the bottle and drank her/milk, not forgetting to command Tobias with her eyes.
At that time, no matter how weary they were from school, seeing Wynter and the other brothers at home made them feel like the happiest people in the world.
But later, Tobias seemed to have changed after Wynter was kidnapped. Now, everything was back to before. Of course, they felt pleased.
Fabian went out of the study pleasaritly. He then turned on the television to watch a movie. He enjoyed his tea, while Rowan and Sebastian accompanied him and talked about their plans.
Meanwhile, Tobias was seeking advice from Wynter on how to dress for his concert. He also showed her a demo of his new song.
He initially let her listen casually, but he didn't expect her to understand the music. After she adjusted a few notes, the whole song became more upbeat. 
Tobias' eyes lit up. He sat on the floor, tapping his hands to the beat.
Although he had never said it, he had always felt inferior to his brothers.
Both Tobias and Rowan were m involved in the entertainment circle. Rowan was the country's best actor and had proven himself through his acting skills. 
His dream, however, was to be an idol. He enjoyed music and the feeling of being on stage.
Tobias had assumed that he didn't care about other people's opinions. But after hearing it repeatedly, some of the words displeased him. 
Some people commented that he was doing useless things by singing and dancing. Regardless of how famous he was, he could only gratify girls.
###chapter700
Chapter 700 Albert Is Back Even though Tobias had become a celebrity, those words always seemed to hover over him. Some nights, he would ask himself whether his current path was meaningful.
So, he abruptly asked, "Wynter, do you think what I'm doing is right?"
"What?" Wynter was still listening to the song.
Tobias looked away. "I want to be an idol without thinking about the aftermath."
Wynter felt a little depressed as she looked at him, recalling the last scene about him from her dream. If she hadn't met and gotten to know Tobias, this feeling might not have been so evident.
He was a spirited young man who pursued his passion despite the obstacles. When he eventually made it to the world stage, a conspiracy ruined him. That trash Shane had always suppressed him mentally as well.
"You're a sparkling celebrity." Wynter gazed up affectionately. "Tobias, you were born to stand on stage. You look cool. How could that be wrong?"
She wasn't joking. "I never underestimated the influence of idols. I've read your interviews. Many overseas fans are eager to learn about Cascadia's history because of you. After understanding our history, they're warm and friendly to us.
"Aren't you always engaged in cultural exchanges? With music as the center and you as the medium, your future will be more dazzling than anyone else's."
Wynter looked serious. "Tobias, I'm proud to have a brother like you."
Tobias was astonished when he first heard that. Then, he became inexplicably joyful, and his heart appeared to be filled with warmth. Nobody had ever told him this before.
He had always wanted to perform on the world's biggest stage as a Cascadian. He assumed no one would agree with him, but he didn't expect Wynter to understand him.
Sebastian and Rowan, who were drinking tea and playing chess nearby, could sense Tobias's emotions.
After hearing Wynter's comments, they reflected. They were able to accept what happened back then because they could judge.
But that wasn't the case for Tobias. At that time, he most likely could only walk and knew nothing.
They went to live on campus, leaving him alone at home. None of them could imagine his situation at that time.
Sebastian and Rowan hadn't given it much thought before because they were unaware of what Shane had done. Now, those issues were laid out in front of them at once.
Sebastian was smart. He had even realized that his dumb father was actually cunning but was too selfish. For himself, he could even sacrifice his love and his children.
Chapter 700 Albert Back
Sebastian didn't want to think about Shane anymore since it made him want to throw up.
He approached Phil and asked him to begin the meal. "Albert may return late. He said we didn't need to wait for him."
When there were a lot of people in the family, they preferred to eat pizza together while watching TV.
Their meal was no different from an ordinary family's. That was the family tradition of the Quinhells. Everything tasted good as long as they were together. 
The luxury only began after Naomi come, Shane wanted to elevate her status and give her the best in everything. Those two always paid attention to the Importance of eating the freshest seafood.
Shane didn't follow Gordon to save people like Fabian.
Fabian understood that food was scarce, thus he never wasted it. At never most, he would ask Phil to prepare a 
few more dishes because Wynter enjoyed meat.
Each person had a small pizza and a large one in the middle covered in various toppings.
The Quinnells relished their meal in this way. While they eating, Philm exclaimed surprisingly, "Mr. Quinnell Senior, I saw the car! Mr. Albert is back!" 
###chapter701
Chapter 701 Change in the Quinnell Family
Chapter 701 Change in the Quinnell Family Wynter had not met Albert yet, but Sebastian had told her that Albert wanted to rush home on the day of their reunion dinner.
He had not anticipated that their overseas partners would only negotiate terms and sign the project. contract in his presence.
Wynter had learned that Albert was famous on Winnow Street.
Almost everyone there said that the Cascadian, Albert Quinnell, was very intelligent. They also acknowledged that Albert was the best CEO at managing companies.
Wynter wondered whether her dream was about their previous generation. Why didn't the capable Albert help their grandpa save the company if it was?
After all, he was overseas running their subsidiary company.
Wynter was still deep in thought when Phil ushered Albert in while pushing two suitcases.
Two suitcases?
Tobias also raised his eyebrows with a puzzled look on his face.
There was a breeze as the door was pushed open.
It was Wynter's first time laying her eyes on her eldest brother, Albert Quinnell.
He was a top-notch businessman with great business sense. He wore a well- tailored suit and held a briefcase in his hand. His short hair was naturally full.
There was a sense of integrity amid his tiredness, and he was tall and handsome. Compared to Rowan, Albert had a more sophisticated aesthetic.
He had sharp eyes and a charisma that only someone experienced in negotiations would have.
"Wynter," he said with a smile after seeing her.
It was then that Wynter noticed the subtle beauty mark at the corner of his mouth, which slightly softened his features.
"I'm home." Albert went up to Wynter and hugged her. He held the scent of the drizzle outside.
Everything was fine until another person walked in.
It was Jolene Horton, whose attire had a certain appeal to it. Her jeans paired with a long coat gave her an artistic look.
"Al, is this the sister you often talk about? Her eyes were filled with surprise. "She's so beautiful, like a wild rose."
Wynter indeed had remarkable features, especially the tear mole at the corner of her eye, which became more visible when she lifted her eyes.
Jolene seemed to like Wynter since she kept staring at her with delight. “Al, I want to bring her shopping tomorrow...
"Wynter won't be going," announced Fabian in a polite and dignified tone. Leaning on his cane, he walked over. "She has a full day of classes tomorrow and needs to attend school."
Tobias raised an eyebrow. Attend school?
But Wynter spoke before he could. "I'm sorry, but I am busy with my studies these days."
Jolene paused for a while, then smilingly said, "It's okay. It's been a while, Mr. Quinnell Senior. This is for you."
As she spoke, she held up a gift box.
"You are too kind," Fabian did not refuse but said with a smile. "I thought you left the country a while ago."
I Jolene looked toward Albert. "Indeed. Since I have been away for many years, I did not expect to still bump into Al at the airport. I lost my passport and nearly could not come back, but luckily, Al was there."
Standing beside her, Albert's eyes darkened slightly. It was not difficult to perceive the current situation.
Wynter could not really stand listening to someone who would shorten another's name. She figured Jolene must have watched too many idol dramas with silly female leads in her youth.
But Jolene was not foolish. On the contrary, she had high emotional intelligence.
Yet, Fabian did not seem to like her. There must be a story behind it.
After all, Albert would not casually bring a woman home, even if it was an old acquaintance. They were standing together quite intimately, too Wynter had studied psychology and roughly deduced the past relationship between the two.
"I never expected Albert to run into her."
Chapter 701 Chenge in the Quinnell Family
Jolene seemed to like Wynter since she kept staring at her with delight. "Al, I want to bring her shopping tomorrow..."
"Wynter won't be going," announced Fabian in a polite and dignified tone.
Leaning on his cane he walked over. gon
"She has a full day of classes tomorrow and needs to attend school." 
Tobias raised an eyebrow. Attend school?
But Wynter spoke before he could. "I'm sorry, but I am busy with my studies these days."
Jolene paused for a while, then smilingly said, "It's okay. It's been a while, Mr.
Quinnell Senior. This is for you.
As she spoke, she held up a gift box.
"You are too kind," Fabian did not refuse but said with a smile. "I thought you left the country a while ago."
o still Jolene looked toward Albert.
"Indeed. Since I have been away for many years, I did not expect bump into Al at the airport. I lost my passport and nearly could not come back, but luckily, Al was there." 
Standing beside her, Albert's eyes darkened slightly. It was not difficult to perceive the current situation.
Wynter could not really stand listening to someone who wouldn shorten another's name. She figured Jolene must have watched too many idol dramas with silly female leads in her youth. 
But Jolene was not foolish. On the contrary, she had high emotional intelligence.
Yet, Fabian did not seem to like her. There must be a story behind it.
After all, Albert would not casually bring a woman home, even if it was an old acquaintance. They were standing together quite intimately, too.
Wynter had studied psychology and roughly deduced the past relationship between the two.
"I never expected Albert to run into her."
C
###chapter702
Chapter 702 His First Love Is Here Tobias, worried that Wynter was unaware of the situation, quietly told her, "That's Jolene Horton, Albert's first love. They were passionately in love, but Grandpa did not approve, so they parted ways."
"I can see that," Wynter replied in an equally quiet voice.
His rebelliously handsome face showed surprise. "You can tell?"
She e could indeed tell. After all, positioning was important in psychology, and on top of that was their conversation, making it easy to guess.
But it was Fabian's attitude that made Wynter pay more attention to it.
Albert noticed them and asked, "Tobias, what are you and Wynter whispering about there?"
"Nothing much. We were talking about how flowers could bloom again, but people can't be young again." Tobias put a hand into his pocket in a cool and arrogant manner, looking like a celebrity.
Jolene could not hold back a laugh. "Toby, you are still as amusing."
Tobias, who was called out, gave a smile and remained polite.
When Wynter saw the scene in front of her, she was sure that Jolene and her brothers knew one another.
"I was surprised when I saw your posters while I was overseas. The fans really do love you." Jolene's eyes. sparkled. "Who would have thought that the boy from before would actually become a superstar? Right, A17
Albert nodded with a smile as he removed his watch.
Jolene was a guest, after all, and one that his grandson had brought home, so Fabian could not allow her to remain standing.
It was just that they were short of one serving, causing Phil to look apologetic.
Jolene smiled gracefully and assured him, "It's okay, Phil. I can share a plate with Al because I am watching my weight at the moment."
Artists did seem to be different from others.
Jolene was heavily influenced by her time abroad. Every one of her sentences would include a foreign word.
Of course, Phil's education level was not low, either. He had been the Quinnells' butler for a long time and had impeccable manners and poise.
Seeing Jolene like this, Phil decided to speak to her entirely in the foreign language. Fabian would not be annoyed with the way she spoke.
e was so that Jolene's eyes widened as she heard Phil speak. She turned toward Albert and exclaimed, "I didn't know Phil was so good in this language. His accent is so pure."
Chapter 702 His First Love is Here
Albert put down his fork and whispered something to her, and Jolene turned slightly red.
"Sorry. I'm making a fuss about nothing."
Because Wynter was quite hungry, she did not pay much attention to what was happening.
Fabian could not be bothered about it, either. It wasn't because he had any ions to Jolene, but because he felt that some people were from different worlds. There was no reason to force them to be together.
Rather than looking at them, it was better to watch Wynter immersed in eating meat.
Seeing how quickly she was picking up the meat, he felt she must be hungry, so Fabian gestured for Phil to bring another plate of meat.
While looking at Wynter, Phil signaled the staff in the kitchen.
"Is the meat all for Ms. Quinnell?"
"Managing the company must be too tiring. Ms. Quinnell has been busy the whole day on account of Mr.
Rowan's matter."
"No wonder Ms. Quinnell could eat without gaining weight. She needs to be properly fed. When you carve the meat, please add more to Ms. Quinnell's plate."
"I will definitely add more to her plate.
Ms. Quinnell has just praised my pizza for being delicious." 
Wynter was undoubtedly much favored in the family. This was m because each time she visited, she would 
wander around.
It wasn't just to look at the residence's layout but also to take care of the elderly there, both in matters of 
the home as well as medical insurance.
She would even bring them various ointments, which was really thoughtful of her.
Everyone naturally wanted Wynter's stay to be happy and comfortable each time she came home since her work was so taxing.
Because there were still some wayward Quinnell Group shareholders to deal with, she needed to eat more.
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
Play
###chapter703
Chapter 703 Protecting Grandpa Jolene could sense the attention everyone in the Quinnell family paid to Wynter.
That included Albert, who couldn't tear his eyes off Jolene whenever she appeared before. But now, he was obsessed with his sister.
Perhaps it had been too long. They had not met after splitting up during their college years. She came back after hearing that he had not.found a girlfriend since then.
The pizza was still piping hot.
Jolene was polite and mostly kept quiet after that because she knew the family had things to talk about.
Tobias kept piling meat onto Wynter's plate, reminding her, "Wynter, I believe Albert no longer listens to Grandpa much after falling in love. The brain is pretty much useless when one is in love.
"I know you like that devil, Dalton. But you need to take it easy, as you shouldn't base a marriage on looks alone."
"Tobias, that foul mouth of yours could still say something decent." Sebastian pushed up his glasses.
He continued in the manner of a lawyer, "Wynter, you should try to consider this matter further. There's no need to rush into marriage so soon after coming back to Kingbourne."
Rowan was more direct as he said, "I know quite a few well-known movie stars. Take a look and see if any one of them meets your aesthetic requirements. I can introduce you to each other."
Upon hearing those words, Wynter raised her eyebrows and solemnly said, "No thanks, Rowan. I've met them before.
"To be honest, none of them can compare to my handsome patient. Dalton is mine, and I have no plans to look for another man right now."
The brothers exchanged glances. All of them realized that Wynter really only went for looks. There was also a slight sense that Wynter was forcing her feelings on Dalton.
Watching the scene, Albert's feeling of coldness melted away.
Jolene called his name twice, but seeing that he did not respond, she just smiled.
Their meal lasted until nearly 10:00 pm.
Wynter had wanted to go back to the courtyard, but as she was leaving, she saw a flicker of loneliness on Fabian's face.
"Phil, I'll stay here tonight. You can give me any available room."
Pleasantly surprised, Phil responded, "How could it be just any room? Ms. Quinnell, Mr. Quinnell Senior has asked us to keep your room for you. It is upstairs."
When Fabian heard that Wynter was staying, he happily stroked his beard. Chapter 703 Protecting Grandpa He had planned to follow Wynter back to the courtyard if she went back there, not wanting to hear Albert say anything that would make him angry, like previously.
Unfortunately, there would always be someone who would say something that they shouldn't have.
When they were having tea after dinner, Jolene approached Fabian. Wynter and Tobias were there, too, while the others had gone to wash up.
"Mr. Quinnell Senior, I'm sorry, but I am breaking my earlier promise to you." Jolene did not hide anything from anyone and placed a bank card on the table like a sensible younger person. "I cannot forget Al.
"I am returning the bank card you gave me all those years ago. You may think that Al and I are unsuitable for each other, but we were truly in love.
"I have worked hard for so long just to become a good match for Al Back then, you despised my origin and family background, though you did not clearly state it. 
"But I know you think that Al and I have different values and that was of no help to his career, so it would be difficult for us to stay together. 
"I was young and confused at the time. Between Al and art, I chose art. But after all the years I spent abroad, I finally understand that I love Al the most."
Wynter did not want to involve herself but noticed Fabian's changing m emotions. So, shelifted her head and said, "Ms. Horton, you can say these words directly to Albert. 
"Besides, my grandpa has never disapproved of anyone's background. You do not know the Quinnells well enough yet."
###chapter704
Chapter 704 Defeat Magic With Magic As if worried about offending Wynter, Jolene explained, "Sorry, Wynter. I have used the wrong words, but I meant no malice. I only wanted to tell Mr. Quinnell Senior I am serious about Al."
While speaking, Jolene bowed to Fabian sincerely.
Compared to Yvette, Jolene was harder to read because she was so serious that one could hardly find any fault with her.
Fabian, who was choked up earlier, could breathe smoother now.
He could not describe what had happened all those years ago because Jolene's actions were rather defiant.
Albert would not believe it if Fabian had told him about them.
It was wrong of him to give Jolene a sum of money at the time, but he had wanted to test her tenacity. The matter had become troublesome now, and he should not have listened to Tobias' idea back then.
Now that it had come to this, he was the one in the wrong.
Fabian turned to look at Tobias, who guiltily turned his handsome face to the side slightly.
How could he have predicted that Jolene would still come back?
At that time, Fabian had asked him how to dispel a woman's desire for a man. Back then, Tobias had just accepted a role in his first idol drama, so he told Fabian to give money to the woman.
He never expected it to be so bothersome so many years later.
If she kept the money then, could she still come back to choose Albert now? Wouldn't it be free-riding?
Tobias propped himself up on a corner of the table, ready to stand up. He was afraid that Fabian would vent his anger at him by hitting him with his cane.
"Where are you going? Sit down." Though Fabian had no control over Jolene, he still had control over his own grandson.
Tobias rubbed his nose bridge. "I want to look for Albert so that they can talk. Isn't that right, Jolene?"
"I do not want Al to know about this." Jolene dropped her gaze, her long hair grazing her shoulders. "He suffered a great blow when I left him years ago.
"Just let him think that I left because of money. This would be better for Mr. Quinnell Senior.
"As for the other matters, I will slowly mend them. You do not have to agree to any of this, Mr. Quinnell Senior. I will continue to prove myself in the future."
It was a wonderful statement from Jolene.
In the past, Fablan would have felt uneasy, but he had Wynter now, and she was on his side.
Chapter 704 Defeat Magic With Magic Even silly Tobias was willing to share his burdens, so Fabian had nothing to get emotional over.
"Sure." Fabian leaned on his dragon cane calmly. "My grandchildren are all adults and have their own thoughts.
"As for the matter between you and Albert, you can handle it yourselves. There is no need to purposely inform me in the future. Tobias, please take Ms. Horton's card."
Then, Fabian looked back at Jolene and said, "We have an unspokenm understanding of the matters that happened in the past. We will treat it like it never happened before." 
Jolene clearly did not expect Fabian to agree with her so readily. He even took the card back, as if whatever happened between her and Albert in the future would have nothing to do with him. 
Jolene paused for a while before quickly saying. "Thank you."
She looked really happy, like a load was taken off her shoulders.
Phil walked in at that moment to say, "Mr. Quinnell Senior, the hour is late. Is it not time to rest?"
Reminders like these usually meant that the host was going to bed.
Jolene felt rather awkward because her luggage was still in the living room. "Phil, L..."
"Please arrange a guest room for Ms. Horton." Fabian stood up, no longer caring, and turned to his grandchildren. "Wynter, please tell me cl 
###chapter705
Chapter 705 Family Philosophy Jolene watched Fabian and his grandchildren leave and turned to tell Phil with a laugh, "Mr. Quinnell Senior has changed a lot. It must be because of Wynter's return.
"Has he changed?" Phil courteously said. "Mr. Quinnell Senior has always been reasonable. He was just too busy in the past.
"Ms. Horton, please come this way. Mr. Albert is still working and has a multinational meeting to attend. His room is along the corridor.
"If you need anything, please let me know."
Jolene beamed and said, "Thank you, Phil."
The Quinnell residence was huge, with lights everywhere that made it bright and comfortable.
The study was still brightly lit, although it was already night..
Jolene did not look for Albert but made a call before sleeping.
Fabian really meant it when he said that he no longer cared. He was listening to Wynter's plan for Tobias.
"His contract is still with the Yarwoods." Smiling, Fabian said, "Dalton, that schemer, has long recognized Tobias' potential."
Wynter was scrolling through her phone. "He won't care about such things as they have an agent who is good at discovering talents."
"Jacqueline?" Tobias raised his eyebrows. "Wynter, are you trying to poach her?"
Wynter did consider the idea, but to poach someone would mean losing friends. "No, not poaching, but discussing cooperation with my handsome fiancé.
"There is no need to compete when it can be a win-win situation. The Yarwoods have a lot of primary businesses, and investing in one more business will not be a problem."
"You are trying to get the Yarwoods to invest." Tobias' eyes lit up. "Then I don't need to change my contract and will still be able to endorse our family."
Wynter giggled. "You and Rowan would look compatible together."
"Rowan and me?" Tobias coughed. "Wynter, don't you know that his fans are always mercilessly criticizing me?
"They say I can't deliver my lines well, and my acting is as stiff as wood. If I really worked together with Rowan, then I believe his fans will target me and keep me as a trending topic."
Wynter looked at him. "Then, are you good at delivering your lines?"
"I am not that good." Tobias was honest about it.
Wynter loved Tobias for his honesty. "That is an acquired skill that can be fixed. I have watched the Chapt 705 Family Philosophy shows you have acted in, and they do not fit with your image.
"You need a script that fits you well. Some actors' TV shows are well-received, and it was not purely based on their acting skills. Of course, acting skills are important, but the key is to fit the characters themselves."
"I didn't realize that you could also understand scripts."
Phil poured two cups of tea for the siblings, then turned to look at Fabian. "Mr. Quinnell Senior, you are truly fortunate."
Fabian patted Phil's shoulder. They looked more like brothers than employer and employee.
"It has been so many years, and you still cannot change your habit of addressing me so formally."
As he said this, Fabian handed Phil a cigar. "Albert brought this back. You love to smoke this."
"Thank you, Mr. Quinnell Senior." Phil's behavior was not like that of an employee, either.
The two elderly men stood together, watching the two younger ones, discuss the company's future.
"Phil, if I were to die and meet my forefathers now, I could tell them that my conscience is clear Also, your NO unfailing service to the Quinnells is the reason why the family hasn't declined. We did it." 
Phil held his cigar, looking moved.
As long as the Quinnells had accomplished successors then good employees would not be jobless. 
policy of businesses supporting the people could be implemented.
Rather than only striving for one's goal, one should strive to benefit el others, too. That was something that
the Quinnells had managed to do for many generations. This was done by Fabian in the past, and now Wynter was taking over.
###chapter706
Chapter 706 Another Dream That night, Fabian sedly while someone else was tossing and turning, finding it difficult to fall asleep.
Wynter was tired after breaking so many formations lately. She wondered what the matter was with Leo and the twins since they did not dare to appear. They kept hiding in the artifact after arriving at the Quinnell residence.
But Leo did say, "Master, the fortune at the Quinnell residence is excellent. We find it a bit uncomfortable to stay here."
After all, they were spirits, and they were previously malevolent ones. They were in Fabian's territory, so they did not dare to act rashly.
The Quinnell family's foundation had been severely damaged earlier, and that allowed spirits to take advantage of it.
Wynter did not say much. After her shower, she prepared three sleeping bags for the three spirits.
She was not dexterous, but in Atwater's words, she had a talent for drawing talismans.
Others had to make a lot more effort, cutting the bags until they were more realistic. But she did not need to do that because whatever she wrote on the bags would turn out exactly as it should.
Moreover, Wynter was a designer herself.
Leo lay on the sleeping bag while smelling the pastries Wynter had prepared for them. The pastries were full of milk flavor, and that was nourishment.
It was fine as long as they did not get greedy and went for the Quinnell family's incense.
Furthermore, the environment here was good. Although Leo felt uncomfortable when he went out to play, no one chased him away.
It seemed that the Quinnell family's ancestors were tolerant toward child spirits like Leo.
Everything was originally very peaceful.
At that very moment, a fool knocked on the door of the Quinnell family's memorial hall.
It was a sound that only malevolent spirits could hear.
Leo suddenly sat up straight and stopped watching his favorite show, "Magnificent Flying Hero". He wanted to wake up Wynter.
On the bed, Wynter seemed to be having a nightmare, as her brows furrowed slightly.
Wynter had not had such a dream in a long while. It was very vivid, as if it had happened before.
In her dream, Fabian's illness affected his cardiopulmonary system. He was coughing badly, and there. were traces of blood in his phlegm.
Chapte: 705 Another Dream But he never told anyone about his illness other than Phil, who knew about his physical condition. It was never announced to the public because they needed to stabilize the Quinnell family's situation.
After reuniting with her biological family, Wynter did a lot of foolish things.
In her dream, she was very close to Shane at the beginning. Maybe she had hoped to gain her father's approval, so she would do whatever he said.
Shane had told her that Fabian was very serious and did not pay much attention to kinship.
Wynter did not believe it, but she did not take any initiative to relieve Fabian's uneasiness.
Tobias was gone by then, and Elliot was away on a mission.
Rowan was suspected of being involved in a murder, but the investigation was still ongoing. All the evidence pointed to him, but no one could find his motive for committing the crime.
The police suggested a closed trial, but someone leaked the matter and caused Rowan's reputation to plummet.
He was berated by everyone on the internet. They said he mistreated newcomers and was a bully on set. Some even said he was sleeping around.
Someone uncovered that he had the Quinnells backing him, yet he had been portraying a tragic personal all along.
When a person was disliked, everything he did was wrong. The internet would not pass up on anything trending
One could imagine the things that their company had to face. Af the e time, Fabian faced attacks from all 
sides.
He waited at home, hoping for Albert to return and help him.
Compared to Blake, only Albert could support the company at that time.
With Sebastian's assistance, it was not difficult for the Quinnell Group to get through difficult times. 
But it was then that Albert encountered his first love, Jolenien Horton, who was forced to separate ΕΠ
from. 
him in college.
###chapter707
Chapter 707 Albert's Path in the Dream In Wynter's dream, Jolene did not come home with Albert. Instead, they bid each other a hasty farewell at the airport and met again at a dinner party.
Just like in fiction, Albert kept thinking about Jolene after meeting her.
Maybe because one's first love was unforgettable, he wanted to know her reason for breaking up with him. and ask why she chose to leave at a time when they were so in love.
Initially, Jolene refused to say anything, and she also met Fabian.
She told him about how self-reliant she was, and her words were similar to those she said in the study.
Back then, Fabian could not let Albert be entangled in matters of the heart.
The Quinnell Group was in a critical situation, and Albert needed to concentrate on managing the company. Only then could they prevent more staff from losing their jobs.
So, Fabian intervened in their relationship.
The difference now was that Fabian still did not approve of Jolene. Previously, he disapproved of her, but now he detested her.
However, this actually gave Jolene a chance to get closer to Albert At that time, Albert thought Fabian was overbearing and not understanding at all.
Jolene went from an ordinary person to a successful one based on her own efforts. The work that she put into her success was at least ten times more than others.
It can be said that Jolene's appearance accelerated the Quinnell Group's decline.
Wynter could not understand her fragmented dream. In her dream, Jolene did not do much, and everything was coincidental.
Albert was so busy that he was always silent when he got home. The relationship between Fabian and Albert grew further apart.
At the time, Fabian wanted to tell Wynter things, but she could not understand them. What could an outsider do when they were being played by those within the industry?
They were helpless, and no one could understand the situation.
The last time they argued was when Albert found out that Jolene left because Fabian had given her money.
That day, Albert was in a bad mood, and he said a lot of hurtful things.
Fabian was affected when it came to company decision-making because his shareholder rights were completely disregarded. The Quinnell Group was officially handed over to Shane.
Wynter seemed to be floating in mid-air as she watched the scenes in front of her.
That was until Fabian laid on a hospital bed and held her hand, struggling to speak. He told her, "Go ask Albert to come in."
By then, Wynter had been badly mocked by others. She was also slightly afraid of Albert, as he was always very serious and frowned like a disappointed father.
When Albert entered the ward, Fabian told him he approved of his relationship with Jolene. But Fabian also reminded him that the Quinnell Group came first because it was his responsibility.
Albert heard him, but following his words was difficult. From the beginning, he had not truly accepted Jolene. His rationale was that she had missed her chance since she chose to leave.
Jolene was good at touching people's hearts. She moved into the Quinnell residence with great fanfare and said she wanted to take care of Albert.
Since Fabian was hospitalized, Shane agreed to it.
Wynter was also sent away from their home, leaving only Phil there.
In the dream, Phil held an umbrella over her while helping with her m luggage. It seemed like he had a lot to say, but in the end, he only let out a gentle sigh. 
"Ms. Quinnell, will you miss Mr.
Tobias and Mr. Quinnelly Senior? When M. Tobias was younger, he enjoyed teasing you." 
At that moment, Wynter wondered what he was talking about. Wasn't Tobias gone?
After being sent away, her envy grew stronger because she frequently saw Shane and Naomi together in 
magazines.
Albert and Jolene had gotten engaged, and it was a grand affair.
###chapter708
Chapter 708 The Quinnell Family Falls Apart But in her dream, Wynter found out about Albert's engagement not because she was invited but because he had an accident on the day of his engagement. He fell into a coma and was in a vegetative state.
As Jolene was Albert's certified fiancée, she inherited all his company stock rights.
Wynter had been wondering why Fabian would pass away so soon. She did not expect his life expectancy to be so short, both in terms of physical condition and expected lifespan.
Now she had her answer. Fabian, who was already seriously ill, could not bear it anymore after a series of misfortunes.
On the brink of death, Fabian struggled to visit Albert, but he did not wake up.
After Fabian's death, some of the decisions that he had made while managing the company were criticized.
They said that his ideas were outdated and unsuitable for business development in present-day society.
Shane started to list the Quinnell Group in the overseas market. He laid off many long-term employees and replaced them with artificial intelligence.
At that time, no one could stop him, as Sebastian wanted to strike out on his own.
At that point, Jolene used the shares she inherited from Albert to expel Sebastian, In theory, Wynter could not do such things. But as a member of the Quinnell family, she had to be present each time there was a change in shareholders.
Sebastian had offended a lot of people in the business community, and everyone who had a secret held by him would not let him off easily.
Wynter could do nothing but watch Sebastian leave. He, a spirited lawyer much favored in the law firm, was accused of secretly rigging Rowan's case that he had taken over.
In his hopeless situation, he could only leave home and go abroad. Quinnell Group would never go back to the way it was.
Phil cried out to her in tears, "Ms. Quinnell, the Quinnell family has fallen apart."
Raindrops were hitting the window.
Wynter suddenly woke up, looking pale. This had never happened before.
Her long hair was draped over her shoulders, and her eyes were dark. The corner of her eyes was red, and her gaze was sharp and cold.
Leo was scared by her appearance and cautiously asked, "Master, are you crying?"
Wynter lifted her eyes, trying to suppress her churning emotions. Her fair and beautiful face was tear- stained. Her cold disposition made her look as if she were about to break.
Chapter 708 The Quinnell Family Fals Apart Even Leo, a malevolent spirit, could feel her intense sadness.
In her previous dreams, Wynter could still be half a bystander. But after understanding the burden that the Quinnells and Fabian bore, how could she remain a bystander?
All of the Quinnell family's six sons were giants among men, yet all of them met terrible fates.
Although Sebastian was a schemer, he should not have ended with such unbearable hardship.
Rowan, too, did not depend on family connections but strived to become a great actor on his own, yet he was berated by netizens.
As for Tobias, Wynter still remembered Phil's words even after she had woken up. "Ms. Quinnell, will your miss Mr. Tobias and Mr.
Quinnell Senior?" 
She suddenly stood up and put on her coat.
She had no right to say she missed Tobias because she never saw him in her dream.
It seemed like someone was manipulating everything behind the scenes.
Her brothers did not attend the family reunion banquet, so she thought they did not welcome her. 
The Quinnells could be defeated, but not in this manner.
It was Jolene who finally broke Sebastian's spirit when she inherited Albert's stock rights. This was En:
unbearable for Wynter. 
Wynter's eyes darkened. She wanted to know who was behind Jolene's actions.
###chapter709
Chapter 709 Here to See Fabian Wynter did not believe that Jolene could come up with a plan as meticulous as getting close to Albert ultimately for the company's shares to remove Sebastian.
Even if Jolene did it for money, Wynter believed that a person's well-hidden ambitions could still be seen in the depths of their eyes.
As for the other matters, they seemed to be purposely arranged.
What was a honey trap? To an ordinary person, it may mean getting a beautiful woman to seduce a man.
But in reality, that wasn't the case. An excellent honey trap was where one's unforgettable first love suddenly returned.
They would look pitiful and treat the other party sincerely, telling them that they would get through thick and thin and grow old together.
Being someone's unforgettable first love wasn't something wrong, but being an unforgettable first love with hidden secrets was different.
Could two people coincidentally meet in the vast area of the international airport? Jolene losing her passport so Albert had to bring her home with him was all a series of manipulations.
Was her dream about the Quinnell Group's critical moment?
Albert was exhausted from work and needed someone to allow him to rest a little. Then, Jolene appeared to shower him with her gentle care. It was like hitting the jackpot.
Wynter raised her eyebrows briefly and thought she would ask Albert what he was thinking about.
If Jolene was there purely for love, Wynter would wonder whether Jolene was being used. But based on the scene in her dream, Wynter did not quite believe in that love.
Young love was significant, but each time Jolene spoke to Fabian, there was a hint of faint resentment.
Jolene hid it well, and it was not easily perceived by others.
Wynter had studied psychology and understood non-verbal body language, so she noticed it. Though, she was unsure if there were any other details.
But one thing was for sure-as long as Wynter was alive; she would not let the Quinnell family fall apart.
An entrepreneur like Fabian should not be treated disrespectfully after his death. Not long after Fabian's death, Quinnell Group was covertly sold overseas.
If everything happened according to her dream, Wynter could not imagine how heartbroken Fabian would be One of his grandsons ended up dying, while the other was incapacitated, and the Quinnell Group could not be saved.
Cheble: 105 Here to See Fablon Shane truly did not deserve to be a Quinnell.
And what was the matter with Albert? Why did he insist on marrying Jolene?
When she met Albert today, she felt he would understand such simple principles. Why did the accident occur on the day of their engagement?
Wynter clasped the lucky coin in her palms while a look of fierceness appeared in her eyes.
She only calmed down a bit after fiddling with the sugilite pendant that Dalton gave her.
It was the first time the three spirits had seen her like that.
Holding a milk candy, Leo approached Wynter, not daring to talk too loudly. "Master, there is some movement at the memorial hall, and it seems to be something impure. Shall we go and have a look?"
Wynter restrained herself and turned to look at Leo. "Something impure?"
With the Quinnell family's current state, Leo and the twins did not dare to go near the memorial hall for fear of being harmed by the good fortune. 
In that case, it was unlikely that it was something impure.
Wynter picked up her handphone. "Which direction is the memorial hall?"
"The southeast corner." Leo straightened up, no longer wanting the pacifier.
Wynter did not delay or wake up Phil.
Just as she said before, the Quinnells were very upright. 
The three spirits could no longer come out, but even they could see a figure with a cloth bag on his back. standing not far away. 
###chapter710
Chapter 710 Walked a Long Way The cloth bag was green and was suitable for holding newspapers. It matched his overcoat.
It was a teenager in a newspaper boy hat, Cody. His face was dirty, and he held something in his hand.
"He dared to come here?" Leo was rather shocked to see there were still spirits that dared to venture into this place.
That spirit was different from them, as it did not have any resentment. It could disintegrate easily if it went into the memorial hall.
Cody noticed some movement and turned to look in Wynter's direction. His eyes lit up. "Hello. Finally, someone noticed me. I don't know what's going on, but no one could see me."
"If others could see you, then they would get the exorcist." Leo could not help admonishing him as he held his pacifier.
Wynter seemed to be thinking as she walked over while looking down at the envelope in the boy's hand.
Cody wiped the sweat off his forehead. He seemed to have walked very far and was feeling tired.
"Miss, someone asked me to deliver a letter to this address for the Quinnells. Do you know Mr. Quinnell Senior?"
"I do. He is my grandpa." Wynter did not try letting Cody know that he had passed away.
Spirits remained in the world because of hidden karma. And even more so, they depended on willpower to support them.
There was a sense of urgency in Cody, as if he had a very important mess for the Quinnells.
"Finally. I took a long train ride to get here. Northern Plains is so large that I nearly got lost. Even their trains are different."
While smiling happily in relief, Cody said, "Could you please get Mr. Quinnell Senior for me? Everyone said I had to hand this letter to him personally. Then my trip this time would not be wasted."
"Everyone?" Wynter noticed the word and raised her eyebrows while smiling slightly.
Cody was very thin and had injuries on his legs. He seemed to be hiding something as his eyes flickered." Yes, everyone is waiting for Mr. Quinnell Senior."
After saying this, his vision turned black, and he started to fall sideways.
Wynter's reaction was quick, so she caught him. Her eyebrows furrowed as she asked, "What happened to him?"
"Master, he fainted from hunger." Leo's eyes widened and said, "I haven't met a hungry spirit in a long time.
"Didn't he say that he had a long train ride? Was there no food for him to smell on the train? It shouldn't Chapter 710 Walked a Long Way
1. be. The smell of pasta is wonderful."
Wynter picked Cody up and walked directly to the kitchen. There was a lot of food in there. Wynter quickly whipped up some ham and vegetable paella for Cody.
He woke up after smelling the delicious aroma. He watched Wynter put down the pot and turn to him."
You are awake. Come over and have some." 
"Master, I want to eat, too." Leo, m
dazed by the aroma couldn't help but twitch his nose. 
Wynter made a large portion of paella, so she divided it into four shares.
The only difference was that Cody's portion was large, and there was an apple for him.
Cody was at a loss. "No, my uncle told me not to take any money from the citizens."
"This is not taking because this is my treat for you. I am a Quinnell, and the Quinnells 
citizens."
Wynter's explanation made it difficult for him to refuse.
Cody was starving, too, so he accepted the food. "I will pay you back when I have money."
"Sure." Wynter did not force him. "Please."
###chapter711
Chapter 711 He Knows Phi Chapter 711 He Knows Phil A living person had to say "please" for a dead spirit to consume food from the human realm.
Cody, who was unaware he was no longer among the living, still had impeccable manners. After hearing Wynter's invitation, he finally began to eat.
Despite Cody's ravenous hunger, there was still grace in his actions. He divided the paella into two portions before quickly devouring his half. Next, he eyed the apple in front of him.
While Cody ate, Wynter fetched some paper and a pen. She planned to draw items for him, allowing him to receive them in the spirit world.
For example, she noticed his worn-out straw sandals, so frayed they had caused blisters on his feet.
Seeing him pause, Wynter asked gently, "Why aren't you eating?"
"I want to take the leftovers back to share with the others."
Cody touched the back of his head in embarrassment before continuing, "My uncle and brother haven't eaten for a long time. They gave me the last half of the bread so that I would have the energy for the train ride."
Wynter hesitated for a moment before smiling. "Please finish the food. I'll whip up another batch for you. You can bring all these fruits from the kitchen, too."
"B-But I can't afford all this. It's too much," Cody hastily replied.
Wynter settled into her seat and locked eyes with Cody. "Didn't your uncle mention that you can rely on the Quinnell family for help anytime you face difficulties, especially with money, food, or supplies?"
Cody tapped his head as his memory seemed a bit foggy. "My uncle did say that the Quinnell family is one of our bases. Oh, yes! The Youth Daily and the Quinnell family."
Wynter tousled his hair and replied, "So, you can have them all."
Cody nodded, turning to glance at the shelf beside him. "I've never seen so many fruits. My uncle and the others will be thrilled!" He looked up with eyes shimmering. "Thank you so much!"
"It's nothing." Wynter replied.
Through their conversation, Wynter/realized Cody was not merely a paperboy. He belonged to the Little Red Army.
He had an extra layer of clothing beneath his coat and calloused hands from handling a gun at such a young age.
In addition, he was mindful not to waste food, even picking up stray grains stuck to his clothes and leaving nothing on his plate.
The letter he brought seemed far from ordinary,
Wynter asked, "May I have the letter?"
Cody immediately tensed and stepped back. He halted just in time, and his dirt- smeared face turned serious. "I'm sorry, miss. I must hand the letter to Mr. Quinnell himself."
"All right, I understand," Wynter replied, contemplating how to inform Fabian about the sender's presence.
Suddenly, a noise came from the other side. It was Phil.
Seeing Wynter in the kitchen, he hurried in with a lamp. "Ms. Quinnell, why didn't you call me if hungry? I'll call the chef."
"Mr. Moore, it's fine," Wynter said.
you were
Just then, Cody interjected, "Mr.
Richard Moore? Wait, Mr. Moore isn't so old. But you look us like him! I But remember now, you're Mr. Moore's younger brother! But why did you age so much?" 
As Cody spol
he glanced down at his own hands. He was puzzled as to why the other person had Paged 
into an old man while he remained so young. 
###chapter712
Chapter 712 Dealing with My Older Brother Wynter displayed a rare flicker of emotion.
Did Cody know Phil? Was Richard from the Mooreer family, too?
Phil, who had been smiling, suddenly looked up. "Who's speaking?"
There was a mix of confusion and skepticism in his eyes. He wondered if he had misheard, but he was certain he had heard his brother's name.
Phil found it hard to believe that anyone would know Richard's name.
According to the plan, only he would stay with the Quinnell family to assist its heir. Richard had joined the military long ago. His brother, being much older, had always looked more like their father.
Initially, there had been news from the front lines, but eventually, Phil was the only one left in the Mooreer family.
Over the years, Phil had searched tirelessly for Richard, including traveling overseas. However, there had been no news. Richard's remains were also nowhere to be found.
Hearing his brother's name now caused Phil to tear up, "Who's speaking?" he called out again, his voice trembling.
"What's going on with Mr. Moore? How could he hear us talking?" Leo was stunned. This had never happened before.
Unless someone had incredibly bad luck or horoscope, like Logan, they would rarely be able to see or hear spirits. The Grim Reaper wouldn't allow spirits to run around scaring people.
Wynter used her skilled reasoning and deduced, "Phil can't hear all of you. He can only hear Cody."
Cody was surprised but excited as he looked at Phil. However, his excitement quickly turned to confusion when he realized Phil seemed oblivious to his presence.
"Is his eyesight failing?" Cody asked Wynter worriedly.
Wynter reassured him to remain calm and then turned to the old man, whose brows were furrowed in confusion. "Mr. Moore, I'm somewhat different from others. You might have guessed as much before."
Phil, quick-witted as ever, caught on immediately. "Are you referring to your abilities as a medium? There is something present here. I didn't mishear, did 1?"
"Yes, and he knows your family," Wynter admitted.
"My brother..." Phil muttered emotionally before asking Wynter, "Ms. Quinnell, could you describe what the spirit looks like?"
Wynter nodded and lowered her voice. "He's a young boy who doesn't realize he's passed away. In fact, he thinks he's still in the special era.
Chapter 712 Dealing with My Older Brother
"He mentioned that he came from the front lines. To conceal his identity, he dressed up as a paperboy. He said that he needed to deliver a letter to Grandpa. He's a heroic spirit."
Wynter's final remark addressed Leo's earlier confusion. Cody dared approach the Quinnell family's memorial hall because he was a heroic spirit.
A heroic spirit was someone who bravely sacrificed their life for their country.
Leo, having never seen such a young heroic spirit, blinked in surprise.
Phil looked visibly emotional. His throat tightened, and his hands m trembled as he reached out to touch. cody. "Ms. Quinnell, has that generation returned?" 
"Yes." Wynter gently held Phil's hand before continuing, "You can't touch him. Right now, he's just a part of a soul it's unusual for such a fragment to exist on its own. If you touch him, he might disappear." 
Normally, spirits that roamed the world were at least somewhat stable in their appearance. However, it was concerning that Cody's spirit was unstable. 
Moreover, what kind of power allowed such a spirit to travel so far?
Wynter had many questions that she wanted answers to, but she also knew the spirit wouldn't speak unless Fabian was present.
"Mr. Moore, could you please let my grandpa know I'm waiting for him in the study? Please also ask Albert to come," she instructed.
###chapter713
Chapter 713 Fabian Receives the Letter Phil didn't know what Wynter had planned, but he always carried out her requests without question.
It wasn't just because she was now the Quinnell family's head, but also because he trusted her to handle anything.
Fabian, who was a light sleeper, woke up quickly. After hearing Phil explain the situation in detail, he hastily got up, forgetting his slippers in his rush.
Despite his usual skepticism about the supernatural, he urged, "Hurry, take me to the study."
A heroic spirit from the front lines...
Fabian didn't forget the Quinnell family's ancestral principle to provide whatever others needed upon request.
With his cane's support, he hurriedly went to find Wynter, anxious to understand why the heroic spirit was here.
Although Phil was also curious, he didn't forget to summon Albert first.
When Albert woke up, Jolene, who was sleeping next door, stirred as well. She draped a coat over her shoulders, her long hair flowing in a soft cascade.
"Al, what's going on? It's so late at night. Is everything all right?"
"It's nothing serious. Grandpa's looking for me. You should go back to sleep," Albert said calmly.
Jolene bit her lip and replied, "Was it because I looked for Mr. Quinnell Senior earlier? If that's the case, I should go with you. We can deal with the matter together."
Albert frowned as he turned to face Jolene. "You looked for Grandpa?"
Before Jolene could respond, Phil lifted his arm and smiled. "Mr. Albert, Ms. Quinnell is also at the study.
It shouldn't have anything to do with Ms. Horton."
Phil couldn't disclose the heroic spirit's presence to others.
However, Jolene still wished to accompany Albert. "I upset Ms. Quinnell earlier. Al, I'm afraid..."
Her eyes were sincere and reflected her genuine concern that his family might force them to break up.
When Phil saw Albert contemplating Jolene's request, he quickly intervened, “Ms. Quinnell isn't the type to hold grudges. If there are any issues, I'll speak with her on your behalf tomorrow morning."
Albert opened the bedroom door and said to Jolene, "You should go back to sleep. Just let Mr. Moore know if you need anything."
Jolene reluctantly relented. All right, but promise you'll keep me informed of anything." With a determined look, she added, "I won't leave you alone this time."
Albert nodded before following Phil out of the room.
Although Phil kept silent, he was relieved Albert hadn't let his emotions cloud his judgment.
The study was reserved for business discussions. If Albert had brought Jolene along, Fabian would surely have been disappointed and upset.
Suddenly, Albert remarked, "Mr. Moore, I know what's important."
After a short pause, Phil replied, "That's good."
Meanwhile, Fabian had arrived at the study. When he saw Wynter, he asked, "Where is he?"
Cody, who was seated across the room, lifted his head. He jumped off the wooden chair and gazed intently at Fabian's face and the photo behind him. 
There was no mistake. This was the man Cody was looking for-Fabian Quinnell.
Wynter gently guided Fabian over to prevent any accidental collision. "He's on your left and here to deliver a letter to you." 
Fabian nodded eagerly and replied, "Okay, I'll accept it. Quickly ask him to show me the letter's content!” 
###chapter714
Chapter 714 Albert Knows Cody suddenly realized that Fabian couldn't see him, either. He turned to Wynter and asked, "I can hear Mr. Quinnell Senior talking, but why can't he hear me?"
"It's nighttime now," Wynter replied vaguely. "Shall I pass him the letter while you're here?"
Cody nodded. He had placed the letter close to his heart, beneath several layers of clothing. The content was only revealed when Wynter touched the paper.
Fabian immediately took the letter. Its age was evident, the ink somewh blurred.
The writing seemed like a dying man's last words. "Don't sign the Western agreement. Beware of traitors taking advantage of the situation and pay close attention to="
The sentence ended abruptly. The author didn't have time to complete the letter.
Fabian's hand trembled as he leaned toward Cody. "Young man, what comes after this?"
"I'm only responsible for delivering the letter. I don't know the rest," Cody replied, looking confused.
Unable to hear Cody's reply, Fabian turned to Wynter. To facilitate communication between the two, Wynter signaled Leo to activate his resentment and sweep past Fabian.
In the next instant, Fabian caught sight of Cody through the mirror. Though hazy, his voice was audible. It was evident that Cody had forgotten almost everything except delivering the letter.
Fabian's queries were met with blank responses from Cody. However, there was one thing that Cody remembered. "Mr. Quinnell Senior, you need to send someone promptly."
"I should send someone? To where?" Fabian asked in confusion.
Cody hesitated.
To where? How could he forget the destination? He knocked his head in frustration, and murmured, "How could I forget where to go?"
Wynter observed him with a pensive gaze.
The letter didn't mention any location, yet Cody's demeanor reflected his uneasiness. From a psychological perspective, it was a subtle cry for help.
Although others might overlook it, Wynter could detect Cody's underlying worry. However, he wouldn't have such emotions if his task was simply to deliver a letter.
What else could be troubling a spirit?
Wynter couldn't afford to dismiss Cody's unusual demeanor. She took the letter from Fabian, her fingertips grazing the worn edges of the paper.
Just then, Phil and Albert stepped into the study, the former eagerly seeking Insights into Cody's message Albert, oblivious to the unfolding scene, offered a faint smile as he turned to Wynter. "Did you send Phil to Chapter 714 Albert Krows.
fetch me? Are you unhappy with your future sister-in-law?"
Wynter motioned for Cody to appear before Albert and Phil.
"Albert, we'll address your concerns later. But for now, take a look at this," e.
Wynter said, guiding Albert 
toward the mirror.
Albert widened his eyes when he caught sight of the additional m reflection in the mirror. "Is he wearing a military uniform?" 
It wasn't just any military uniform, but one from the special era.
Albert, a pragmatic man, found the situation surreal. He never imagined meeting someone who had passed away.
Fortunately, Tobias had previously mentioned Wynter's unique abilities Albert was in their group chat. Hence, able to maintain his composure despite the astonishment in his eyes.
"Wynter, what's happening?" 
###chapter715
Chapter 715 Wynter Informs Albert Wynter went straight to the point. "He came here to deliver a letter to Grandpa. Something must be going on down there."
"Down there?" Albert asked in puzzlement.
Wynter wanted to ask Cody about Richard's whereabouts. However, the letter in Wynter's hand reminded him there were more important things to do.
"Master, there's something wrong with him," Leo reminded worriedly.
Cody was indeed acting oddly. A dark mist trailed behind him, and he struggled to recall the destination. His eyes betrayed his inner turmoil-a troubling indication of potential descent into evil.
"He's behaving like a bound spirit," muttered Leo, his voice barely audible. "It's quite strange."
Wynter listened intently, her gaze lowered as she pricked her finger. Next, she drew a warding symbol directly behind Cody.
Given that Wynter wasn't skilled at drawing talismans, she attempted to stabilize his soul with her spiritual energy.
Leo exclaimed, "Master, are you extending his lifespan?"
Wynter neither confirmed nor denied it, but when she glanced back at Cody, he appeared considerably calmer. His eyes met Wynter's, evidently regarding her as his sole confidante.
"L... I've forgotten where I need to return," he confessed.
"Just take your time to remember. There's no rush. When you arrived, someone must have seen you," Wynter reassured Cody gently.
"Someone" referred to the spirits near the train station.
Cody nodded and held Wynter's hand tightly. "Now that the letter's been delivered, I need to return quickly. Everyone is waiting for me."
Listening to their exchange, Albert grew increasingly convinced that Wynter's abilities went far beyond a basic understanding of fortune-telling. She seemed more adept than any master his father had introduced him to.
"Mr. Moore, please help me prepare the luggage. We'll take the old-fashioned train. I'll need you to order the tickets as well," Wynter instructed.
This was the only way to trace Cody's path accurately.
"Don't worry, Ms. Quinnell. I'll take care of everything," Phil assured her, though he was concerned. "Are you okay with the conditions on the old-fashioned train?"
While Phil and Fabian could endure the harsh conditions, he wasn't sure if Wynter could manage.
"I've ridden it before," Wynter replied while handing the letter to Phil. "There's another piece of paper. It's a family letter, signed by Richard Moore. The writing is reversed, so you'll need to read it correctly."
Phil's eyes welled up as he took the letter.
Fabian turned to Wynter, his voice trembling with hope. "Wynter, are you saying that Richard might still be alive?"
Phil's eyes brightened at the possibility. However, Wynter shook her head and explained, "Only spirits write in reverse."
Wynter meant to say that the person who wrote the letter was no longer alive. This was further supported by the fact that a heroic spirit had delivered the letter.
Phil gripped the paper tightly. "Thank you, Ms. Quinnell. Even if we can't find his body, at least we should find his spirit."
For years, Richard had wandered as a lonely ghost. He was never honored as a martyr because his remains were never found With his age catching up, Phil's greatest wish was to bring his brother's spirit home before he passed.
"I'll go pack the luggage!" Phil said emotionally.
Wynter stopped him. "Mr. Moore, I'll take Wolf with me. You need to stay at the Quinnell residence. I'm only ΕΠ. assured if you are by Grandpa's side.
"Plus, Cody knocked on the memorial hall's door when he arrived.s@you'l e
need to keep an eye on that." 
After a brief pause, Wynter continued, "Albert's matter hasn't been resolved yet. I don't want Grandpa to leave Kingbourne now." 
###chapter716
Chapter 716 Fabian Knows of Wynter's Dreams Albert raised an eyebrow in confusion. "Me?"
"That's right, Albert. What do you think of Ms. Horton?" Wynter asked directly.
Albert turned to Fabian and smiled. 'Hasn't Grandpa mentioned it? I'm sure Tobias would have shared that Jolene and I have been together."
"I wanted to discuss this in detail with you later," Wynter glanced at Cody before continuing, "but now I need to get straight to the point. It might sound strange, but I feel like I've lived through this before."
Albert frowned. "Lived through this before? What do you mean?"
Wynter met his gaze steadily. "Albert, imagine that in a past life, I was brought back from the countryside. However, no one ever accepted me.
"Everyone believed Naomi Quinnell was the true heiress, and I was just an ignorant girl from the village. I didn't know how to fit in or what to talk about.
"Compared to Naomi's charm and wit, I always failed to meet expectations. Over time, you all grew disappointed in me, and the Yarwoods broke off the engagement.
"I lost all value, and Shane Quinnell sent me off to the family's rural house where I eventually died. What would you do then?"
Fabian interrupted, his voice thick with emotion, "Wynter, don't talk about yourself like that!
"No matter what happens, you will always have my support. I would never let you be cast aside. You are my granddaughter!"
The old man's voice trembled with concern. "My dear, how can you say such things about yourself?"
Fabian couldn't bear to imagine the scenario Wynter described. "As long as I'm alive, everyone must acknowledge that you are the Quinnell family's rightful daughter. No one can change that!
"And if anyone dares to mistreat you, I'll be the first to defend you!"
In Wynter's dream, Fabian was always there, protecting her when he could. He didn't say much but did everything for her.
Even when he was almost lifeless, he thought about seeking support from the Yarwood family to be her final shield.
Wynter squeezed the old man's hand. “Grandpa, I know you would never abandon me, but back then, you fell seriously ill.
"The company was in chaos, Elliot and Tobias were gone, and Rowan was entangled in a murder case. You couldn't take care of me. Grandpa, please promise to always take care of your health!"
Perhaps Wynter's vivid recount struck too close to reality. Fabian feared that when he passed away.
someone might mistreat his granddaughter.
Chapte: 716 Fabian Knows of Wynter's Dreams
Albert said, "Wynter, that situation will never happen. I will protect you."
"Oh, really, Albert?" Wynter asked, looking up at him. "Would you still think that if wasn't as knowledgeable as I am now?" 
Albert replied with a serious expression, "Wynter, we share the same blood. No matter what you become, you will always be my sister.
I won't let anything like that happen." 
With his fists clenched, Albert added, "No one can bully you, not even Dad!"
This was exactly what Wynter needed to hear. She looked at Albert and said "Albert, everything I just said 
is true.
"Ever since Grandpa brought me back, I
###chapter717
Chapter 717 Albert's Decision
"He didn't even make it to the hospital before he stopped breathing," Wynter said in a serious tone.
Albert's and Fabian's eyes widened in shock. They couldn't dismiss her words as merely a dream. After all, it concerned Tobias.
Phil couldn't help but ask, "So, was that why you showed up when Mr. Tobias was filming that show?"
"It was a coincidence that I met him then," Wynter replied softly, lowering her gaze. "But I'm grateful I was there. The same goes for what happened with Rowan. Grandpa, Albert, I can't just treat these as mere dreams."
Fabian's hand trembled as he gently patted Wynter's head. "Don't be afraid, Wynter. Grandpa's here."
"But it's not over yet, Wynter continued, lifting her gaze to meet Albert's. "Albert, back then, Grandpa called you back to help.
"Just like today, you ran into Ms. Horton at the airport. Our family was in turmoil then, and Grandpa was counting on you to help us tide through. But after Ms. Horton showed up, you and Grandpa became estranged.
"Grandpa financed Ms. Horton's studies abroad, and she accepted it. After she returned, she claimed that she wanted to earn Grandpa's approval through her efforts.
"In my dream, this didn't happen. You found out by chance and felt that Grandpa was controlling everything, even your love life.
"The company's shareholders pressured Grandpa, and your unpredictable stance led to his eventual removal as CEO."
As Wynter spoke, Albert visibly trembled, losing his usual composed demeanor.
He closed his eyes in distress and said hoarsely, "I never intended for my feelings to drive a wedge between Grandpa and me."
"That's why I'm asking about your feelings for Ms. Horton, Albert, do you know what news Grandpa received on his deathbed?
"During your engagement party with Ms. Horton, you fell into a coma. Grandpa passed away, and she ended up with your company shares."
Albert's composure shattered. "That's impossible! The company's shares are vital to the Quinnell family. I would only entrust them to Sebastian, who understands how to run the business."
"After acquiring the shares, the first thing Ms. Horton did was to kick Sebastian out of the company," Wynter interrupted Albert, laying out the facts plainly. She wanted her brother to understand the gravity of the situation.
Wynter waited anxiously for Albert's decision, fearing he might side with Jolene. Her heart was suspended in uncertainty.
Albert's eyes reddened. He was filled with conflicting emotions. "Are you saying there's something wrong with her?
I suspect Ms. Horton has ulterior motives. You can verify it for yourself," Wynter replied.
Albert clenched and unclenched his fists before saying. "It was indeed too coincidental to meet her at the airport. I've been wondering how it happened just like that.
"Who do you think orchestrated her to approach me, Wynter? Could it be Dad?"
Albert continued with a note of mockery in his voice, "It's highly possible. Our father is really something else."
Chapter 718 Albert Helps Wynter Wynter heaved a sigh of relief. Albert was proving to be smarter and more responsible than she had anticipated. His resolve reassured her.
Albert noticed the relieved expressions on Wynter's and Fabian's faces.
Although he hadn't interacted with Wynter much, he knew his grandfather well. Fabian had always been decisive, never before showing such hopefulness. It was as if he feared being blamed by his grandson. Albert's throat tightened with guilt and pain. From Wynter's description, he could sense the helplessness and despair Fabian must have felt. He couldn't imagine how hard it must have been for him. Regardless of Jolene's intentions, it was wrong of Albert to make Fabian deal with it. Although Albert wasn't raised by Fabian, and many believed they weren't close, he knew better.
As his eldest grandson, Albert remembered the joy his birth had brought to Fabian. All these were captured in old photos and recounts from his mother, He recalled how Fabian had held his hand when he was five and taught him to write with a pencil, Others said Fabian had a bad temper and was strict. Shane often complained about Fabian's adherence to tradition.
But Albert, now an adult, could make his own judgments. He'd heard Fabian speak of poets and future. plans for the company.
It was clear that outsiders had underestimated Fabian's ambitions. They didn't understand the difference between an entrepreneur and a businessman.
And here he was, jeopardizing his grandfather's legacy over a romance.
"Grandpa, I'm sorry for causing you to worry." Albert said, breaking the silence.
Fabian paused, then patted Albert's back. He finally felt relieved after worrying the whole day. "I've been too stubborn. From now on, let's discuss things together." 
Albert looked down and reflected on how he might have misunderstood Fabian over a romantic entanglement N if Wynter hadn't shared her insights that day. He was sure to regret his decision for life. 
"I'll investigate Jolene Horton," Albert said, using her full name to show his seriousness. "I won't reveal my suspicions to avoid alerting her.
"If Wynter's dream is accurate, the mastermind might not just be our father," Albert speculated, displaying his strategic thinking. "Since they've targeted me, I might as well play along and see who they are." 
Albert's suggestion aligned perfectly with Wynter's plan. She needed to leave with Cody, and having Albert handle the company would ensure its safety. "Let's follow Albert's plan." Wynter agreed while folding the letter. "I'll take care of this matter.
###chapter718
Chapter 718 Abert Helps Wynter
"Meanwhile, Albert, keep an eye on the company, especially for any loads on Gabby and why those shareholders are so closely linked to her. I've gotten a few leads previously, but I suspect there's more to uncover."
It would explain why the company changed so drastically overnight.
The one thing that puzzled Wynter was Shane's competence in managing the company. Why did the shareholders remain so loyal to him despite everything?
Albert found this puzzling, too. "I'll investigate thoroughly. Don't worry about the money. I've transferred some to your account.
"I've never taken the old-fashioned train, but I've heard of it. You can buy several adjacent seats or even a sleeper."
Wynter chuckled and replied, "Albert, it's not as bad as you think Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
Play Chapter 718 Albert Helps Wynter Wynter heaved a sigh of relief. Albert was proving to be smarter and more responsible than she had anticipated. His resolve reassured her.
Albert noticed the relieved expressions on Wynter's and Fabian's faces.
Although he hadn't interacted with Wynter much, he knew his grandfather well. Fabian had always been decisive, never before showing such hopefulness. It was as if he feared being blamed by his grandson. Albert's throat tightened with guilt and pain. From Wynter's description, he could sense the helplessness and despair Fabian must have felt. He couldn't imagine how hard it must have been for him. Regardless of Jolene's intentions, it was wrong of Albert to make Fabian deal with it. Although Albert wasn't raised by Fabian, and many believed they weren't close, he knew better.
As his eldest grandson, Albert remembered the joy his birth had brought to Fabian. All these were captured in old photos and recounts from his mother, He recalled how Fabian had held his hand when he was five and taught him to write with a pencil.
Others said Fabian had a bad temper and was strict. Shane often complained about Fabian's adherence to tradition.
But Albert, now an adult, could make his own judgments. He'd heard Fabian speak of poets and future plans for the company.
It was clear that outsiders had underestimated Fabian's ambitions. They didn't understand the difference between an entrepreneur and a businessman.
And here he was, jeopardizing his grandfather's legacy over a romance. "Grandpa, I'm sorry for causing you to worry," Albert said, breaking the silence.
Fabian paused, then patted Albert's back. He finally felt relieved after worrying the whole day. "I've been too stubborn. From now on, let's discuss things together."
Albert looked down and reflected on how he might have misunderstood Fabian over a romantic entanglement if Wynter hadn't shared her insights that day. He was sure to regret his decision for life.
"I'll investigate Jolene Horton," Albert said, using her full name to show his seriousness. "I won't reveal my suspicions to avoid alerting her.
"If Wynter's dream is accurate, the mastermind might not just be our father," Albert speculated, displaying his strategic thinking. "Since they've targeted me, I might as well play along and see who they are."
Albert's suggestion aligned perfectly with Wynter's plan. She needed to leave with Cody, and having Albert handle the company would ensure its safety.
"Let's follow Albert's plan," Wynter agreed while folding the letter. "I'll take care of this matter.
Chapter 718 Albert Helps Wynter
"Meanwhile, Albert, keep an eye on the company, especially for any leads on Gabby and why those shareholders are so closely linked to her. I've gotten a few leads previously, but I suspect there's more to uncover."
It would explain why the company changed so drastically overnight.
The one thing that puzzled Wynter was Shane's competence in om managing the company. Why did the Moshareholders remain so loyal to him despite everything? 
Albert found this puzzling, too. "I'll investigate thoroughly Don't Worry about the money. I've transferred 
some to your account.
"I've never taken the old-fashioned train, but I've heard of it. You can buy several adjacent seats or even a 
sleeper."
Wynter chuckled and replied, "Albert, it's not as bad as you think."
###chapter719
Chapter 719 Sebastian Heard Was it really okay? Albert had read about it online.
Without further comment, he transferred an additional sum of money to her account. The amount was enough for not only booking multiple seats but potentially an entire train carriage.
Wynter felt a warmth in her heart as she savored the feeling of being cared for by her brother.
Phil insisted they only leave the next day. However, Wynter glanced at Cody and said, "We're leaving tonight."
Traveling during the day would make Cody's spirit more unstable. Additionally, they could encounter more spirits who might provide clues during nighttime.
Phil prepared everything Wynter might need-thermoses, pre-cut fruit, and bread. Wynter handed it all to Cody. "We'll buy everything else we promised you when we arrive."
Cody looked puzzled. "This is already more than enough to feed everyone for days."
Wynter chuckled. "We're picking up a friend along the way. He's strong and can help carry what you can't."
The "friend" she referred to was Wolf.
Fabian still seemed worried. "Wynter, are you sure it's enough to just bring Wolf?"
"Don't worry, Grandpa. Wolf is very capable," Wynter assured him with a smile. Fabian muttered, "I've only seen him being very capable of eating."
His concern was almost endearing. He knew Wynter had kept most of her bodyguards with him for protection.
Albert also felt worried and insisted on sending a secretary along.
Wynter teased, "Albert, do you think anyone is suited to work at night?"
Albert hesitated. "Well, certainly not."
His secretary would likely resign on the spot if she saw what Wynter was dealing with,
"Grandpa, just wait for my updates." Wynter turned and continued, "Don't worry, I'll keep you Informed."
Fabian, leaning on his cane, nodded and added, "Wolf eats a lot. Phil, get more meat for them to bring along."
Phil nodded as though he planned to empty the entire kitchen.
"That's enough, Mr. Moore. I've got money from Albert, and there's food on the train," Wynter said, straddling her scooter.
/193abashan Heard She gestured for Cody to hop on behind her before continuing, "Albert, tell Tobias I'll be back before his show airs. Tell him not to go alone."
Albert nodded solemnly in response.
Wynter secured her helmet and rode off slowly, ensuring her departure was quiet.
Upstairs, neither Jolene nor Tobias realized what was happening m However, Sebastian stood in the opposite hallway. He lowered his gaze and met Albert's eyes. 
*Sebastian? How long have you been there?" Albert asked, stopping in his tracks.
"I heard Wynter talking about her dream," Sebastian replied, his tone revealing little emotion.
His profession demanded he conceal his feelings. Among his siblings, he was also the least straightforward.
Unlike the others, Sebastian had always felt a natural aversion tom Shane. Few knew that until he was nine, Sebastian had developmental delays and was highly sensitive. 
As the fourth child, he was often overlooked and belittled. In fact, m Shane despised Sebastian and ve constantly compared him unfavorably to their cousin. He felt disappointed and embarrassed to have a son like him. 
###chapter720
Chapter 720 An Agreement Between Brothers As a child, Sebastian blamed himself for failing to understand Shane's words.
While other children scored perfectly on their assignments, he couldn't grasp what the teacher was saying.
Sebastian frequently heard his father saying, "How could I have a son like you? You're a disgrace to the Quinnell family's name."
Sebastian knew it was an insult because of Shane's angry tone. He believed it was his fault and wondered if all children with developmental delays felt the same.
If only he could be normal, maybe his father wouldn't be so disappointed in him.
This need for approval fostered a people-pleasing personality in Sebastian. It was hard to imagine the legal world's renowned "smiling fox" had once struggled with the need to please others.
Everything changed when Sebastian was 11. His transformation began the day his baby sister, Wynter, reached out her tiny hands.
He was the first person she wanted to hold. Despite Tobias' constant attempts to get her attention, Wynter ignored him.
For the first time, Sebastian felt a sense of belonging and family. Wynter's small, soft hand in his gave him a new purpose.
Tobias was always straightforward and handsome despite his often reckless behavior.
But Sebastian only wanted to grow up quickly so that he could protect his younger siblings. Initially, his endeavor faced resistance, and his self-serving father refused to let him off.
Fabian was deeply concerned about Sebastian's recovery, so he took him under his wing, providing him with meticulous care. Sebastian had never envisioned the Quinnell family's downfall, but.....
"Do you reckon it was merely a dream, Albert?" Sebastian asked.
Albert retrieved a lighter to ignite his cigarette. After a short pause, he said, "Wynter recounted the story in such detail. It couldn't be just a dream."
"So, we stood idly by, witnessing her expulsion from the Quinnell family," Sebastian clenched his fists before continuing, "all because of a sponsee with an unknown background? If that's the case, I'll despise myself."
Albert lowered his gaze. "I know. After hearing the story, I hate myself the most." He extinguished his cigarette nearby. "I abandoned all of you for a fleeting romance and caused the Quinnell family's downfall.
Sebastian averted his gaze, tacitly acknowledging Albert's words. "Tomorrow, I'll transfer all my shares to Wynter. You can decide what to do with yours."
Albert didn't hold any grudge against Sebastian's bitterness. "I understand your point. The extra shares have could complicate things for Wynter when she takes over the company.
ened An Agreement Between Brothers
"It's just a youthful infatuation. We can't predict what will happen next. You should include my shares in your contract, and I'll sign it along with yours."
Albert and Sebastian shared a silent understanding as they exchanged glances.
From the tales about Wynter's actions in the group chat, they knew she was always alarmed. However, they hadn't realized the reasons for her concerns until now.
Despite dreaming about everything that had happened in the Quinnell family, Wynter still chose to return. They owed everything to her.
"I'm not doing a great job as an older brother," one of them admitted.
"None of us are," the other replied.
Meanwhile, Jolene had no clue that Albert was no longer the same e m
person she once knew. 
Indeed, she had ended up at the airport following someone's arrangement.
Her years abroad had been tough.
Jolene had long regretted her past decisions. In order to obtain citizenship, she dated a foreign boyfriend. 
She had been content and never thought leaving her homeland might have been a mistake. Compared to youthful romance, securing her future was more important. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise, Reward!
###chapter721
Chapter 721 Dalton the Cath Cow
Chapter 721 Dalton the Cash Cow Jolene had long grown tired of the monotonous life back in Cascadia.
Life abroad seemed so much better, with everyone's open-minded attitudes. But she hadn't expected that the so-called openness came with conditions.
She disliked the restrictions at home, so she fled abroad. There, she wasn't restricted, but she faced.
domestic violence from her boyfriend.
Since her boyfriend was local and she was a foreigner, she wasn't under the country's protection.
Jolene was in despair, but at least she had a fallback.
She didn't intend to approach Albert with ulterior motives, but even Shane agreed they should rekindle their relationship.
This, to Jolene, was true acceptance-a legitimate entry into the family.
However, Albert's reaction seemed too indifferent.
Jolene reassured herself, "It's okay. Take it slow. Reminding him of the past will soften him up."
She knew that Albert had always been a sentimental person.
She had been too foolish before. If it hadn't been for someone pointing it out, she wouldn't have known about the company's shares. Instead of going abroad, she should have stayed and become Albert's wife.
"Living in a place like this would certainly bring joy."
Jolene admired the house's decoration. Even a single lamp here cost thousands of dollars, not to mention the paintings on the walls.
As an art major, she was particularly sensitive to these details.
With Albert's support, she believed she would soon have her own gallery and company. She couldn't wait for that day to come.
Outside, a fog had settled in. It was around 4:00 am, so it was still dark.
Early risers, like those preparing to open their shops to sell breakfast, were already up.
Near the train station, older workers often spent the night on benches when it wasn't very cold. For them, hot toast in the morning was a real treat.
Wolf felt the same way. After receiving Wynter's call, he slung a big black bag over his shoulder and headed out.
Before leaving, he asked Margaret for his birth certificate.
Yes, Wolf now had an official ID and was a resident of Kingbourne.
To board the train, children under 16 needed to show their birth certificates.
Chapter 720 An Agreement Between Brothers
"It's just a youthful infatuation. We can't predict what will happen next. You should include my shares in your contract, and I'll sign it along with yours."
Albert and Sebastian shared a silent understanding as they exchanged glances.
From the tales about Wynter's actions in the group chat, they knew she was always alarmed. However, they hadn't realized the reasons for her concerns until now.
Despite dreaming about everything that had happened in the Quinnell family, Wynter still chose to return. They owed everything to her.
"I'm not doing a great job as an older brother," one of them admitted.
"None of us are," the other replied.
Meanwhile, Jolene had no clue that Albert was no longer the same person she once knew.
Indeed, she had ended up at the airport following someone's arrangement.
Her years abroad had been tough. Jolene had long regretted her past decisions. In order to obtain citizenship, she dated a foreign boyfriend.
She had been content and never thought leaving her homeland might have been a mistake. Compared to youthful romance, securing her future was more important.
Chapter 721 Dalton the Cash Cow Jolene had long grown tired of the monotonous life back in Cascadia, Life abroad seemed so much better, with everyone's open-minded attitudes. But she hadn't expected that the so-called openness came with conditions.
She disliked the restrictions at home, so she fled abroad. There, she wasn't restricted, but she faced domestic violence from her boyfriend.
Since her boyfriend was local and she was a foreigner, she wasn't under the country's protection.
Jolene was in despair, but at least she had a fallback.
She didn't intend to approach Albert with ulterior motives, but even Shane agreed they should rekindle their relationship.
This, to Jolene, was true acceptance-a legitimate entry into the family.
However, Albert's reaction seemed too indifferent.
Jolene reassured herself, "It's okay. Take it slow. Reminding him of the past will soften him up.
She knew that Albert had always been a sentimental person.
She had been too foolish before. If it hadn't been for someone pointing it out, she wouldn't have known about the company's shares. Instead of going abroad, she should have stayed and become Albert's wife.
"Living in a place like this would certainly bring joy."
Jolene admired the house's decoration. Even a single lamp here cost thousands of dollars, not to mention the paintings on the walls.
As an art major, she was particularly sensitive to these details.
With Albert's support, she believed she would soon have her own gallery and company. She couldn't wait for that day to come.
Outside, a fog had settled in. It was around 4:00 am, so it was still dark.
Early risers, like those preparing to open their shops to sell breakfast, were already up.
Near the train station, older workers often spent the night on benches when it wasn't very cold. For them, a hot toast in the morning was a real treat.
Wolf felt the same way. After receiving Wynter's call, he slung a big black bag over his shoulder and headed out.
Before leaving, he asked Margaret for his birth certificate.
Yes, Wolf now had an official ID and was a resident of Kingbourne.
To board the train, children under 16 needed to show their birth certificates.
Chapter 721 Dalton the Cash Cow
Wolf stood there waiting, munching on a toast, and holding a bunch of stuff. Even Cody couldn't help but glance back at him.
Yet, he didn't dare to approach him as he felt a strange heat around Wolf.
The other three spirits reacted differently. They vanished as soon as Wolf arrived, never mind approaching him.
"Master, I'll go get someone." With that, Leo disappeared near the ticket gate.
He was indeed looking for someone.
With his eerie presence, just a slight command could summon 100 spirits. But today, not a single spirit dared to come. 
Leo sneaked back while Wolf wasn't paying attention and whispered, "Master, they're too scared to come with Lord Chaos here."
Wynter raised an eyebrow, Just as she was about to think of a solution, she noticed a figure approaching through the dense fog.
The figure seemed to have a crow perched on his shoulder, or maybe it was just a shadow.
As he came closer, his black trench coat and white shirt became visible. They were tailor we gaviously meticulously tailored. On his wrist hung a striking scarlet rosary bracelet. 
He looked cool and noble, with a presence so commanding that it seemed to warn others to keep their distance.
It was none other than her handsome fiancé.
Wynter was surprised. "What are you doing here?" Dalton coughed lightly and smiled as he glanced at Wolf behind her.
Wynter turned to look at Wolf. "Did you tell him?"
Wolf nodded and pointed to his phone, indicating that Dalton hadh transferred him money. In Wolf's eyes, he was a cash cow worth keeping around. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise
###chapter722
Chapter 722 Suppressing His Presence Wynter was speechless. Was this considered an unhealthy practice among the family?
She didn't want to rain on Dalton's parade, especially since he was already a cash cow being ripped off.
Bending down slightly, she whispered to Wolf, "Do you really want this pampered scion to come with us? He can't handle a train ride. Are you going to take responsibility for the aftercare?"
Look at Wynter using such professional jargon.
Wolf's eyes gleamed as he gestured, "If he faints, I'll carry him. Leave it to me!"
Wynter raised an eyebrow. Before she could respond, Dalton had already stood in front of them. His voice was as pleasant as ever as he said, "What's wrong? Is the money not enough?"
No wonder Wolf liked taking jobs from him. Such an eager and wealthy client was hard to resist. Even though Wolf was personally wary of Dalton, the latter's attitude was impeccable.
Wolf's little face lit up, and he raised his hand to increase the price.
Wynter quickly covered his mouth and glanced at Dalton. "It's an old-fashioned train. Can you handle it?"
"You'll be there to take care of me, right?" Dalton chuckled near her ear. "Weren't you discussing the aftercare?"
So, he had heard everything.
Despite Wynter's usual shamelessness, openly talking about overcharging in front of the cash cow was a bit embarrassing.
She cleared her throat. "Not entirely."
Dalton looked at her with his deep eyes. "Do you just not want to take me along? You've been busy for so many days. You should spend some time with me."
As he spoke, his profile looked lonely. Even his tone carried a light sigh Wynter finally understood why men couldn't resist women who feigned innocence. Honestly, even she found it hard to resist such a good-looking face when he wasn't making a fuss.
Dalton's gaze shifted to Cody nearby. "Besides, you need my fortune."
"Can you see me?" Cody hadn't planned to show himself. But apart from Wynter, Dalton was the first person who could see him without assistance.
Upon hearing that, Dalton raised an eyebrow and then looked at Wynter, as if to confirm his guess that Cody didn't know he was already deceased.
Wynter gave a slight nod.
Dalton fiddled with the bracelet on his wrist. No wonder Wynter wanted to use her life span to save this spirit.
Chapter 722 Suppressing His Presence When Dalton learned about it, he was indeed furious.
Wynter clearly understood the importance of her life span. Each use would deplete it, yet she still used it so recklessly.
When Dalton narrowed his eyes, Wynter was the only one unaffected.
The three spirits shrank into a huddle, not daring to approach, let alone other spirits.
Wynter could forget about asking for directions. After all, no one would dare to come forward.
Wynter seemed to realize this issue, m
so she placed a copper coin in M Dalton's pocket to temporarily suppress his presence. 
Normally, this method would work, but Dalton was not ordinary. 
Dalton glanced at it and then and laughed. He darkened his gaze, suddenly, the atmosphere around them returned to normal. 
Watching from a distance, Leo found the scene strange.
If they hadn't met Dalton before, they might have thought he was just an ordinary human.
###chapter723
Chapter 723 A Lead After Dalton suppressed his presence, he took out an emerald necklace and put it around Wolf's neck.
Wynter was puzzled. What was he doing?
Dalton smiled faintly. "It's an item from Mr. Stavius. It was kept on Mt. Dragon. He said it can reduce the Chaos' murderous intent."
No one bought it. That necklace didn't resemble anything from Mt. Dragon.
The emerald was carved into a skull shape. Since when did Mt. Dragon have such aesthetics? That necklace obviously came from the underworld.
Upon hearing Dalton's explanation, the three spirits rolled their eyes in unison, but none dared to speak. the truth.
They were genuinely afraid they would be gone if Dalton raised a hand.
Wynter's gaze also lingered on the skull for a few seconds. She then raised her eyebrows slightly.
"Quite unique," she remarked, though her tone didn't sound like praise.
Wolf, on the other hand, seemed to like the necklace very much. He even bit down on it and confirmed it was indeed a piece of genuine emerald.
that Seeing his reaction, Wynter didn't say much. After all, the necklace really did its magic.
The most obvious change was that there wasn't a single wandering spirit within a mile radius just a moment ago. But now, they had started to flock toward them.
Usually, spirits at the train station were travelers from distant places when they were still alive.
After death, they either didn't realize they were dead and continued to travel or were like the middle-aged man holding a package in front of them.
?
He urgently shouted, "Get out of the way! I need to hurry back and tell my family where I am."
The number of spirits increased in an instant.
Apart from their pale faces, they look just like normal morning commuters. There were even women passing through security with children in their arms.
The variety of beings was not limited to the living.
They seemed unaware of any differences between Wynter and themselves. One even stopped to ask her for directions. "Miss, does this train go to the hills?"
"Yes," Wynter replied.
Amidst the hustle and bustle, a spirit bumped into Dalton.
Watching that scene from the side, Leo took a sharp breath..
However, the spirit didn't notice anything wrong. None of the spirits even realized Chaos was there.
Leo exchanged a glance with the twins. In that instant, they understood what the emerald necklace was.
for.
Without the interference of Wolf's murderous intent, Leo quickly used his connections to bring in many more spirits.
"Master, these have all been wandering around this area for the past ten days."
Wynter questioned each one, but none of them had any recollection of Cody.
It was the old man who had asked Wynter for directions earlier who provided a clue. Putting down his package, he turned and said, "I've seen this kid before. Doesn't he remember? He boarded the train at Alryne station," 
I
"He was too hungry, so I offered him some biscuits, but he refused. He said that he couldn't take things from the citizens."
Finally, there was a lead, Wynter naturally wanted to ask for more details.
"Other details? Oh, I remember now," the old man said as he put away his e & pass. "He said the old trains weren't liken. thelord this! one, and he didn't know how to ride them. 
"Originally, he hadn't planned to go to Alryne, but after arriving, he realized
ΠΙ
he had boarded the wrong train. So, he switched to the train I was boarding to find someone in Kingbourne." 
"Did he say where he came from?" Wynter asked.
"Why don't you ask him yourself, miss?" The old man was puzzled.
Wynter's voice was soft as she replied, "As you know, spirits who have just passed away forget things until their consciousness awakens."
###chapter724
Chapter 724 He Must Feel Terrible
"This kid hasn't awakened?" The old man's tone rose, but he was afraid others would overhear. "Miss, this is quite serious. If he hasn't reported to the underworld, he'll be punished if caught."
For some spirits who had just passed away, accepting their death was usually difficult. In the first seven days, they would try everything possible to return to their bodies.
Some, realizing they couldn't return, would try to possess others, hoping for a chance at a new life. But to do so, they had to avoid the underworld guards' notice.
The events of a person's life were all recorded in the underworld ledger.
When a person breathed his last, the underworld guards would appear to capture his spirit and then take it to register for their awakening Spirits who hadn't awakened would continue to linger in the human realm. They would easily be influenced by the surrounding emotions, leading to resentment. The longer they stayed, the heavier the resentment grew.
These spirits could then turn into evil spirits. If resentment continued to escalate during this period, the evil spirit might become a malevolent spirit.
Leo and the twins were perfect examples.
Hence, it was important for spirits to register in the underworld and then get scheduled for rebirth.
For those unable to be reborn, they would undergo punishment first. Those who had committed numerous sins in life would face judgment after death.
Some spirits were afraid of punishment, so they were reluctant to register for consciousness awakening.
Many people would pass away each year. It was normal for there to be three or four spirits escaping during busy times for the underworld.
However, they couldn't get away for too long.
The old man suggested, "Miss, it's better to have him awakened sooner rather than later. He can always come out again after registration if he has any unfinished business."
At that moment, an elderly woman passed by and said, "Miss, you guys haven't been dead long, have you? I can still smell your human scent.
"Don't act recklessly about this matter. We all have seven days to go back and see our family, anyway. The first seven days are like our holidays. You don't have to rush back now."
As the elderly woman spoke, several spirits nearby nodded in agreement. Otherwise, if they turned Into evil spirits, they would be marked down by the underworld guards and might even be reborn as animals.
Another helpful spirit also tried to persuade Wynter. "Everything is digitized nowadays. It's easy to check Miss, you really can't hide from the underworld guards."
Chapter 724 Hp Must Feel Terrible Wynter seemed quite popular among the spirits.
Wolf stood there, resisting the urge to gulp everything down in one go.
The spirits thought he was just shy and didn't like to talk. Well, Wolf indeed couldn't speak, but when he opened his mouth, it wasn't just about speaking.
This misunderstanding was quite delightful, to the point where Leo's heart was pounding anxiously.
"Alright, I understand what you mean. Thank you all," Wynter said as she pushed Cody forward.
She turned back to the man from before. "Sir, I'll need you to thinkm carefully about where he came from. Only then can I know where to take him once I've registered him." 
The old man was reminiscing.
Memories after death weren't as m
clear as when one was alive, But When Cody left a deep impression on him. Cody had said he boarded the wrong train somewhere. 
"Swinford! This kid came from Swinford. He said many people were being suppressed by something there. They were waiting for him to come back and save them.
"He must hurry and not forget. He repeated that phrase all night. Yes, that's it!"
The old man looked into Cody's eyes with pity. "He was muttering that all the way not eating or drinking. but he still forgot. He must be feeling terrible." 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
###chapter725
Chapter 725 The Underworld Guards Are Here Swinford?
Wynter seemed to have realized something. Her eyes deepened. "The Swinford that is close to Hawford?"
The old man nodded.
Without hesitation, Wynter took out her phone and booked the earliest train to Swinford, securing three seats. Luckily, it wasn't peak season, so there was no need to fight for tickets.
However, just as she was about to take Cody Into the station, two figures suddenly appeared.
They were dressed in suits, one in black and the other in white, both wearing skull face masks.
The man in the black suit held an iron chain, while the one in white looked at his tablet. "There's something unusual here. Why are there so many spirits?"
As they approached, they intended to avoid the living and work as usual, so they didn't pay much attention to Wynter and Dalton, It wasn't until the man in the black suit noticed Cody. "He's a heroic spirit who shouldn't be here. His merits have faded. He's showing signs of resentment... Wait, there are other smells on him."
"Let's take him back first. He's surrounded by too many spirits. It's not easy to deal with," the man in the white suit said.
He then turned to the other spirits. "You should hit the road. Come back before the end of the holiday. Don't make Grim and I go after you."
The old man immediately picked up his package. "I'll leave now, sir."
The spirits quickly entered the station. Before leaving, some kind-hearted spirits glanced at Wynter's group, advising them not to resist.
The man in the black suit, Grim, didn't think much of it and was about to swing the soul-locking chain.
"Wait, I feel a malevolent spirit here." The man in the white suit, Vesper, sniffed before shifting his gaze to Wynter, wondering if that smell had come from her.
Yet, he quickly brushed off that thought. If any malevolent spirits wanted to harm her, they, as underworld guards, would have sensed it.
Wynter stood there with clear eyes, looking calm and composed, as if she could see them.
Vesper chuckled self-mockingly. "I must have been overworked lately. I'm having illusions. Grim, go ahead. There's no problem here."
But in the next moment, Dalton, who had been silent, suddenly spoke calmly.
"According to the underworld handbook, heroic spirits are different from other spirits. It's paramount to let them return to their homeland. Am I right, gentlemen?"
Chapter 925 The Underworld Guards Are Here When Dalton raised his gaze, both Grim and Vesper were somewhat petrified.
What was going on? A human seemed to know the rules and regulations in the underworld handbook better than they did.
And most importantly, he could see them! What about Wynter?
Vesper suddenly turned around, realizing that she was indeed looking at him. Nwas not his imagination.
Grim calmed himself down before asking, "Which sect do you two belong to? Mt. Dragon? Mt. Thorpes?
Or are you two a medium's apprentices?"
He asked that because ordinary people who witnessed their om appearance would usually bow and show their respect. 
But these two individuals treated them like ordinary workers, as though they were no different from the spirits around them.
This made Grim feel like his authority was challenged. "We're doing gun jobs as underworld guards. Don't disturb us, humans. You better hand him over to us." 
###chapter726
Chapter 726 in Deep Trouble Upon hearing Grim's words, Leo and the twins exchanged glances. They silently agreed that Grim was in deep trouble.
The lord of the underworld was right there.
Though they weren't worried, others were.
Some spirits who had left returned and pleaded, "Sir, look at the kid's attire. It's obvious that he didn't pass away recently. Can't you cut him some slack and let them register two days later?"
Vesper also noticed Cody's peculiar outfit, but underworld guards had their rules.
"Whatever he wants to do, we'll escort him. Even if he's a heroic spirit, once he leaves his designated area before officially receiving the title, he'll attract resentment, which isn't good for the living."
Cody was at a loss at this point.
Pass awau spirit? Did that mean he was dead?
He looked at his hands and realized they were still intact and unharmed.
No, something didn't feel right.
He pressed his hand against his head, and his eyes started to turn slightly red.
Seeing this, Grim was ready to act, but his iron chain seemed to have a mind of its own. He couldn't swing it, no matter how hard he tried.
Grim raised his hand, but the iron chain pulled him backward.
All the s in the underworld were imbued with spiritual energy, often housing famous spirits throughout history.
Grim's iron chain could lock away all spirits, good or evil. But a situation like today's was unprecedented.
?
Dumbfounded, Grim threatened in a low voice, "What's going on with you?"
As he said that, he was about to swing the chain again.
At that moment, Dalton, who was standing nearby, lifted his eye casually.
Grim's iron chain suddenly turned around and ran away!
Not only was Grim shocked, but even the nearby spirits were astounded. It was the first time they had seen a soul-locking chain run away on its own.
Grim and Vesper were both bewildered.
Vesper's tablet completely crashed. There was no way he could continue working.
What was going on? What was so special about this heroic spirit that even the underworld s were. afraid of him?
Chapter 726 In Deep Trouble
00
Grim and Vesper were losing it. How could something like this happen during their shift?
"Is the system malfunctioning?"
"How would I know? I'm not a technician."
"This is getting ridiculous. Hold on, Grim, why is your name in the Ledger of Souls?"
Vesper waved his tablet around, catching the attention of a breakfast cart attendant passing by.
It was quite a scene at the bustling train station entrance. Even if a living person witnessed it they'd probably just think they were seeing some overworked employee going mad and toiling away at any and any place. 
time
The attendant couldn't bear to see a young man like this. "Young man, calm down. Don't these electronic devices have backups? Look, your friends are still waiting for you to check in at the station. 
"Why not get some coffee first? The earliest train isn't leaving for another half an hour, and the food stalls inside the station aren't open yet."
The underworld guards froze at her words.
It should be noted that underworld guards were not allowed to appear in front of the living. Violating this rule meant either forfeiting ten years' worth of salary or enduring an additional hundred years of service in the underworld. 
After all, underworld guards were humans once.
They tried to keep up appearances, pretending the attendant wasn't addressing them but the people next to them.
Vesper turned around and said, "Hey, she's asking if you guys want coffee."
###chapter727
Chapter 727 Dalton's Identity Grim was desperately pulling Vesper away and urging him to walk away silently like him.
At that moment, Wynter seemed to realize something and spoke up with a smile. "Is she asking us? I think she seems to be asking-"
"Three days!" Vesper quickly interrupted her. "We'll give you three days. After that, we must take him away.
Wynter raised an eyebrow. "Okay, cool. Yeah, the attendant was indeed asking us."
With that, she turned to the side and said, "Two cups of hot coffee and one milk, please. Thank you." She quickly paid for her order.
"Sure thing. Coming right up!" The attendant started working on Wynter's order on the breakfast cart.
The guilty underworld guards took advantage of this opportunity and disappeared on the spot. Known for their terrifying reputation, they had never fled so hastily before.
It was truly bizarre. Why was their existence suddenly revealed to the living? It was still half an hour until dawn.
Tonight's events were all too strange. They were determined to investigate it when they returned underground.
No one suspected Dalton, especially with his frail and delicate appearance. He was just standing silently next to Wynter while occasionally coughing softly.
Except for the three spirits, no one noticed the subtle threat conveyed by his faint smile.
If it were them, they wouldn't dare to approach, either.
The soul-locking chain truly lived up to its name. It recognized its master within a second.
If the three spirits had any doubts about Dalton's identity before, they were now 100 percent certain that he was the rumored underworld lord.
After all, only he could scare the soul-locking chain into revealing its essence. After confirming Dalton's identity, the three spirits dared not even breathe loudly.
Silently, they moved closer to Wynter and wondered if they should remind her of the prominent figure standing right beside her.
But Chaos was also there. Why didn't he recognize his master?
Leo had many questions. He had been around longer than the twins and had heard some spirits mention it before.
The underworld lord always carried Chaos with him wherever he went. According to legend, Chaos shouldn't even exist in this world anymore. Every time it appeared, it heralded great calamity.
27 Dallen's Idemity
972
All spirits had to obey heaven's will.
Nowadays, human fortune was more important than anything. Most of the fortune in the world had been bestowed upon humans.
As a result, spiritual energy grew scarce. This led to the downfall of the ancient beasts, who were resigned to their fate.
Hadn't the lord already sealed himself away? It was said that his soul was scattered in different places. Why would his true nature appear here? Didn't the people in the underworld know about this?
Leo stole a glance at Dalton.
Dalton, of course, noticed Leo's gaze.
When he looked over, he extended his slender fair finger and lightly placed it on his lips. 
Within the black mist, he looked even more sinister than the underworld guards.
Meanwhile, all of Wynter's attention was focused on the underworld guards, so she overlooked this.
"It seems that Atwater's words can be useful in critical moments m derworld guards aren't allowed to reveal themselves in front of the living, or they'll be punished." 
But why did they just reveal themselves out of nowhere? Or Was there e
something that forced them to do 
so?
As Wynter pondered, her gaze shifted backward, toward Dalton's direction.
###chapter728
Chapter 728 Recalled His Memory Dalton gently placed his hand on Cody's head.
Cody's soul was unstable. His eyes, surging with resentment, slowly regained their previous dullness with Dalton's touch.
Under the enveloping purple aura, there seemed to be a blessing from above, at least from Wynter's perspective.
However, Cody's stabilization wasn't just due to Dalton's heavenly luck. The most crucial reason was his intimidating identity.
Any spirit in front of him could only bow and submit.
Puzzled, Cody looked up. Tm already dead. Everyone else is dead, too. Richard was stabbed in the back while protecting me"
Cody muttered to himself, "Wait, no. There's something else. I forgot... I've forgotten something important.
Wynter gently held his restless hand. "It's okay. We can retrieve all your memories. Let's go to Swinford now Finally, the group passed through the ticket checkpoint.
All this while, Wolf remained quiet. Unexpectedly, he didn't comment about the underworld guards smelling delicious when they appeared.
It seemed that he had learned to restrain himself after putting on the necklace Dalton gave him. At the same time, his eyes would occasionally shimmer with a hint of gold.
Wolf remained adorable. He held up his birth certificate for the ticket inspector to see as they passed through the manual gate.
The inspector glanced at it and then at Wynter. "Siblings?"
Wynter nodded.
Γ
The inspector then looked at Dalton. She couldn't help but take a closer look.
These three people, especially the man, didn't seem like they would ride an old- fashioned train.
Dalton indeed exuded an air of affluence wherever he went. After all, he was born into nobility. Having a refined demeanor was only natural.
As soon as the three entered the train carriage, the smell of pasta filled the air.
The train was packed, with people almost rubbing shoulders.
Seeing this, Wynter quickly booked three berths. Dalton could sleep on the bottom berth, while Wolf on the middle berth.
Chapter 728 Recalled His Memory She then took Cody to walk around the carriage, hoping it would help him remember something else.
Meanwhile, Dalton couldn't possibly sleep on a berth. He couldn't stand the smell around him. After all, he had grown up among the riches, Wolf, on the other hand, continued to watch him while munching on bread. He could eat wherever he was.
Every time Dalton moved, he followed suit, as if eyeing a criminal.
"50 thousand dollars. I'm going to stretch my legs. You stay here." Dalton then added, "And don't tell her about what you sensed before we boarded."
Wolf stood up to tag along.
Dalton lowered his gaze. "100 thousand dollars."
Wolf hesitated for a moment, as if struggling internally.
Dalton raised the stakes. "A bag of diamonds and a golden pillow."
Wolf gestured with his hand, asking where Dalton was going and what he was going to do.
Dalton chuckled mysteriously. "Has your brain been fried? Did you not notice that something is wrong 
with this train?"
As he spoke, heavy fog began to form outside the train.
Carriage No. 6 was a standard-seat carriage.
Wynter let Cody walk ahead of her. The familiar environment indeed helped his memories become clearer.
He had sat on a similar train before.
He departed from Swinford and m change trains twice before arriving, 
at Kingbourne.
"Foplyans!" Cody suddenly stopped and grabbed Wynter's sleeve. 
###chapter729
Chapter 729 Someone Was Worshiping Them Wynter didn't immediately respond to Cody's words. Instead, she pondered for a moment before turning on her phone.
She showed him videos and photos to let him see that it was quite normal for some ordinary Foplyans to appear in Cascadia.
"We also go to Foplya for cultural exchange and trade nowadays."
Cody watched for a while and finally understood that things were different from back then..
But his following reaction was intense. "They're not ordinary Foplyans! They're the ones who bullied us back then! And they're armed!"
"Do you mean that they're the Foplyan troops?" Wynter's eyes darkened. "You're all spirits living in the same place?"
Cody mumbled, "It doesn't seem like the same place. They have food and drinks. They're living it up."
Food and drinks? On Cascadian soil?
This was basically impossible, considering that they were war criminals who invaded Cascadia.
That is, unless someone was worshiping them.
Wynter suddenly remembered the letter's contents, which clearly warned her to be cautious of traitors.
But even if someone was worshiping them, the war criminals couldn't possibly suppress Cascadia's heroic spirit in the underworld.
After all, public opinion had always been paramount throughout history. What form of worship could surpass it?
What exactly happened here that could deceive the underworld and even heaven?
wynter to into contemplation. This was the first time she had encountered such a situation. Even Atwater hadn't mentioned it.
Cody could only recall some of his memories.
Just as Wynter was about to take him back to the berth to rest, a child's cry suddenly came from nearby.
Wynter turned to see a middle-aged woman sitting there with her head wrapped in a scarf. The child in her arms was crying uncontrollably, as if suffocating.
However, the woman didn't pay him any attention. She just adjusted the blanket around the child.
The child immediately stopped crying, and even his presence became much weaker.
Wynter's eyes flickered with suspicion.
On an old-fashioned train like this, the lights would be turned off at night.
Und Sections Was Worshorel Thatn The people in the carriage were all asleep. When they reached a station, a few people got off occasionally. No one noticed the woman's abnormal behavior.
Wynter flicked a copper coin with her fingertip.
Leo, who had been pretending to be absent, immediately responded when Wynter shook him: "Yes, Master."
"Turn into a one-year-old child. I'll hold you."
Leo was puzzled but obediently transformed. He was already sucking on a pacifier, so being held by Wynter didn't feel out of place.
After making preparations, Wynter walked toward the woman with the child in her arms.
She looked like a harmless, innocent college student with a naive expression. "Miss, do you have baby formula? My brother is hungry. If you SS Miss do you have bab have some, I'd like to buy some from you." 
The woman looked up at Wynter, then waved her hand dismissively, showing no intention of speaking.
Wynter didn't get a good look at her features, but she noticed the child in her arms had already fallen into deep sleep.
This child had been drugged.
As Wynter frowned, a burly man suddenly bumped into her shoulder.
"What are you looking at, young lady?" 
Frowning, the woman said hoarsely,
"Did you see me talking to her? She's just a college student asking to borrow some baby formula. Why are you so loud?" 
###chapter730
Chapter 730 Karma
"Fine, fine. Whatever you say." The burly man, Kenneth Gilbert, then glared at Wynter. "We don't have any baby formula. Go borrow it somewhere else."
Wynter immediately turned and left, like she was scared.
But she had actually taken a photo to explain the situation to the railway police later because she had discovered something suspicious.
Not only was this carriage strange, but there were also many women with children on the train. All of them boarded late at night.
Additionally, Kenneth had tattoos on his arm. They were patterns that only outlaws would have.
The railway police alone might no be able to control the situation now.
In this carriage, at least ten people were from the same group.
The middle-aged man with glasses smoking at the carriage connection was the lookout, while the ones playing cards and drinking were just distractions. The noisier they were, the less likely the women with children would be noticed.
This s was o organized and premeditated. Wynter couldn't alert the enemy. She needed someone to keep watch here while she went to find the railway police.
Leo clearly couldn't handle it. Any resentment related to children would affect him.
Wynter instinctively wanted to call Wolf over, but before she could send the message, Dalton was already standing beside her. He said softly, "Those people just now seemed suspicious."
After saying this, he coughed lightly. "I saw them exchanging glances. The one at the door was recording.
She had to admit that Dalton was indeed clever.
"You keep watch here. I'll go find the railway police," Wynter said while placing Leo in Dalton's arms. "Hold him. It will reduce your intimidating presence."
Looking at the little guy in his arms, he smirked with a hint of mischief. "Okay," he replied softly.
Leo, who was trying to escape back to the copper coin, froze with the pacifier in his mouth.
This was more unbearable than having his soul scattered. He could barely hold onto the pacifier.
He stretched out his hand, hoping Wynter would look back at him. But Wynter had already left for her business.
At this moment, Dalton lowered his eyes to look at him. He spoke in a cold, indifferent voice, "Do you really want me to hold you?"
Leo's small body stiffened. He immediately resumed his spiritual form. He didn't dare hide at all. Trembling, he called out, "Master."
Chapter 730 Kamma
"She's your master now. Don't call me that." As Dalton talked, he had already made himself invisible.
He glanced toward the other carriage and said, "You're practically the king of children now. Such strong resentment can easily attract tribulation. You should know what to do."
Leo stood straight on his short legs. "I'll handle it now!"
Standing nearby, Cody watched in confusion as Leo landed on Kenneth's shoulder and blew a breath into his ear.
Immediately, he shivered and turned to look at the child in the woman's arms. "Did he just speak?"
"How could that be? He's just a baby." 
tension.
Kenneth shook his head. He looked weary. "Don't blame me I didn't wan choosing the wrong place to be born." 
you. Blame yourself for
"What nonsense are you talking about?" Worried he might slip up, the woman pulled him aside.
Fortunately, most people were asleep and didn't pay attention to them.
But then, Kenneth's behavior became increasingly bizarre. He waved his hands and shouted that soldy om the hospital you, not me! I'm just the delivery guy. Don't come near me! Go away!" 
His shouting woke most of the people in the carriage.
###chapter731
Chapter 731 Human Trafficking Organization
"What does that mean?"
"Who knows?"
People craned their necks to look in Kenneth's direction.
Soon, one of the men on the train stepped forward and grabbed Kenneth. "He's my man from the village. He's drunk and talking nonsense."
As he spoke, he punched Kenneth in the abdomen. "What's wrong with you?" he whispered.
"Ezra, I..." Kenneth wanted to say something but then saw a pale-faced baby clinging to his shoulder and staring at him menacingly.
The baby was one he had sold before.
Kenneth collapsed into his seat and mumbled, "Ezra, there's a ghost! The baby ghosts have come for us!"
A ghost?
Almost all the passengers on the train were awake and buzzing with noise.
Ezra Caldwell grabbed Kenneth and said through gritted teeth, "Shut up. What are you babbling about?"
The women with children also turned to look at Kenneth..
Ezra's eyes were fierce as he slammed his bracelet on the table. "You're drunk. Stop rambling."
The bracelet was unique. It was a string of sandalwood beads that smelled fragrant. They appeared well-worn, with a patina on their surfaces, giving them an inexpensive look.
However, those experienced could tell that the sandalwood was old, and each bead bore a carved divine statue. It was a properly consecrated .
Even Leo, a malevolent spirit, had to shield his eyes from the bracelet's light, not to mention Cody. He nearly had his soul scattered by the sight.
But more intimidating than the bracelet was Dalton, who stood holding a black umbrella.
With just one glance, he identified the bracelet's origin and smirked disdainfully. "He's full of righteous talk but worships filth."
"Master, it's a sacred item." Leo floated under Dalton's umbrella. "They have someone backing them."
With a smile, Dalton lowered his umbrella, and Ezra's bracelet shattered with a crack.
Ezra, who had been full of malice a moment ago, froze.
He had never been afraid of anything in this line of work, whether it was people or the ghosts Kenneth mentioned.
The medium had chosen him for this delivery task. The item he wore could suppress any evil spirit, harte, 731 Human Trafficking Organization rendering even the underworld guards equally matched.
For years in this business, he had never seen any spirits, not just because of his ruthlessness but also because the bracelet could suppress evil.
But now it had shattered!
Ezra felt a pang of unease. He looked up but saw nothing.
Meanwhile, Kenneth in the seat became more frenzied. He grabbed others' bread and devoured it like a madman.
Aside from him, the other traffickers also felt a chill down their necks.
When Ezra looked up again, he saw many small footprints throughout the carriage. As he looked back, their previously trafficked goods were now staring at them with empty eyes. 
The cause of all this was beyond their guessing.
It all happened because Dalton at the carriage connection-said, "Come out, everyone. Find who harmed you, but be careful not to disturb the other passengers." 
Instantly, a thick black mist enveloped carriage No. 6.
By this time, Wynter had found the railway police.
At first, the railway police thought she wanted to charge her phone and didn't pay much attention.
However, she went straight to the point. "Hi. There's a human trafficking organization in carriage No. 6. Please contact the conductor and stop at the next station." 
###chapter732
Chapter 732 Caught Them All in One Go Wynter continued, "I suspect some of them are foreign mercenaries."
The railway police officer, Archie Booker, was stunned for a moment. "Young lady, have you been reading too many vels? Our inspection system is very strict. It's impossible for there to be any foreign mercenaries."
"Normally, yes," Wynter said while pulling up the photo on her phone. "But their hand gestures are strange, and all these women are holding drugged children."
After seeing the photo, Archie immediately stood up. It was obvious he had never encountered such a serious situation before since he was quite young. "I'll go report this right away."
"There's no time to report it. Where is the train broadcasting station? Please take me there." Wynter looked up.
Archie hesitated. According to regulations, they couldn't just enter the locomotive or the broadcasting station without permission.
Sensing his hesitation, Wynter made a call directly. "Inform the conductor and the person responsible for train K122 to have all railway police on board cooperate with my actions immediately."
"Yes, boss!" The voice on the other end was excited, but he didn't waste any time. While answering the call, he was already contacting the command center. All of this took only three minutes.
When Archie received the notification, he looked at Wynter with disbelief.
Observing the commotion at the other end of the carriage, Wynter spread her hands and took the walkie-talkie.
Her voice was low as she said, "Greetings, everyone. I'm the leader of the special action team, 001.
"There's no time, so I'll get straight to the point. The exact number of opponents is unclear.
"Carriage No. 6 gave us a reason to make an emergency stop at the next station. To avoid civilian casualties, we'll conduct targeted arrests and containment."
She then asked, "Is the conductor here?"
The voice from the walkie-talkie responded immediately, "Yes!"
"Please broadcast a message, stating that due to weather conditions, the train will make a temporary stop of approximately half an hour at the next station. Have the passengers wait patiently."
"Got it. I'll do it right away."
Wynter continued decisively, The rest of you, send three railway police officers to carriage No. 6. There's a commotion there. Your appearance should not appear abrupt."
Before she came, she had been thinking about how to make the railway police naturally blockade carriage No. 6.
Chapter 732 Caught Them All in One Go Yet, Dalton had solved this problem, which made things easier.
But his method...
Wynter looked around at carriage No. 6, which was full of spirits, then at Kenneth who had been scared out of his wits. She raised her brow and blended into the crowd.
Until she knew how many people the trafficking ring had, she wouldn't reveal herself. She looked like any other person in the carriage, watching as the railway police subdued Kenneth.
"Sir, your behavior has seriously disrupted order on the train. We now a police officer said as he handcuffed Kenneth.
have the right to detain you,"
Kenneth, who had originally resisted, suddenly became extremely cooperative when he realized that they anywhere as long as I can leave this train."
wanted to take him off the train. "I'm willing to go a The two railway police were somewhat surprised by how smoothly the capture went.
Some people, claiming to be from the same village, insisted it was all a misunderstanding.
However, they weren't keen on clearing Kenneth's name. 
Moreover, with his current state, even m if he were interrogated, nothing useful would come out of it. 
The people in the carriage were still discussing.
"What's with that guy? He's so creepy.'
19
"I don't know. He's been taken away. I saw his wife go with them."
"Have you heard the broadcast? We're making a temporary stop. We'll probably be delayed.” 
"Who cares about being late? Don't you find what the man just said strange?"
###chapter733
Chapter 733 Perfect Coordination It is strange. He said, 'It's the hospital that sold you and has nothing to do with me. Don't come near me. What can a hospital sell?"
"It sounds dangerous. It might be a shady hospital."
Carriage No. 6 suddenly became lively with people chattering and discussing the matter. In such situations, curiosity would naturally arise.
Meanwhile, a few people remained silent while watching the direction in which Kenneth was taken away. They were seemingly planning their next move.
Fortunately, the train made a temporary stop. This gave them time to redeploy.
The commotion wasn't due to their exposure but because someone had inexplicably gone mad. Given the special circumstances, they didn't want to abandon their mission halfway.
It required a lot of preparation to deliver the babies. They needed to do so much while avoiding surveillance.
It wasn't worth disrupting the whole operation because of one person. The best solution was to find someone to fill in for Kenneth.
The lookout was shrewd, observing every movement closely. However, he couldn't possibly imagine that a young lady would be the mastermind behind their entire operation's end.
Wynter had straightforward reasons for instructing the conductor to make an announcement.
First, it was to lower the opponent's guard. Second, it was to buy time for the SWAT team to disguise themselves and enter carriage No. 6.
In the carriage, the women holding the babies and the eight people guarding them were waiting for the train to depart.
The mercenaries were unafraid. One woman couldn't help but look back and quietly ask, "Ezra, could it really be some spirits catching up to us? After all, our business isn't exactly clean."
Ezra shot her a warning look, signaling her to keep quiet.
However, at that moment, small footprints appeared again. This time, Ezra, whose bracelet had been damaged, noticed them.
It was exactly as Wynter predicted. This was Dalton's doing. The two of them stood at opposite ends of the train carriage, perfectly positioned to support each other.
Meanwhile, disguised SWAT officers had seamlessly integrated into the surroundings of each suspect.
On the other hand, Dalton simply dusted off imaginary ashes from his sleeve, causing a dozen spirits to emerge and latch onto the shoulders of those they held grievances against.
Some of the mercenaries suddenly felt an overwhelming weight on their bodies. Their arms felt weak, and their backs were unbearably heavy.
Seeing this, Wynter immediately issued a command through her walkie-talkle. "Now."
The SWAT officers had been concerned that the suspects might resist, be armed, or endanger other passengers in the carriage during the arrest.
Surprisingly, everything went smoothly. Almost as soon as they moved, the suspects were subdued.
Stunned by the scene, many uninformed passengers were left with their mouths agape.
Eight SWAT officers moved simultaneously. Their actions were swift and impressive, like a scene from a movie.
Among those arrested, only the women continued to struggle. The others were seemingly drained of their strength. Glancing at their shoulders, they repeatedly screamed that something was on their backs. 
One woman, clutching a child, protested loudly, "Officers, why are you arresting me? I'm just sitting here. quietly. I didn't do anything wrong." 
"Is that so? Is the child in your arms yours?" The SWAT officer's expression was stern.
The woman screamed, "Of course,
& officer it's mine! Look, officer Deven have my child's birth certificate here." 
As she spoke, she took out a birth certificate. It recorded the child's birthdate and confirmed that the child was indeed hers.
###chapter734
Chapter 734 Successful Arrest At once, Archie, who was investigating the woman, was in a dilemma.
They wondered if their superiors had made a mistake in judgment. After all, not every woman in this carriage with a child necessarily belonged to the human trafficking organization.
As Archie hesitated, the woman, Eloise Rogers, began to cry pitifully. "I'm just taking my baby back to our hometown. Officer, please have mercy. You can't simply arrest us.
"I'm just unlucky to have boarded this train. I should have come back a day later. My baby's grandparents are anxious to see her, so I hurried here. Who would have thought something like this would happen?"
When enforcing the law, what police officers feared the most was encountering such situations where it was difficult to determine if someone was good or bad.
Eloise's face looked kind, and she didn't seem well-educated.
Even the passengers nearby were pleading, "Officer, is there some misunderstanding here? I've seen this lady holding her child quietly the whole time and hardly speaking. She didn't even board the train with that group of people."
"Yeah, officer..."
On an old-fashioned train like this, where human connection was valued, it was inevitable that some passengers would speak up in such situations.
Archie was inexperienced, so he was considering whether to let the matter rest.
"The train is so noisy, yet the child hasn't woken up."
The person speaking was He didn't want any targets to escape and affect Wynter's mood.
"Birth certificates can be forged as long as the hospital cooperates. That big guy kept shouting that the hospital was involved." His tone was icy, but it sounded particularly pleasant in this environment.
Eloise stiffened noticeably at his words.
Smiling, Dalton mocked, "It's obvious that the hospital sold you babies."
As soon as he said this, the surrounding passengers widened their eyes and stared at the unremarkable woman.
"The hospital sold babies?"
"This woman is a human trafficker?"
"Disgusting bitch!"
It was natural that people would hate human traffickers. Now that they encountered one, they wished they could drown her with their curses.
After being exposed, Eloise shrunk her shoulders.
She had been in this business for so many years and had never thought she would be caught..
Those rookies getting caught were one thing, but she was experienced. She knew how to handle sudden situations.
But today, she couldn't escape, and those men were unreliable. They had all been caught all of a sudden.
Nevertheless, she was resolute not to give up so easily,
"His parents didn't want him in the first place. I'm giving him to people who need him!"
She suddenly kneeled. "I'm really not a human trafficker.
time I've helped his is the first En this deal. I didn't know it was illegal. Officer, I-" 
"You're not a first-timer." Wynter approached and interrupted her, "You have at least four ID your pocket, have ant name. What each with a ordinary person who knows nothing would bring so many IDs on a train?
Wynter continued, looking at the others who had been arrested behind her, "This isn't your first time. You're a veteran.
"You said the child was yours earlier, and now you claim you didn't know You trafficking human's was a crime. Your acting skills are superb, but you'll have plenty of time to act in jail. 
"Cuff her and take her away."
Wynter's last sentence was directed at the SWAT team. The inconspicuous woman was the real head of this human trafficking organization.
Eloise glared at Wynter fiercely, wishing she could kill her.
She remembered Wynter as the young lady who had come to ask for baby formula. How dare she deceive her?
###chapter735
Chapter 735 Shady Hospital Even within the organization, the members considered Ezra the head. No one knew Eloise was the real mastermind.
Eloise thought she could dodge the bullet. Even if caught, she had the excuse of acting under someone's orders. But with Wynter here, that seemed unlikely.
As someone who excelled in analyzing human behavior and psychology, Wynter had observed that before Ezra spoke, he would always look toward Eloise.
Although Eloise appeared to be an ordinary woman holding a child, and even Kenneth could scold her, she was the least panicked since the incident occurred. Moreover, while everyone else had spirits on their backs, she did not. She also possessed an capable of warding off evil, like Ezra's bracelet. That was why the spirits dared not to approach her.
Wynter reached out and grabbed the red string hanging around Eloise's neck.
In that instant, Eloise's face turned pale. She saw a dozen figures standing neatly before her. All of them were children she had once sold.
After Eloise was taken away, Wynter went to another carriage. It would be too conspicuous for her and Dalton to remain in carriage No. 6.
Moreover, Dalton could actually control the spirits. His approach was more efficient than hers as a medium in name.
"Why did you think of using spirits to screen them?"
Most people wouldn't use such a terrifying method. Wynter felt that something was different about Dalton. He looked like the person she had encountered in Hawford when she was in the formation.
encoun Dalton chuckled. Placing a fist by his lips, he coughed before saying, "It wasn't me. It was the little guy you left for me. He's quite clever."
"Leo?" Wynter raised an eyebrow and looked at the ethereal figure in the air.
Leo looked at Dalton awkwardly. "I'm... Yes, he's right. I'm quite clever. I came up with the idea."
He swore that if he said a word against it now, Dalton would definitely make him never find peace in the afterlife.
Wynter didn't delve into the reason. After all, the necklace she pulled from Eloise's neck intrigued her more.
"It's a Mystic Path's item." Wynter toyed with the divine statue pendant. "It seems that anyone can be blessed."
With that, she put away the pendant. "I need to go get some answers. Can you watch Wolf?"
With so many spirits around, Wynter was concerned that Wolf might swallow them one by one.
Naturally, Dalton agreed. He didn't want Wynter to inquire further about what those spirits were all about.
After his soul returned, he remembered many things, including her.
The person Wynter wanted to question was brought to the crew compartment.
The train returned to normal. Only the people in carriage No. 6 knew that plainclothes officers had come to arrest the traffickers, but they wouldn't know about the mercenaries. 
"Which hospital did you work with?" Wynter went straight to the point without wasting any time.
Eloise glared at her viciously, refusing to speak a word. It was as if she had made up her mind to remain silent until the end.
"How long do you think you can hold out without your divine statue?" m Wynter gesture for her to look at Ezra. "Look at him now." 
Only then did Eloise notice the thing lying on Ezra's shoulder. It was a child they had sold before.
Those children weren't just watching her. They would also lunge at her and seek her life!
This time, Eloise was genuinely scared. Trembling, she said, "Sandalwood Hospital."
"Sandalwood Hospital? No way!"
Sandalwood Hospital was renowned in the industry, situated in Archie's hometown. It had successfully treated numerous incurable diseases. 
###chapter736
Chapter 736 Presenting Lucas With a Gift 
Archie couldn’t believe it. “Tell the truth. Sandalwood Hospital is very reputable.” 
“I am telling the truth.” Eloise’s eyes were fixed in Ezra’s direction as her voice trembled. She was afraid that those children might also start leaning on her shoulders. 
Archie looked at Wynter. “But Sandalwood Hospital..” 
“Just because it’s reputable doesn’t mean there aren’t corrupt doctors inside,” Wynter said calmly, not dwelling too much on this issue. After all, there was the Gibson family back in Southdale 
Moreover, while one might lie when facing another person, they couldn’t bring themselves to do so when 
confronted with their inner fears. 
Wynter leaned closer to Eloise while propping her hands on the table. 
“Did they only provide birth certificates for you, or did they do something else? When these babies disappeared from the hospital, didn’t their parents seek help?” 
“Some parents did, some didn’t.” Eloise said as her hands trembled. “It depends on the situation. 
“If the parents are from a small place and their health is already poor, the hospital simply tells them that the baby was born premature and didn’t survive. 
“And then there are those parents who willingly sold their children. They could assist us with the 
procedures. There are all kinds of them.” 
Wynter’s gaze turned icy. certificates for the other 
The must be more than that. They could also i kidnapped children so that buyers could claim them, right?” 
Eloise stiffened before nodding. 
Archie was filled with shock and anger. “How could they do such a thing? That’s Sandalwood Hospital, 
the top hospital in our city!” 
“It wasn’t Sandalwood Hospital before,” Eloise said while shrinking her neck. “We only moved onto Sandalwood after Southdale’s hospital got into trouble.” 
Wynter’s eyes suddenly narrowed. She now had an answer for the clue that led to nowhere in Southdale. 
There were people above the few who were caught behind the incidents in Havenlight County 
It seemed she needed to present Lucas with a significant gift. 
Exiting the compartment, Wynter made a call to Lucas. 
Speaking of Lucas, his achievements in Southdale were both remarkable and steady. 
He not only eradicated lingering criminal elements but also 
developed the tourism sector in Southdale. 
Additionally, he fostered emerging industries by establishing supply channels for agricultural goods and enabling agricultural–based live streaming for sales. 
Most importantly, the local hospitals had undergone significant changes. 
The difficulty in obtaining medicine, excessive medication, and cumbersome examinations vanished. Recently, graduated medical students also received fairer treatment. 
Now, he was waiting to be transferred back to Kingbourne. 
Lucas‘ return to Kingbourne this time would be completely different from when he left. When he went to Southdale, the Kellers were facing a dilemma. 
Now, not only had Jackson’s health improved, but Lucas‘ name had also been mentioned repeatedly. 
The people of Southdale remembered his kindness and sent many gifts to express their gratitude. Some households from the mountains even walked dozens of miles to bring him local specialties. That way, they could express their gratitude for the improved roads and poverty alleviation in their village. 
Now there were more schools in the village, and every child could go to school with meals provided for them. 
All of this was thanks to Lucas. 
This was completely different from what Yvette remembered. 
In her previous life, Lucas‘ actions had drawn many people’s dissatisfaction. Even if he acted with the intention of benefiting the people, any move he made was met with restrictions due to the intricate local relationships. 
It was easy to imagine what fate ultimately befell him. 
###chapter737
Chapter 737 Changing Fate 
However, Lucas‘ fate began to change after he met Wynter. This was something Yvette, who believed she knew everything, still had no clue about. 
When Wynter dialed Lucas‘ number, he was packing up in his office. 
He was about to leave and wanted to take one last look at the place. 
His secretary, Juan Murphy, held a phone as he stood outside. 
With his recent promotion, there were even more people seeking his favor. Juan himself hoped to follow Lucas to Kingbourne so that his career prospects could be boosted. 
He was determined to discuss this matter thoroughly with Lucas when the latter finished his work. 
As a result, when taking calls, Juan didn’t hide his thoughts. He said directly, “Mr. Keller is in a meeting right now and can’t take calls. If you have a message, I can take a note.” 
I 
Wynter raised an eyebrow when she noticed that Lucas had a new secretary. “May I know when the 
meeting will end?” 
Juan frowned. “No.” He even wondered why this lady was so insensible. 
Noticing his attitude, Wynter smirked and said sarcastically, “Is Mr. Keller aware that his secretary acts like a bigger deal than him?” 
“What do you mean by that?” Juan was furious at her words. No one had ever spoken to him this way. People usually sought his favor. 
Unfazed, Wynter continued, “I mean, a secretary like you should be replaced before you cause any real problems.” 
“How dare you? Do you know the consequences of disrespecting a public official?” 
Juan’s outburst finally drew Lucas out of his office. “Who’s on the phone?” 
“Mr. Keller,” Juan replied dismissively, “it’s just some arrogant young lady. I think she’s-” 
“Give me the phone.” Hearing the word “young lady“, Lucas quickly took the phone. “Wynter, is that you?” 
Wynter’s tone remained unchanged. “Yes, it’s me. I have a case I’d like to give you as a gift to welcome you back to Kingbourne.” 
Lucas discerned the indifference in her tone. Gently, he called out, “Juan.” 
Juan’s face turned pale. 
He was surprised that Lucas knew the arrogant young lady on the line. And from his tone, it sounded like they were quite close. 
It wasn’t mentioned at all during the handover that Lucas had such a close relationship with a woman. 
Chapter 737 Changing Fate 
Realizing how rude he was earlier, Juan said, “Yes, Mr. Keller. It was just a misunderstanding. I had no idea about the relationship between you two. If I had known-” 
*Pack up your things and return to your previous position.” Lucas interrupted. “You’re not suitable to continue as my secretary.” 
Juan’s face drained of color instantly. He wanted to plead but couldn’t find the words under Lucas‘ gaze. 
He could already picture his future. 
Lucas didn’t have to do much. Just sending him back to his previous position was punishment enough. 
Previously, he had boasted about following Lucas to Kingbourne and looked down on many people. If they found out he was no longer the secretary, they’d mock him endlessly. 
Wynter wasn’t surprised by Lucas‘ decision. 
If Lucas had issues with personnel management, Jackson wouldn’t have taken him as an apprentice or frequently praised him to her. 
Wynter had natural respect for someone like Jackson, who devoted himself to the country. 
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
Clame 
Levine Delivery 
###chapter738
Chapter 738 Wynter Makes the Delivery 
Wynter also took Jackson’s words to heart, which was why she constantly took Lucas Into consideration. 
“The human trafficking case in Havenlight County has a breakthrough. Apart from those you previously arrested, there’s a big player involved, and they have ties to Sandalwood Hospital.” 
Lucas had considered many hospitals but hadn’t expected it to be Sandalwood. 
“Wynter, you really threw me a big curveball. People who can get Sandalwood Hospital to do things for them must hold a significant position.” 
J 
“Yeah.” Wynter explained concisely, “There’s a major issue with Sandalwood Hospital. 
“The children’s birth certificates held by the mastermind behind the child trafficking on this train were 
issued by Sandalwood Hospital. There are mercenaries involved, too. 
“Ordinary traffickers wouldn’t need mercenaries. I just asked, and the so–called mastermind doesn’t seem to know about the mercenaries among their people. I’ll keep investigating from my end. 
“In less than half an hour, there’ll be a report about child trafficking on a train. You can use Sandalwood Hospital as a starting point for further investigation.” 
Lucas understood this was a major case that would likely unearth a whole network of people. 
“I’ll get to work right away. But Wynter, why are you on a train?” Lucas thought that Wynter was in Kingbourne with the Quinnells. 
“I’m taking care of some personal matters.” Wynter glanced through the glass window at Eloise, who looked like she had been through a lot. “Anyway, I still have some questions I need to ask. I’ll leave the hospital corruption issue to you, Lucas.” 
Lucas wanted to say more, but Wynter was quick to end the call. 
Sandalwood Hospital… He needed to submit an investigation request to the higher–ups immediately. 
After Wynter hung up the phone, she entered the crew compartment once again. She took out the pendant and placed it in front of Eloise. “Where did you get this?” 
“I–I asked for it.” Eloise tried to take the pendant back. 
Wynter pressed down on it with one hand. “From whom? I want specifics.” 
“A medium,” Eloise told the truth./”I met him on this train. He gave it to me.” 
Wynter’s fingers traced over the pendant’s surface. On this train? 
That person was indeed cunning. Such an item wouldn’t have been casually given out on the train. 
This wasn’t a coincidence, but rather a precaution he took to prevent the leaders delivering the children from facing retaliation due to the children’s resentment. He provided them with these items in advance for protection. 
“What did the medium look like?” Wynter asked urgently. 
Eloise didn’t dare to lie. “I don’t know. It was dark on the train after the lights went out, and he was wrapped up tightly. I couldn’t see his face.” 
It was the same story again. Wynter had heard many people talking about this medium, but no one could describe what he looked like. 
Wynter changed tack. “There are so many children. Who receives them?” 
“There’s a guy named Trey. He waits for us at Swinford Station. When we arrive, he takes the children 
away.” 
Eloise was finally providing some useful information. 
Wynter only paused for a second before contacting the team. 
“Don’t send out a report on what just happened. Hold off for a day and keep an eye on online chatter. If anyone mentions this matter, use mystic arts to throw them–off.” 
“Mystic arts? Boss, didn’t you say superstition is not advisable?” The person on the other end was typing rapidly. “Everything else is fine, but we need L to handle the online matters. Boss, is L with you?” 
Wynter didn’t answer directly. “Focus on the other tasks, then.” 
“Got it. I’ll do my best to keep it under wraps. Did you find any leads?” 
Wynter’s voice remained calm. “Release a few of the captives and let them continue the delivery! 
###chapter739
Chapter 739 What Was So Special About Swinford 
“What?” There was a pause on the other end of the line. 
Continue the delivery? He couldn’t believe his ears. 
Meanwhile, Wynter had handed the phone back to Eloise. 
“According to what you just said, the person receiving the goods will definitely contact you.” Her tone. was cold. “In your line of work, there should be a clear point of contact. 
“I just checked your call history, and it’s been thoroughly wiped clean. How often do you usually contact 
each other?” 
Eloise hadn’t expected Wynter to figure this out too. “Every three hours.” 
Eloise looked at Ezra. “If they can’t reach Ezra, they’ll call me.” 
As soon as she finished speaking, Ezra’s phone started ringing. 
Eloise looked flustered. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “Answer the call and say something came up. Someone bumped into a few ghosts, but it won’t affect the delivery.” 
Eloise wanted to resist, but she was afraid that those children who would bite people would come after her again if she didn’t comply, so she answered. 
A voice on the other end sounded irritated. “What’s going on? Where’s Ezra?” 
Eloise repeated what Wynter had told her. 
The person on the other end grumbled, “What? I don’t care about ghosts. If it won’t affect the delivery, hurry up and come. Be more vigilant on the way. The boss is getting impatient.” 
Eloise relayed the information quickly, and the person hung up without much thought. 
Wynter chuckled lightly. “Well done. Now, tell me, what kind of secret code do you have? When we get off the train, I’ll join you in making the delivery.” 
Eloise widened her eyes in shock. Only now did she realize what Wynter was up to. 
If she couldn’t find out who the contact person was, she would blend in with the delivery people and see who ultimately received these children. 
What concerned Wynter was that these children were being sent to Swinford. What was so special about Swinford that could possibly make war criminals suppress a heroic spirit? And what was the deal with these children? 
All these questions would only be answered once they reached Swinford. 
Back in the berth, Wynter glanced at Cody, then at the pendant in her hand. 
Chapte 739 What Was Si pert tit ford 
Eloise had said that she met the medium on this train. 
Wynter’s eyes darkened. It seerned that absolute control over the information might not be possible. She could only take a gamble now. 
The next three hours were uneventful. Everyone went to sleep after discussing the recent incident. 
Dalton stood aside, looking out of place in the berth. 
Wynter told him to rest for a while. Given his delicate physical condition, he might catch a cold again if he didn’t rest and would need to rely on root herbs to replenish his energy. 
Dalton didn’t expect himself to be such a clean freak. 
He could restore his true nature, rendering himself impervious to the surrounding environment, but that also meant he would be exposed. 
So, he had no choice but to maintain his weak image and sit awkwardly on the lower bunk, feeling very uncomfortable. 
It wasn’t until a tired Wynter accidentally leaned her head on his shoulder that a faint smile appeared on his handsome face. 
Compared to his earlier tight expression with a furrowed brow, Dalton’s eyes now held a hint of indulgence that he had never had before. 
With his fingers entwined in Wynter’s long hair, he quietly watched her. Then he landed his thin lips on her eyes, as if kissing but not quite. 
“You probably didn’t expect us to meet again. I didn’t expect it, either, but our current relationship is quite interesting, isn’t it?” 
Wynter didn’t hear Dalton’s words. 
When she woke up the next day, the train had already arrived at their destination–Swinford. 
###chapter740
Chapter 740 The Medium Foresaw This 
Wynter was no stranger to Swinford. 
She loved this city. It was filled with romantic sycamore trees, and even the wind seemed. gentler here. 
The southern charm and rich history gave this place its unique allure. 
As soon as they got off the train, Cody seemed to come alive. He stared wide–eyed at the surroundings. This is it! I remember that bakery over there!” 
Wynter signaled for Wolf to take the luggage off the train while she headed into the crew compartment. Get ready. Make the delivery according to what you’ve said.” 
Eloise had been locked up for so long that her face looked worse for wear. 
The children had disappeared only after daybreak. Now, she was afraid of this young lady in front of her. 
But when it really came to the time to betray the organization, Eloise hesitated. “No, Fean’t. If the medium finds out I betrayed him, my life will be over!” 
“Isaac Levine.” Wynter didn’t mince her words. “You’re so ruthless toward other people’s children, but you care so much about your own. 
“It wasn’t easy for you to send him to Kingbourne to study, was it? He even lives in a school district.
” 
As soon as the name Isaac Levine was mentioned, Eloise stood up abruptly. “What I do has nothing to do with my son. He knows nothing. He’s been living at the school.” 
“Is that so?” Wynter’s voice was calm. “You managed to buy a house in the school district in Kingbourne. so easily, and Isaac is studying at a top–tier high school. 
“You know better than anyone how you earned that money. His admission to that school was also part of your deal. 
“How can you say what you did has nothing to do with him? He climbed up the social ladder by stepping on other children’s bodies.” 
Wynter’s eyes turned dark. “There will be retribution. Do you want to pay it now, or do you want those children to go after Isaac?” 
“No! Don’t go after my son! He still needs to study!” Eloise cried out. “Fine, I’ll take you to make the delivery. I’ll agree to whatever you say. Just don’t go after my son!” 
Wynter’s expression remained unchanged. Then, get yourself together, and don’t give yourself away. If they suspect something’s wrong and abandon the delivery, then your son…” 
Wynter tapped the screen of her phone, and Isaac’s photo appeared. 
Eloise immediately wiped away her tears. She realized that Wynter was heartless and crying to her was pointless. 
Chapter 740 The Medium foresaw This 
Wynter had no interest in pitying a human trafficker. The money Isaac spent was blood money from 
others. 
Therefore, threatening Eloise came without any remorse. 
After Eloise got herself together, Wynter had someone hand the child back to her. 
“This child…” Eloise looked at Leo’s face. “Isn’t he the one from earlier?” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “You just reminded me.” 
With that, she glanced at Leo, and the latter rolled over, changing his appearance. 
This sudden change startled Eloise so much that she nearly dropped the child she was holding. 
“He…” Eloise trembled all over. 
Wynter steadied her arm. “He’s usually obedient. As long as you don’t play any tricks, he’ll stay quiet in 
your arms.” 
Eloise’s face went pale as she stiffly nodded. Wynter was even more terrifying than she had imagined. 
Back in the village, she had heard stories of people raising baby spirits to serve supernatural beings. 
She wondered where Wynter learned her witchcraft. Not only did the railway police listen to her, but she could also control spirits. 
Did the medium foresee this situation? 
###chapter741
Chapter 741 Their Contact Is Here 
Eloise had never once talked about how powerful her revered medium was. 
Deep down, she had always believed the medium and the gods above would protect her and help her 
escape. 
She had never met the medium in person. But ever since she received the pendant, she took the medium’s words as the gods‘ command. 
She had garnered a lot of sins due to her line of work. However, the medium had told her that there was a way for her to wash away her sins. All she had to do was to come to Swinford every year and pray for blessings. 
After staying in the business for so long without problems, she started to believe that the gods were protecting her. 
But now, her beliefs were shaking. She continued to walk ahead as Wynter followed behind her. With the child in her arms, she couldn’t turn back anymore. 
Wynter wasn’t alone, either. 
To ensure they had enough people, Wynter matched the number of policewomen with the number of 
women from the trafficking ring on the train previously. 
As for the children, it was easy for the twins to turn into Children. Some of the children were also kept in 
the team to avoid any suspicion. 
She did not arrange for any of her people to stand by the train station’s picku 
pickup point. 
Human traffickers were often on high alert. They were able to sense something wrong if something 
seemed out of place. 
Not to mention, the human traffickers‘ force within Swinford was formidable. If not, there wouldn’t have 
been so many cases of kidnappings and trafficking. 
had asked the Top Unit to keep the operation a secret. 
Everyone knew that the exit would be bustling with different kinds of people. Some of them were rushing while some were working. 
A man saw Eloise and asked, “Do you need a cab? We’re the cheapest you’ll get out there.” 
Eloise didn’t stop, and neither did Wynter as she followed behind Eloise. 
They left the station and arrived at the plaza. Eloise paused to check her surroundings before entering a small shop. From the sign above, it was a luggage storage shop. 
The human traffickers had their own codes to make contact with each other. 
Eloise entered the shop and said, “Sir, do you know where we can find a place to stay? We have a lot of people and things with us.” 
Chapter 741 The Contact lchen 
The person at the front desk looked up and handed her a plece of paper. There was a phone number written on it. “You can call this number. They’ll be able to provide you with a place to stay.” 
Eloise hesitated and turned to Wynter. 
The code did not match. Something had changed. 
Wynter immediately frowned. 
She e was worried that word about their operation had gotten out, and the human traffickers had fled after receiving a warning. 
That was why Eloise had only received the shop’s address moments before they got off the train. 
But now, it was obvious that the shopkeeper didn’t know who Eloise was. He even mumbled, “I can’t believe someone really came to the shop to ask for a place to stay.” 
A policewoman in disguise stepped forward. She wanted to ask the man where he had gotten that piece of paper from. 
But Wynter moved quickly and blocked her path. They exchanged gazes, and the meaning behind Wynter’s gaze was clear. Something had changed, and they had to wait. 
The policewoman could only look down and gently pat the child in her arms. 
Their disguises were convincing. No one would have sensed anything out of the ordinary. 
Wynter wrapped a scarf around her head. Then, she turned to Eloise and whispered, “Call the number on the paper. 
Eloise listened and left the shop with her phone. The call was connected, but no one answered. 
Just as she was about to end the call and turn to Wynter, a man suddenly appeared and bumped into her 
shoulders. 
The man said, “Do you see that silver van to the plaza’s west? You all can get in with the kids. Also, avoid the surveillance cameras and don’t look back.” 
###chapter742
Chapter 742 Don’t Underestimate Them 
Eloise froze. 
The man frowned. “Did you hear me?” 
“I–I heard you!” 
‘Eloise would much rather have the delivery person not show up. But with how smoothly everything happened, she had no choice but to follow along. 
Wynter exchanged glances with the policewomen behind her. Then, they slowly made their way toward. the plaza’s west side. 
At the same time, Dalton and Wolf were sitting together. 
Wolf was typing furiously on his keyboard and adjusting the gear Wynter was wearing. Then, he sent the photos he had managed to capture to the SWAT team. 
On the other hand, the atmosphere was much different for Dalton. He was currently eating fried chicken with two children. One of them was an undead spirit, at that. 
Cody was anxious as there were still people waiting for him. However, he still couldn’t remember where that place was. He wanted nothing more but to wander around Swinford to look for it. 
He couldn’t understand why Wynter would prioritize something else over the situation at hand. 
It wasn’t until Wolf explained it to him that he fully supported Wynter’s decision. Human lives were more Important. Not to mention, they were only children! 
In truth, Wynter didn’t decide to go on that mission just because she wanted to save the children. But it was because of a question lingering in her mind after she saw Eloise with the pendant. 
Why did both cases happen in Swinford? So many children had been kidnapped and transported to Swinford, yet they all ended up as resentful spirits. 
The entire situation felt weird. 
It did not make sense for all the kidnapped children to pass away. Even if they die, they should have been reincarnated. 
However, all of the spirits on the train yesterday were forced to follow the people who had kidnapped them. They could not even exact their revenge. 
Wynter felt like there was something else connecting the two incidents. 
The heroic spirits could not be freed as they were still being oppressed by the Foplyan troops‘ spirits. 
Both incidents had occurred in Swinford. It was also related to the cases of spirits acting out. It could not 
be a coincidence. 
e scenes. 
She had to investigate the situation and figure out who was pulling the strings behind the 
Chapter 242 Don’t Underestimate Them 
Wynter and Eloise entered the van, which was old and shabby. A lot of paint had been chipped off. The car plate was probably fake as the people in the van didn’t seem to care that it was caught on camera. 
After getting into their seats, the man also got into the passenger’s seat. 
There was another man with them. It was the man who had asked them if they wanted a cabl 
That meant that the human traffickers had been observing them since they got off the train! 
“Wynter had made the right call in stopping the policewoman from questioning that shopkeeper. If she had questioned him, the human traffickers would have fled the scenes immediately. 
The reason they didn’t show up after exchanging the secret code wasn’t because they knew what happened on the train. 
It seemed that the Top Unit had done a good job suppressing the news. 
However, the human traffickers were alert and wise. They didn’t seem to be ordinary human traffickers. 
Other than 
Other than the two people inside, Wynter wasn’t sure if any of the human trafficker’s team was also by the 
exit. 
But she was sure they were very alert about who was following them. She could tell just by how many times the driver had adjusted the rearview mirror. 
Even if they had exchanged the secret code, one of the men still asked questions. “What happened to Ezra? How could he have gone off the rails out of the blue?” 
“He said there were ghosts on the train. It was as if he had a nightmare. He kept murmuring that those kids had found him.” Eloise repeated everything Wynter had said. 
The driver said, “The children are doing fine. He’s just overthinking things.” 
The other man burst out into laughter. “People like us aren’t afraid of ghosts. Are you sure something else didn’t happen?” 
Eloise nodded. 
The man called her phone once more as if to double–check her identity. 
Then, he asked, “I’m the one who has been contacting you all this time. I’ve never seen these people before. Are you sure they’re reliable?” 
Chapter 743 Connected 
###chapter743
Chapter 743 Connected 
Eloise was ready for his question. “Ever since the incident in Southdale, the police have been hot on our tails. 
“We can’t use the people we’ve previously used since they’ll easily be caught by the cameras. I’ve spent the whole year looking for these people. They’re all in it for the money.” 
Jonas Barton turned to the group of middle–aged women with scarves wrapped around their heads. 
He said, “It’s good that you all want to earn some money. The best thing about our line of work is that we get fast money!” 
Little did he know that they weren’t middle–aged women. It was just the power of makeup in effect. 
Jonas continued, “All of you should remember to listen and obey the rules. 
“Don’t look at anything you’re not supposed to when we arrive. Don’t ask anything you shouldn’t, either. As long as y you do so, the money will be transferred into your bank accounts tonight.” 
Wynter found the right time and asked, “How much will we get? Eloise told me there were bonuses for us to eam, too.” 
“Don’t worry. It’s a high sum.” 
He would be more worried if they didn’t ask any questions. Jonas only started the car after Wynter asked her question. 
But of course, Jonas had confiscated all of their phones before he drove off. 
The van’s windows had also been tinted to prevent the route to their hideout from being leaked. 
Jonas would have never imagined there would be a big shot among the women he had hired. 
As for their hideout’s location, Wynter had a tracker on her. Wolf had recorded the entire route, including everywhere that they had stopped. 
Wolf ate a french fry as he typed furiously into his laptop. Everyone around them assumed he was playin a game as no one could see his screen. 
Wolf had also recorded every car behind the van that was acting out of the ordinary. He then made a note. to make things easier for his report. 
After 15 minutes, Dalton brought the children away from the station. 
They got into a luxurious car and went in the direction the van was heading. 
Dalton’s excuse was irrefutable as he had said, “They would never expect that someone would tail them in a Maserati. At most, they would assume some rich guy was chasing after his wife or something.” 
Wolf could not refute him as he realized Dalton was right! 
Cody didn’t understand what Dalton meant. He only felt that the car was comfortable and felt sleepy. 
Chapter 743 Connected 
The second Dalton arrived at Swinford, he could sense something off about Cody. He seemed to run out of energy quicker here, and there was a sound in his head asking him to return. 
Dalton smirked. Who was the daring soul that dared to take Cody away from him? 
Suddenly, there was a loud bang
. Something seemed to have been knocked off by a passing crow. 
The crow was black and shrouded in a fog. It disappeared at the top of their car. 
*Wolf seemed to have sensed something and looked up. He subconsciously licked his teeth as he felt that 
there was a familiar stench in the air. 
Was he craving grilled chicken? 
Wolf tilted his head in confusion, but his hands never stopped. 
The van was obviously driving around in circles. After the third circle, they started to deviate from their 
previous route. 
There were a lot of tourist attractions in Swinford, One of the more well–known ones was the boats taking them on a ride along the river. It attracted many people to visit the place. 
The van entered the area through a back door. Security didn’t find anything out of place and allowed them 
to enter. 
The policewomen in the car couldn’t help but exchange glances. 
Suddenly, Jonas said, “All of you must be tired from the long train ride. You all can rest, eat some food, or take some pictures. 
“Leave the children in the van and head down. Someone will come to direct you all to your hostels. Enjoy 
your stay.” 
They wanted to separate them! 
The policewomen in the van clenched their fists tightly. They were worried the children would be in danger. But if they were to refuse their arrangements, the human traffickers would probably be alerted. 
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter744
Chapter 744 The Chapel 
Just as they were hesitating, the van door was opened. 
Then, Wynter exclaimed, “Eloise, the treatment you’re providing is amazing. We even get to enjoy the 
tourist attractions for free!” 
“What? Oh, yes. It’s like a free vacation for you,” Eloise said with a fake smile. 
On the other hand, the men in the car were very satisfied with Wynter’s reaction. Dumb bitches like her were much easier to control. 
If the women refused to get down, they would have to start checking if something had gone wrong. 
Noticing Wynter’s reaction, the other policewomen wisely played along. 
Each one of them put on a fascinated and excited expression. It was as if they didn’t care about what would happen to the children later. 
Jonas did not hesitate and quickly drove away after dropping them off. 
The policewomen wanted to ask Wynter something, but Wynter quickly hinted that there were surveillance cameras surrounding them. 
Then, she raised her hand and looked at her watch, gesturing to them that there was no need to worry as she had placed a tracker inside the van. 
With Leo and the twins there, the children would be safe. 
Wynter looked at the place and took a few selfies. In truth, she was trying to check her surroundings through the selfie. 
Someone within the organization was watching the group of women. They reported to Jonas through a 
walkie–talkie as he watched the women mingle and play around. 
“Everything seems normal. It’s just a group of women. It’s probably just as they told you. 
“With Southdale’s operations going wrong, it became inconvenient for the previous group of women to 
show their faces for a delivery. We’ve received the goods as usual. There’s no need for all this hassle. 
“It’s all that blogger’s fault. Why did she have to do a livestream in Havenlight County? That couple was 
idiotic!” 
The person in the house was complaining about their predicament. He would have never imagined that 
the blogger in question would be among the group of women before him. 
Sitting nearby, Wolf had infiltrated the place’s network through Wynter’s location. 
It was easy for him to destroy the system’s firewall through the network and lock in on who was controlling the separate surveillance footage. 
He quickly sent Wynter a message. “They’re in the opposite building. Third floor, Room 302” 
Chapter 744 The Chaber 
After receiving the message, Wynter’s gaze flickered slightly, but her fingers did not stop moving. She quickly typed a reply. “Find a way to change the footage they’re currently viewing.” 
Wolf replied, “Alright!” 
The message was followed by a few stickers. Wolf would always send her weird expressions during their chat. It was a stark difference compared to how quickly he typed on the keyboard. 
The person watching the surveillance had looked down momentarily to look at his phone when the footage was changed. 
He looked at the footage in disdain. “This group of women sure know how to explore the place.” 
According to his knowledge, the women who had never gone to such places were no longer under his surveillance range. 
In truth, Wynter and the group never left. They even separated into smaller groups to find all the available exits, including the small door behind the building. 
One of the policewomen was the one who found it. 
They could enter the tourist attraction through that door, and if they were to head to the right, they would be able to blend in with the other tourists. 
No wonder the human organization chose this place. If there was the tiniest sign of trouble, they would be able to blend in immediately with the tourists. 
“They’re cunning indeed. To think they had planned to use the flow of people in this area to escape,” a policewoman said. 
Wynter didn’t spend too much time studying the route. She had understood their plan the second the van entered the tourist attraction. 
She was more focused on the fact that there was a brightly lit chapel nearby. She looked at Eloise’s evasive gaze and asked, “Eloise, do you know that place?” 
###chapter745
Chapter 745 Something Weird 
Eloise immediately felt herself go numb when she heard Wynter’s tone, especially since she felt guilty. 
“I do. After all, I come here often for deliveries, but I’ve never been there before.” 
Eloise lowered her head as if she was looking for something. In truth, she just did not dare to look at Wynter as she was afraid Wynter would see right through her. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow and smiled wickedly. “You’re a firm believer, yet you’re telling me you’ve never entered that chapel? Eloise, that doesn’t make any sense.” 
Eloise froze. 
Wynter continued calmly, “You must have gotten your pendant from that chapel, right?” 
“I told you that I met a medium on the train,” Eloise explained anxiously. 
Wynter nodded. “Oh, so you did get it here. I am curious which God you prayed to.” 
Eloise’s complexion immediately paled. 
At first, the other policewomen were confused as to why Wynter was so caught up with the pendant. 
After all, the children’s safety should be their top priority. It wasn’t until they saw Eloise’s reaction that they understood the situation. 
The human traffickers‘ hideout was not at the building behind them, but the chapel over there. But was that even possible? 
That was a chapel–the gods‘ holy ground! How could the human trafficking organization set up its base in a chapel? 
Even the group of policewomen couldn’t help but feel fearful at that thought. 
Looking at the chapel before them and the wave of people heading there to pray, they felt a bitterness creeping into their hearts. 
Normally, the people would only head to the chapel to pray when they could not hold on any longer. They went there to gain a glimmer of hope. 
But what if the holy chapel wasn’t holy? 
Not only was it unholy, but the chapel had become a hideout for the human trafficking organization right under the people’s noses. 
The group of policewomen felt a complicated mix of emotions. 
Wynter didn’t move as she began to think. Information began running through her brain. 
She looked up at the sky. 
Her senses weren’t off! There was indeed a weird magnetic feeling there. The skies were bright, yet the 
Chapter 745 Something Weird 
atmosphere surrounding the chapel was filled with resentment. 
Things were getting interesting. 
Wynter smirked. 
“Since you’ve never been there before, there’s no need for you to go there now. Keep an eye on her.” Wynter said while she walked toward the chapel. 
After managing to blend into the crowd, she tugged the ugly scarf down and threw her old jacket away. She wore a simple shirt inside. 
Then, she tied her hair up and wiped off her heavy makeup, revealing her beautiful face. She immediately gave off a cool and stylish vibe. 
No one would have ever imagined she was the middle–aged woman from just now. 
It was currently trendy for people to pray for wealth and good fortune. 
Last time, the prayer halls were mostly filled with middle–aged women. But now, there were several youths inside as well. 
Some were praying for a successful career, while others were praying for good fortune. However, no one was praying for marriage. 
The chapel was huge with multiple halls within. 
Wynter took out her own pendant and prepared to ask around before deciding which hall to enter. 
Suddenly, there was a small commotion by the divination hall. 
“The priest, Ivarick Edore, will be here to give a talk on one’s faith today. He will not be doing any readings. Come back tomorrow if you want a reading.” 
Then, an old woman, Margot Harding, was chased out of the prayer hall. She had a little girl in her arms and looked like she had traveled a long way to come to the chapel. 
“I beg of you, please allow me to meet Mr. Edore. My granddaughter might not make it!” 
As she screamed and cried, the girl in her arms, Annie Zwolf, was eating despite her pale face. She said, It’s delicious. This is delicious!” 
Everyone immediately trembled when they heard Annie’s voice. 
###chapter746
Chapter 746 Be Mindful of Your Words 
Annie sounded nothing like a child. She sounded like she was possessed. 
Wynter’s gaze darkened. That girl was the reincarnation of a mighty figure in her previous life. She should have a bright future ahead of her. So, why was she here in such a state? 
The crowd quickly surrounded them to help Margot. Someone pleaded to the clergyman, “Sir, please. allow Mr. Edore to take a look at her.” 
The clergyman said a short prayer. 
Then, he said, “Mr. Edore is preparing a class now. My brothers and sisters, you all can pray for her salvation outside the hall. 
“If nothing happens and she remains the same, it means she is no longer blessed by the gods above. She should pay for the sins of her previous life. Please do not make things harder for our priest.” 
Then, the clergyman folded his hands together and closed the wooden doors. 
Although it seemed like he was offering Annie salvation, he was just letting her fend for herself. 
Margot began to cry. “My granddaughter is a kind soul. Her parents are useless, but she visits me every day, saying she wants to take care of me when she’s older. 
“She’s one of the top scorers in the county. How could she be a sinner in her past life? 
“Sir, I beg you to open the door. Even if she is somehow a sinner, let me be the one to pay the price of her debt. 
“Whenever she has food, she would always keep some for me. How can such a child be evil?” 
Margot was not well–educated and could only repeat the same words over and over again. 
The crowd looked at her and exclaimed, “The clergyman just said that she’s paying for the sins of her previous life. 
“Your granddaughter must have been an evil person before she reincarnated. There’s nothing the chapel can do, either.” 
Margot shook her head. “She’s not evil! My granddaughter is not evil!” 
Nothing felt worse than hearing other people trample on someone they hold dear to them. 
Margot wanted nothing more but to show the crowd all of Annie’s achievements to prove how talented Annie was. But she couldn’t do anything. No one in the crowd believed her. 
It was all because that clergyman had said Annie was paying for the sins of her past life. 
Margot began to stutter and became so emotional that her breaths became labored. 
Annie seemed to have come to her senses momentarily and reached out her hand. “Grandma, don’t cry. You’re still sick.” 
Margot Immediately burst into tears as if she was a child. How could her granddaughter be an evil, 
person? 
“G–Grandma, let’s go home. No one’s fed Cosmo yet.” It was as If Annie was fighting for control with something over her body as her words became slurred. 
The crowd couldn’t help but sympathize with Annie after hearing what she had just said. 
However, the clergyman had already told them the problem behind her situation. They couldn’t do anything to help her. 
“Ma’am, why don’t you take her to the main prayer hall for a prayer? She might get better.” 
Someone else suggested, “Perhaps she should do some good deeds. After all, she was a sinner in her previous life.” 
Wynter suddenly said, “Who is this powerful priest? He talks about past lives so easily. I’ve also studied a 
bit on this subject. 
“Before one of the infamous angels received enlightenment, he underwent numerous challenges and had to sacrifice himself to feed an eagle. I’m sure every chapel has talked about this story.” 
As she spoke, some of the priests heading to the main hall immediately paused in their steps. After all, she sounded like she was provoking them. 
Ignoring them, Wynter said calmly, “Even one of the almighty angels sacrificed themselves to feed an eagle and save a dove. The world is a spiritual place. 
“So, how can an infamous chapel claim that someone is paying for their sins in their previous life and refuse to save them?” 
With those words spoken out, Wynter could no longer keep a low profile. Not only were the visitors all looking at her, but even the priests were frowning at her. 
A security guard made his way over and said, “We are on holy grounds. Please be mindful of your words.” 
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter747
Chapter 747 A Slap in the Face 
“You can leave right now if you’re not here to pray or worship!” 
The security guard had lost all of his patience and wanted to throw Wynter out of the temple. 
Wynter refused to let him touch her. She quickly held onto his wrist and pressed on one of his pressure points. 
After that, the bodyguard could no longer speak. He opened his mouth but no sound came out. 
“You’re so noisy,” Wynter said calmly while digging her ears. 
Making a scene now would definitely help her in her quest later. Not to mention, there was indeed something wrong with the chapel. 
Another priest walked over and said a short prayer. 
Then, he said, “Sister, your mouth is a double–edged sword and can bring both blessings and condemnation. You have already sinned, so please refrain yourself from causing more trouble.” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “Am I the one causing trouble? Sir, do you not see that that young lady over there is ill?” 
“If she’s ill, she can go to the gardens to rest. Our classes are about to start,” the priest said with dignity. 
Wynter chuckled. “So, are you saying that praying is useless in the chapel?” 
Wynter’s words infuriated several priests. One of them exclaimed, “How dare you?” 
The onlookers also began to advise Wynter, “Don’t say such things here.” 
“This is a chapel, and there is a tourist attraction nearby. This place is a holy ground.” 
Of course, some people were also looking at her with disdain. 
“How can she be so rude? Did she never go to school or something? Does she not know that certain things cannot be said in the chapel?” 
*She doesn’t look like a good person. The clergyman has made it clear that that girl was a sinner in her 
previous life. Is she dumb or something?” 
Wynter immediately turned to look at the woman who had said the last sentence. 
“Who here can prove that she was a sinner in her past life?” Wynter’s gaze darkened. “Are you all believing such nonsense because of what the clergyman said? 
“That child has only eaten something that she should not have. Curing her is an easy task.” 
Every word she uttered sounded extremely arrogant, causing all the priests present to feel annoyed. 
“Since you know what to do, then please go ahead and help her. We indeed aren’t able to do a thing here.” 
Their words were extremely sarcastic. 
Chapter 747 A Slap in the Face 
No one in the crowd believed that she could help Annie, either. Annie looked like she was possessed. 
How could she just be ill? 
Wynter noticed it and turned to Margot. “I never help people for free. I want your respect. Would your agree to give it to me?” 
Margot was stunned but quickly said, “As long as you can save my granddaughter, I’ll do anything you want for the rest of my life!” 
Wynter smiled gently, “I’m taking that as an agreement.” 
Margot nodded. “I agree!” 
Wynter helped Annie up and placed her hands on Annie’s stomach. Then, what seemed to be a simple push was actually Wynter trying to find an acupuncture point. 
Back then, a lot of people who practiced divine healing would stay together. Many people also received enlightenment through divine healing. 
Although nobody could hear what Wynter was saying, Margot could. 
Wynter said, “Be gone, evil one!” 
At that moment, Annie cried and vomited a pool of liquid. The unknown liquid was brown and smelly. 
When everyone turned their eyes back on Annie, they realized Annie’s eyes had brightened exponentially. Annie used her hands to wipe Margot’s face. “Grandma, why are you crying?” 
“That’s amazing!” Margot trembled while tears pooled in her eyes. 
Annie said, “Grandma, don’t cry. I was just afraid of this place after the last time we came here.” 
Margot caressed Annie’s cheeks and said, “Annie, go and thank that young lady over there. Hurry up. 
Annie obediently turned to Wynter and bowed. “Thank you.” 
“No problem,” Wynter said as she patted Annie’s head. 
Then, she inched closer and whispered, “However, could you tell me why you’re afraid of this place?” 
###chapter748
Chapter 748 Pulling the Strings 
Wynter had asked such a question because Annie’s facial features were a clear sign of good fortune. Her eyes were pure and determined. 
Atwater had told her before that some heroic spirits would act differently compared to other children after being reincarnated. 
For example, some children would suddenly tell their mothers they had come to a certain place before. However, the place had been a warzone, and they were still fighting a war. 
The occurrence would happen out of nowhere. 
Time was multidimensional. It was normal for certain memories to follow one’s soul. 
However, in most instances, their parents would assume their child was joking: 
In truth, there was a high chance that the people from “that generation had also returned. It was hard to 
say. 
Wynter hoped that they would be able to return. She lowered her head as her gaze softened. 
Annie looked at Wynter. Something did happen, but she never dared to tell anyone. 
9060 
She was afraid Margot would face backlash if she told someone. They were in a chapel, after all, and the people always claimed that the gods were there. 
Annie twisted her fingers as she seemed hesitant. Then, she said quietly, “Miss, will the gods above blame me if I tell you what happened? Grandma told me that the gods live here.” 
“No. A god would not let anyone suffer. Annie, have you seen the show The Three Monkeys? Didn’t the gods from the show keep helping the monkeys?” 
Annie’s eyes brightened. “I loved the king from that story! Father Benedict was so cool with how he destroyed all the demons!. But there are some bad gods in the show. 
“When Father Benedict was seeking enlightenment, the people hinted to him that he had to give them money and treasures before he could seek what he was looking for.” 
Wynter nodded. “That’s why we should always make sure we are praying and worshiping the right gods and not a fake instead.” 
As she spoke, she looked up and glanced at the people who had warned her that this was a holy ground. 
A vlogger, Vicky Norris, had even filmed her and posted it onto the internet. She even wrote that Wynter was disrespecting the priests and the gods. 
The caption wrote, “A young lady decided to make a scene in a chapel! Is she dumb or is she just trying to cause a scene?” 
The vlogger who had uploaded the video had never expected Wynter to heal the young girl. She also thought Wynter was a foreigner who was trying to condemn one of their tourist attractions. 
They were in Swinford’s most notorious and busiest chapel. Wynter’s action 
could easily cause the oth tourists to think badly of Swinford. 
Most vloggers would often input their own thoughts into their captions. 
After Wynter had healed Annie, the comments on the video also began to brew. 
Everyone was on Vicky’s side since she had taken the video without giving any context. Not to mention, Wynter was indeed acting quite proudly against the priests. 
The internet was like that sometimes. People only showed what they wanted other people to see. 
Soon, a bunch of comments were left under the video. 
“She should have been chased out of the chapel.” 
“Does she not have any manners?” 
“Judging from her appearance, she probably lived abroad for quite some time. Did she gain a sense of superiority from living abroad for too long?” 
The comments didn’t stop when it went viral. 
Vicky wanted more attention. So, she did not delete the video and said ambiguously, “The matter has already been settled. Perhaps it’s a misunderstanding.” 
The netizens‘ reactions increased tenfold. 
“How can something like this be a misunderstanding?” 
“Our Swinford is really tolerant toward people. If this were any other place, she wouldn’t still be standing 
there after questioning the gods and the priests.” 
“She’s disturbing the peace of the public. I suggest the priests just call the police.” 
Vicky was still enjoying the sudden popularity, pretending to be oblivious about what really happened. 
She would have never expected that her biggest regret in life would be posting that video. What happened next was much more important. 
###chapter749
Chapter 749 Clout 
Annie turned to look at the priests and gestured for Wynter to come closer. “Miss, the last time I came here, I saw some things underneath the chapel. It scared me. They seemed to have seen me, too.” 
Annie looked worried as she continued, “After that, I went home and fell ill. Miss, didn’t they say protect this place and that no one would hurt the children?” 
that gods 
Annie raised her head. Her voice was soft, but everyone nearby could hear her. “Then, why were the Foplyan troopers eating the fruits there?” 
Annie raised her hand and pointed at the shrine table. On top of the table were many fresh offerings. 
Wynter’s gaze wavered slightly. While the crowd fell into silence, everyone’s expression fell when they heard Annie’s words. 
“Foplyan troopers? How is that possible?” 
“Does that child know what nonsense she’s talking about?” 
“Where would the Foplyan troopers have come from? Did she mistake the tourists for Foplyan troopers?” 
“The tourists wouldn’t eat those offerings, either. I think that kid is just lying!” 
Vicky also pursed her lips. “This is getting out of hand. Lies should at least be more convincing.” 
“I’m not lying!” Annie exclaimed as she anxiously turned to Wynter. She didn’t mind if everyone else believed she was lying, but she hoped Wynter would trust her. 
She hurriedly said, “Those troopers glared at me and said they wanted to capture me. They really were Foplyan troopers. 
“I recognized their uniforms from the TV shows my grandma watches! They all had beards and held guns!” Annie was becoming emotional as she continued, “They would even walk around this place and peep at the women who were worshiping by the shrine.” 
Vicky continued to argue with Annie for more clout. “You’re getting more unbelievable here. Do you think you’re on a TV show or something? 
“What do you mean by Foplyan troopers? Do you think we won’t know if even a Foplyan tourist comes to peep at us?” 
“She’s right. Someone should get that kid under control. She’s just running her mouth here.” 
Public opinion began to go against Annie. 
The worst thing that could happen during such scenarios was when someone directed public opinion without figuring out what was happening. 
Annie reached out to hold Margot’s hand. ‘Grandma, I really did see it. I remember telling you someone was chasing after me. I also told you I didn’t want to come here anymore.” 
that 
Chardey 749 Clut 
32 
Margot remembered and wanted to speak up for her granddaughter. However, no one would listen to a person without any influence. 
Hence, they would much rather believe an influential vlogger. That was the mentality of most of the people there. 
It led multiple people with different perspectives to over–analyze a child’s simple actions. 
Margot felt helpless as tears began to pool in her eyes. 
Vicky said disapprovingly, “Don’t act like the victim here. Let me remind you that I will not stand for you to use my morals against me. 
“I would not pity you just because you are an old woman. Your granddaughter here is lying, and that is a 
fact.” 
Wynter decided to speak up at that moment. “I see that you’ve been recording and posting videos of us. Let me remind you that it’s illegal for you to film someone without their permission.” 
She only spoke up then because many things had begun to add up after listening to what Annie had said. 
She finally understood why such a notorious chapel would be surrounded with resentment. 
She had also questioned why the priests here were restless. Why did they read the scriptures yet refuse to pray for their people’s salvation? 
It was because there was something wrong with the chapel itself! 
Everyone in that line of work knew that a spirit can only eat the offerings on the table when you worship and offer it to them. 
Before arriving at Swinford, she had been wondering who on Earth would worship the Foplyan troopers on Cascadian ground. 
###chapter750
Chapter 750 The Priests 
The action itself was an unforgivable crime. 
The entire country believed in Swinford’s chapel and would travel all the way here to pray and worship the gods. 
The spirits here would receive power every time someone worshiped or prayed to them. 
Before Wynter entered the chapel, she had noticed that the chapel was filled with people. 
She finally understood why the country’s heroic spirits would be trapped underground for almost 100 years! 
It was because the Foplyan troopers had received numerous offerings and worship on Cascadian land. No wonder Cody kept saying that he had to return to save everyone. It was because no heroic spirit would be able to survive under such conditions. 
All along, Fabian, Albert, and everyone else had been wondering who the “traitors” mentioned in the letter referred to. 
They never expected it would be the priests. 
Wynter’s gaze turned cold. 
However, Vicky was still provoking her. “Wow, you’re so scary. I’m just recording you. You can go ahead and sue me if you can!” 
“Then, just prepare to receive a letter from my lawyer. Annie is telling the truth. All of you can’t see it because what she saw wasn’t a living being.” Wynter said slowly. 
“What do you mean by that?” 
Just as someone wanted a clear understanding of the situation, a man in a vestment walked over. 
The man was the infamous priest, Ivarick Edore. 
He walked over and said a short prayer before looking at Wynter. “Sister, please do not go around spreading such lies. 
“This child over here has not opened her third eye yet. Our magnanimous gods will forgive her for her Immature words, but such words are harmful. I will not tolerate this happening again. 
“Our chapel has been running for many years. Even those evil spirits aren’t able to enter our chapel, let alone the Foplyan troopers‘ spirits. 
“Sister, you are an adult. You should take responsibility for your words.” 
The crowd respected Ivarick greatly and quickly backed him up. 
Vicky’s confidence immediately grew as she said, “Some from other people. 
e want to pretend that they are different 
Chaple 950 The Prieste 
They talked a big game and disturbed the peace within the chapel. People like you should be exposed to the public.” 
She kept holding her phone up and recorded the entire exchange. 
However, Wynter didn’t even spare her a glance. She had no interest in paying any attention to someone who only knew how to talk big. 
She placed all of her attention on Ivarick. Wolf had just sent her a message moments ago. 
The men in the van from before did not take the children away. Instead, they had entered the chapel through the back entrance. 
According to the pictures, the chapel’s back door was probably at the prayer room. The only outsiders who could enter that room were the chapel’s frequent worshipers. 
This chapel was the base of operations for the human trafficking organization. Not only were the human traffickers here, but they had also kept numerous kidnapped children here. 
Wynter’s gaze darkened as she slowly walked toward Ivarick. “I can take full responsibility for today. But what about you, Mr. Edore? Do you think you deserve to wear that vestment?” 
my words my 
Ivarick remained calm. “Sister, the murderous aura on you is overwhelming. You will lose your good fortune and blessings. If you wish to repent, I can teach you the scriptures and guide you.” 
Wynter remained calm as she said, “Oh? This is my first time hearing someone say I’ve lost my good fortune and blessings. There’s no need for you to teach me the scriptures, I always do as I please. 
“I also know about my overwhelming murderous aura. How can I let people come to their senses if I don’t have a strong aura? 
“Back then, one of the gods seeking enlightenment had proclaimed that they would never become a believer unless hell was empty.” 
###chapter751
Chapter 751 Letter of Demand 
Wynter inched closer and said, “Mr. Edore, it seems you haven’t received proper enlightenment on this 
practice.” 
Ivarick put his hands together and said, “I haven’t managed to receive such high levels of enlightenment. How can I compare myself with one of the gods? Sister, you flatter me.” 
Wynter chuckled. “Mr. Edore, you’re too humble. You have so many loyal followers who believe in you. 
“They defended you well even though you refused to help that girl. I reckon they would believe everything 
that you do is right. 
“Since that’s the case, I doubt you would be afraid of being under investigation. 
“I happened to be investigating a human trafficking organization. I have some questions that I would like to ask you,” Wynter said with a smirk as she looked at Ivarick. 
Ivarick said another short prayer when he heard Wynter mention a human trafficking organization. However, he remained calm as if the whole ordeal had nothing to do with him. 
Wynter continued, “My informant told me that the human traffickers they had contact with ended up in the prayer room behind the chapel.” 
With that said, everyone immediately frowned. 
They claimed that Annie was lying as they had no way of checking the validity of Annie’s words. However, Wynter was claiming that….. 
Before the priest could react, Vicky had already begun shouting. “How dare you? If you want to spread lies, you should at least make it believable. How can our city have human traffickers? 
“This is a tourist spot, and we are on holy grounds! There are so many people here. How can someone dare to turn the chapel into a hideout for human traffickers?” 
Wynter met Vicky’s gaze and smiled. “They didn’t dare to. That’s why they found someone to keep an eye 
out for them 
“As long as someone donates to the chapel every year, the chapel would provide them with a place to stay. What’s so hard to understand about that? 
“After all, there’s a place for guests to stay beside the prayer room.” 
Vicky smiled coldly, “Stop making lies. How can you claim that you’re investigating the human trafficker organization and that the organization had sought protection from the chapel? 
“Who are you to investigate something like that? You should at least make up some believable lies. You’ve already gone overboard!” 
The second Vicky finished speaking, she received a message from the Quinnell Group. Her eyes. immediately brightened. 
Chapter 751 Letter of Demand 
22 
The Quinnell Group had gained a lot of attention on the internet recently. 
Her video must have gone viral and attracted the Quinnell Group’s attention. Perhaps they saw the potential in her and wanted her to join their company to nurture her! 
Vicky was so excited that she stopped recording and opened the message. 
However, her expression immediately froze. 
It was a letter of demand! 
Furthermore, they were still typing out another message. It wrote, “I heard you asked our CEO to sue you. 
Now that you’ve received your letter, do remember to come to court for the hearing.” 
After that, the company’s main account posted an announcement on Twitter and tagged her in it. 
The post immediately went viral. However, the netizens weren’t on her side this time, as they were more confused with the situation. 
Someone commented, “What happened? What did she do to make the Quinnell Group’s official account post a statement and send her a letter of demand?” 
The o 
official account immediately replied, “She filmed our CEO without her permission and slandered her. She spread rumors claiming Ms. Quinnell learned bad manners from studying abroad, 
“She also misinformed the public by saying that Ms. Quinnell went to the chapel to make a scene due to her lack of manners. She then asked Ms. Quinnell to sue her if she could. 
“Well, we’ve sued you. What now, @SwinfordBeauty?” 
Vicky’s mind went blank when she saw the comment. 
Ms. Quinnell? Who? 
The Quinnell Group’s Twitter account was not done yet. They then wrote, “I didn’t expect the fact that Ms. Quinnell came from the countryside would become one of her merits.” 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter752
Chapter 752 Wynter’s True Identity 
Vicky’s expression immediately froze. She felt sick as she turned to look at Wynter. 
However, Ivarick remained oblivious to Wynter’s true identity. He was busy praising Vicky for standing up 
for him. 
“This lady over here is a famous travel blogger from Swinford, She’s kind and full of love. Her words also 
have a certain influence over the people. 
“As she has said, your dirty accusations have not only tarnished the chapel’s name. You have also hurt 
the citizens of Swinford. 
“Swinford is known for its heroic spirit. The people here have never done the things you’re accusing us of. I will have to call the police if you continue with your rude and ignorant accusations.” 
Ivarick had his own plans. 
The police would never dare to enter the prayer room once they found out who was using the prayer room. As long as he called the police and mentioned the chapel’s name, someone would be sent here to 
take Wynter away. 
That was why Ivarick did not panic when he heard Wynter mention the prayer room. He wasn’t scared of an investigation. They would not be able to find anything, anyway. 
However, Wynter’s next words caused him to frown. “There’s no need for you to call the police. They’re already waiting outside the chapel.” 
AS 
As soon as she finished her sentence, the tourist location’s manager hurriedly ran into the chapel with several police officers behind him. 
“Mr. Ivarick, there’s been a report saying that the chapel has made dealings with a human trafficking organization. What’s going on?” 
The manager was panicking. This was a big crime! 
Ivarick quickly corrected, “Someone is just causing trouble here.” 
The police officers exchanged glances and signaled for him to remain quiet. 
When they first received the report, they planned to ask their superiors how to handle the situation before taking action. After all, the chapel in question had a lot of influence within the city. 
Their superiors had also informed them to protect the chapel’s safety. 
But, out of nowhere, the Top Unit appeared and began giving them orders. They also asked for their cooperation to complete a thorough investigation of the chapel! 
heir full 
They were also confused by the situation. When they arrived, they realized that several policewomen had already taken control of all the available exits. 
The policewomen were also at a higher rank than them. So, they could only cooperate and follow their 
Chapter 752 Wynters True identity 
arrangements. 
A female officer from the SWAT team came forward and said, “Ms. Quinnell, we’ve already covered all the exits. We can move on to the next phase now,” 
The crowd was shocked by how respectful the officer’s tone was. Judging from her words, the woman before them was the head of the task force. 
Even Ivarick paled, and he couldn’t even murmur a short prayer. 
Everyone believed that Wynter was an idiot to make such a ruckus on the chapel’s holy grounds. Only then did the crowd realize they were the real idiots! 
Wynter did not hesitate and gave out her orders. “Surround the prayer room near the chapel’s exit. Do not let anyone leave.” 
The policewomen moved quickly and immediately rushed toward the prayer room. 
Ivarick watched the scene unfold and reached for his phone. It looked like he wanted to contact 
someone. 
But Wynter immediately threw a silver needle at him. 
He looked up in pain while Wynter calmly picked up his phone. 
Her voice remained impassive as she said, “Mr. Kane and Mr. Cross. It looks like Mr. Edore has a vast network of connections. Do I need their permission to run an investigation on you?” 
Ivarick continued to play pretend. He said a short prayer and turned to Wynter. “Sister, I wasn’t aware of your identity. I apologize for offending you. 
“Sister, if you wanted to investigate my chapel, why didn’t you tell me about your identity? That way, I wouldn’t have misunderstood your intentions.” 
Ivarick was thinking of ways to take himself out of the equation. 
He said righteously, “I would definitely cooperate with your investigation. I will not allow anyone to do such dirty dealings within my chapel!” 
###chapter753
Chapter 753 Trying to Harm Dalton 
Wynter continued to fiddle with his phone. She smiled at him and said, “Mr. Edore, you’re too humble. 
“You have a lot of contacts with high society, but your contact name for them is quite special. Respectful Worshiper? You sure do know how to label 
people.” 
Wynter called a random number. While waiting for the other party to answer, she turned to the police officers and said, “You’ve all received your orders. 
“One of the criminals listed was Ivarick Edore. Why aren’t you all arresting him? What are you waiting for? Or did someone tell you to take care of him?” 
Wynter smirked. “If that’s the case, then I’ll have to investigate you all, too.” 
With that said, all of the police officers paled. 
No one answered the call, so Wynter dialed another number: 
At that moment, Ivarick returned to his previous image as a priest. He had overestimated Wynter, believing that she could outsmart the others. 
The other party must have already received the news and cleaned up their tracks. They wouldn’t leave any evidence, either. So, that meant that the children had already been moved. 
Ivarick relaxed as no one answered the calls. 
At the same time, two janitors were 
pushing some garbage bins outside of the prayer room. They were 
moments away from leaving the chapel. 
“I told you there was something wrong with that group of people. Luckily, Miguel had gotten the information in time.” 
“But those women were actually from the Top Unit. They blended in well.” 
“No matter how well they acted, they weren’t able to outsmart Miguel and the others. We have enough time. By the time the SWAT team arrives, we’ll already be long gone.” 
The janitors were whispering among each other as they bent down to place the last garbage bin onto their 
car. 
Even though there were surveillance cameras in the prayer room, there was nothing wrong with their actions. 
The janitors laughed. There was a secret door at the corner up ahead. As long as they managed to leave. no one would be able to find the children in the chapel anymore. 
Then, Miguel would be able to make a comeback. 
But the second they arrived at the door, they realized someone was standing there. 
The man was in a sleek suit and did not look like someone who would mind other people’s business. 
Chapter 153 Trying to Harm Dalion 
He stood under the chapel’s trees. There was a deep look in his eyes while he gave off a clean vibe. He looked like he had just come out of a painting. 
It was almost as if he was meant to be there, like he was able to blend in with his surroundings. 
The janitors had been delivering goods for so many years, but they had never met a man like him. 
The janitors pretended that nothing was out of the ordinary and tried to walk past Dalton. 
Suddenly, Dalton said, “I’m exhausted from waiting for you two. What took you two so long?” 
His voice was pleasant. It was deep and charming. There was also a hint of amusement coming from his 
tone. 
The two men paused. One of them looked up and said, “Sir, have you mistaken us for someone else? We’re just janitors.” 
Dalton smirked as his gaze landed on the garbage bins behind them. 
“Mistaken? Are you telling me that the garbage bins behind you do not contain the kids you’ve abducted? Coincidentally, one of the children among them is mine.” 
With that said, the two men’s gazes were immediately filled with hostility. It was obvious that they wanted to get rid of Dalton. 
But before they could take out their knives, the garbage bins behind them began to shake. 
They shook so hard that they fell to the ground. A few pieces of cloth and some garbage scattered around the floor, showing the real contents hidden inside the garbage bins. 
###chapter754
Chapter 754 Exposed 
There were multiple babies inside! 
Leo’s and the twins powers had dwindled immediately after entering the chapel. 
It wasn’t because they were at a chapel with multiple gods, but because they were terrified since they could feel a powerful evil within the chapel. 
The fear powered them to maintain their image as a human. They knew they would be in trouble if their real identities were exposed. 
So, they could only remain in their human form. 
However, everything changed when Dalton arrived. 
Leo could move now. The first thing he did was to cry and influence the other children to cry loudly with 
him. 
The second he wept, the other children who had remained calm due to the drugs had also begun to cry. Their loud wails immediately echo throughout the prayer room. 
The two men immediately paled. They tried to cover the children’s mouths, but they couldn’t cover all of 
them. 
Nothing they tried to do would work. They didn’t even have time to fight Dalton. Their only goal in their mind was to escape the scene unscathed. 
But how could Dalton allow them to escape? He called out, “Wolf!” 
Before the two men could understand what was happening, one of them received a slap and flew to the ground. The other one was thrown into the garbage bin. 
With some rope, Dalton and Wolf quickly tied them up. 
Hence, when the Top Unit arrived, they saw Dalton and Wolf with the two tied–up men. 
Wolf raised his head and remembered what Wynter had told him. He quickly turned around and lifted his jacket. This time, it wasn’t a QR code, but his code name. 
It said, “Special Unit, L. Code number, 005.” 
The members of the Top Unit were shocked. They had never expected the genius hacker, L, would only be 
a child! 
But now wasn’t the time for them to care about such details. They quickly picked up the children and placed the two “janitors” in handcuffs. 
They had also recognized the “janitors“. They were the men who had gone to receive the children. The prayer room was near to where Wynter was standing. So, she could also hear the children’s cries. Although the sounds had softened, it was loud enough for the people to conclude that the cries were 
27 
coming from the prayer room. 
“Are there really children in the prayer room?” 
“Perhaps it’s one of the guests‘ children.” 
Sometimes, when people believed something, it was hard to change their minds. In other words, they did not want to believe the priest they had respected greatly would be guilty of human trafficking. 
However, their hope was quickly destroyed. It was a huge slap to the people who criticized Wynter moments ago. 
The SWAT team brought the children out. The crowd was surprised to see there were seven of them. 
Those children looked like they had been crying, and their faces were dirty. They did not look like children of the chapel’s guests. 
What adult would throw their own child into the garbage bin? It was obvious that the human traffickers 
had tried to sneak the children out! 
There were a lot of tourists within the chapel. 
The locals had been hesitant as they believed Wynter was trying to ruin their city’s reputation. But when they saw the children, everyone in the chapel exploded in anger, tourists and locals alike. 
“What happened to the children?” 
“The chapel really was making dealings with human traffickers!” 
“What kind of priest are you? What is the chapel doing? You’re all bloodsuckers, sucking the blood out of your people!” 
“If I hadn’t seen the children myself, I would have believed my donations were an offering for the gods‘ blessings. What have you been doing with the money?” 
###chapter755
Chapter 755 Krishaven Hall 
It was a serious and evil situation. 
Meanwhile, all of Vicky’s supporters were now bashing her. 
*I can understand that you wanted to protect your hometown. But you can’t just post a clip and direct us to hate on someone just because you hate them too. 
“Why didn’t you tell us the lady was there to investigate a crime?” 
“I was at the scene. I can only say we should stop putting all of our faith and trust into the holy grounds. I would also like to tell everyone that the lady also saved a girl that the chapel turned away.” 
“What happened?” 
“The lady was here to get rid of evil. However, the video’s owner used her popularity to bash the lady.” 
“I was shocked when I saw the seven children! It’s infuriating to know that the chapel was involved in human trafficking!” 
Ivarick was at a loss for words. 
Looking at the concrete evidence before him and the people present, the impact would be enormous, especially with how quickly things spread on the internet. 
With how things were turning up, even “he” would not be able to help, let alone Miguel Kane. 
Ivarick came to his senses as he turned to look at Wynter. 
“You did it on purpose! You could have brought your team to the prayer room for a search. But you decided to cause a scene and draw more people to increase public discussion!” 
Wynter did not deny it as she did have her own plans. 
The chapel had been receiving worshipers from all over the world and had gathered a significantly large 
amount of merits. 
If she wanted to dismiss all of the merits that the chapel had amassed, basic techniques would not have 
been enough. 
She needed to destroy the people’s faith in this chapel and for them to despise it. 
She would only be able to save the heroic spirits underground if the chapel lost its inherent advantage 
from the merits. 
Ivarick’s eyes darkened. “Who are you?” 
“I’m just here to make you pay for your sins.” Wynter was in no mood to continue chatting with him. 
From the intel obtained by the two men in the prayer room, she concluded that Ivarick wasn’t the medium she was looking for. 
Chapter 755 Krishaven Hall. 
Ivarick was just a pawn for the locals‘ interest at best. The main perpetrator was someone pulling the strings from above. 
She would have her people catch them. 
However, the most important thing at hand was to allow those heroic spirits to go home! 
Wynter turned to look at Annie. “Annie, do you remember which hall you saw those Foplyan troopers in?” 
Annie looked at Wynter and said solemnly, “Krishaven Hall. Miss, I remember it clearly. They appeared from that hall and were also very powerful there. 
“It was almost as if they could really catch me. I was only able to talk to my grandma when I went to the other prayer halls. Am I right, Grandma?” 
Margot nodded. She had only returned to the chapel because of Annie’s weird behavior back then. 
However, no one would believe her. After all, how could someone get possessed on holy grounds? 
The people from her village had told her that Annie must have encountered something evil on her way back. The other possibility was that Annie had offended the gods. 
Margot couldn’t understand those explanations. She only wanted to save her granddaughter. 
Wynter looked at Annie and Margot. 
Then, without any hesitation, she headed straight to Krishaven Hall. She didn’t try to hide what she was doing and even purposely brought the crowd along with her. 
When Ivarick heard Krishaven Hall being mentioned, he subconsciously tried to backtrack. 
However, there was a SWAT officer behind him, so he had nowhere to go. 
No one answered the calls that came from his phone, but that had not been planned. It was just that all of his contacts had been brought in for questioning. 
As soon as Wynter entered Krishaven Hall, she was immediately faced with a cloud of smoke. 
Ordinary people weren’t able to see the smoke. Some oblivious worshipers were even praying inside the 
hall. 
###chapter756
Chapter 756 Remembering 
“They’re coming!” Annie paled as she subconsciously took a step back. 
Suddenly, two figures stood behind her. One of them was big, handsome, and cold. On the other hand, the other smaller figure was like a big brother as he patted her head. 
Wolf couldn’t speak, so he gestured for her to not be afraid. 
Cody was also with them. It was just that no one else could see him. 
However, Annie could. Her eyes widened as she looked in Dalton’s direction. “The Foplyan troopers aren’t the only ones here. The soldiers who had protected us back then are also here.” 
Numerous memories began to flash across Cody’s mind when he arrived at the chapel. 
His eyes turned red as he said, “I remember everything now! The Foplyan troops are still here! We weren’t able to protect our people. Swinford’s women and children met terrible fates. 
“After Swinford fell, they decided to take control over the area. They captured Richard and conducted experiments on him. I remember Richard and I died. Mr. Strex passed away, too. 
“Mr. Strex was the one who taught me how to read. He said I would only be able to rebuild our city if I was 
educated. 
“Otherwise, our country would fall behind the other countries. He said that we had to change our mentality, or we would continue to be bullied. 
“I had just received the news when the Foplyan troops arrived. Why are they still here?” 
Cody’s eyes were filled with hatred as tears gathered in his eyes. He turned to Wynter and asked, “Did we not win? Did we not gain our freedom back?” 
Wynter had told him that their country had changed. But if that was the case, why were the Foplyan troops still here throwing their weight around? 
Were this country’s people still being oppressed by the Foplyans? 
Cody clenched his fists tightly. He was afraid that things did not turn out how he thought they did. 
But before Wynter could answer him, the Foplyan troopers‘ spirits seemed to have sensed Cody. More than ten of them began to appear from the gods‘ statues. 
They looked down at Cody with obvious disdain. 
One of them even laughed out loud. Not to mention, the look in his eyes was vile when he looked at one 
of the women. 
They were speaking Foplyanese. They took advantage of the fact that they were spirits and that the people could not see them to act callously. 
They turned to Cody and said with contempt, “This little guy sure does not know when to give up. He 
Chapter 756 Remembering 
keeps trying to run. 
“Does he not know that the chapel’s people are worshiping us? How far does he think he can get?” 
A trooper had a dark expression as he said, “Why don’t we try to break his legs and see how he reacts? | love to see it when these idiotic Cascadians try to run but fail. It’s like he can never die. 
“Oh, wait. He’s already dead. He had been a lamp for us, but he was useless. He didn’t even have much meat in him and didn’t last long.” 
Then, the troopers burst into laughter. 
Wynter’s murderous intent immediately resurfaced when she heard their words. 
But she knew that before the people’s faith in the chapel was completely destroyed, the Foplyan troopers spirits would not be annihilated even if she tried to take action. 
More importantly, she would not be able to rescue the heroic spirits trapped underground, either. 
Those Foplyan troopers were in no hurry to capture Cody again. They were enjoying the excitement of hunting prey that had no escape, especially since their prey was weak. 
The weaker their prey were, the more excited they got. 
###chapter757
Chapter 757 This Is My Territory 
One of the Foplyan troopers who was dressed like an officer said. “You little bastard, I’ll give you one minute to run.” 
The troopers were standing in a straight line behind him when he turned around and stabbed his long gun into one of the worshippers‘ bodies. 
Then, the troopers burst out into laughter. 
“Those idiotic fools are worshiping us!” 
The troopers seemed to be enjoying themselves as they started to dance. With every step they took, they would reach out to stab their guns into the people present. 
It was ridiculous how certain pro–Foplyan factions would have found the dance amazing. 
The Foplyan troopers had not bothered to hide the evilness within their hearts after becoming spirits. 
One of the Foplyan officers saw Annie and slowly danced his way toward her. 
“Look, it’s the little whore. I wasn’t able to possess her last time. I’ll try it again. If I fail, I’ll drag that old woman beside her down to the grave to accompany us. What do you all think?” 
Then, the officer burst out into laughter. His voice was full of venom as he talked about Margot’s death. 
“That little whore had been a big bother to us in her previous life. She may not remember our mighty Foplyan Empire, but we all remember her! 
“I didn’t expect she’d look like that after being reincarnated. Damn it!” 
“Since those soldiers down there have been such a hassle to deal with, why don’t we take those two out? We’ll get rid of her and the dead one.” 
Cody was the “dead one” the Foplyan officer was referring to. He hated those soldiers who were enslaved underground. 
The Foplyan troops could never seem to be able to get rid of them since they kept coming back. 
Before Cody’s death, he had strapped himself with explosives to take those Foplyan troopers down with 
him. 
Those Cascadian soldiers had been the ones to ruin their great plans! They didn’t have the opportunity to reincarnate yet, so how could they allow those Cascadian idiots to do so before them? 
“All of you will be enslaved under the grounds of this chapel! As the officer shouted, he raised his knife. and stabbed in that direction. 
Suddenly, there was a loud bang. 
Wynter held the lucky coin between her fingers as she caught his knife. Then, there was a loud snap as the lucky coin slid 
across the blade. The blade immediately turned into a dark fog. 
Chapte=757, TheisMp Tellery. 
The worshipers‘ eyes immediately widened when they saw the scene before them. 
Although they could only see the blade turning into smoke, they found it weird that the blade had appeared out of thin air. 
Hence, the crowd couldn’t keep their voices in check as they discussed what happened. 
“What was that?” 
“It looked like one of the army knives the Foplyans used to use.” 
“Did that look normal to you?” 
Some people wanted to film what happened, but they weren’t able to do so as the blade had disappeared 
too quickly. 
The Foplyan officer’s spirit had also paused. He never thought a living being would be able to see them! The other troops also paused as they turned to look at Wynter with a creepy gaze. It was as if they were violating her through their eyes. 
The Foplyan officer was of high rank. He raised his hand and signaled for his troopers to stay put, so the troopers stopped in their tracks.. 
Then, the Foplyan officer turned to Wynter and asked, “Are you a medium?” 
The Foplyans had held a certain respect for mediums. Hence, the Foplyan officer’s attitude toward Annie was significantly different from that toward Wynter 
He said, “Although your country’s people are idiots, the mediums here are brilliant. 
“Since you helped us back then and helped us again, I believe we are on the same side. I can spare the girl’s life out of respect for you.” 
The Foplyan officer said arrogantly as he gestured at Cody, “However, I must bring him back! Since you’re a medium, you’re probably able to see that this is our territory.
###chapter758
Chapter 758 Dalton’s Attack 
“In the face of such strong faith, you can’t do anything to mel” the Foplyan officer gloated. 
If it were any other medium, they would indeed begin to wonder how they should resolve the problem at hand. However, the medium in question was Wynter. 
If she were feeling patient, she would take her time resolving it. If she were feeling impatient, she would just fight them! 
Wynter raised an eyebrow and prepared to pull off a full attack. After all, all it took was some blood for her to pull it off. 
But before she could unleash her power, someone quickly held onto her hand. 
It was Dalton. His eyes were fixed on the Foplyan troopers, and his gaze was cold and dark. “If you don’t know how to use your eyes, then there’s no need for you to keep them.” 
As soon as he finished his sentence, the statues around the hall began to shake. 
The troopers instantly felt a burning sensation in their eyes. They fell to the floor and curled up into a ball due to the pain. Even their bodies felt like they were about to explode! 
The Foplyan officer paled. No one had been able to hurt them whenever they stood before the statues. 
Who was this Cascadian man? 
“Stop! Aren’t you afraid of the backlash from the power of faith?” 
The Foplyan officer’s eyes were wide open, and he thought he had managed to threaten Wynter and 
Dalton. 
She could only say that the Foplyan troopers did not have a clear understanding of them. 
Some people had spent their lives paying for the karma they were born with. Those people did not care about the chapel’s beliefs, nor did they care about such measly power. 
Dalton was a prime example. There was something much more complex clinging onto him than the purple aura and black mist. 
There were Fankrit inscriptions written compactly all over his body. The words were like a constraint for him, suppressing his true colors. But Dalton would always seem oblivious to those things. 
At that moment, Dalton’s eyes narrowed as something crimson flashed across his eyes. Although it was a quick flash, the Foplyan officer began to tremble 
There was something oppressing within Dalton’s blood that allowed him to affect the spirits and make them feel pain worse than death. 
Dalton smiled. It was very different from his previous smiles. It made him seem like a beast on its throne as the people worshiped him. 
Chapter 758 Daltons Attack 
Π 
His voice remained pleasant, but it sounded like a devil’s whispers. “Could you repeat that? 
Whose territory did you say this was?” 
The Foplyan officer could no longer stand. He was in so much pain that he wanted to pull out all of the bones within his body. 
Dalton looked down at him and stepped on his hands. 
He smiled and said, “I’m not good at all this courtesy and respect thing. Tell me the name of the medium who has helped you, and I will lighten the pain you’ll feel during your death.” 
His power was on full display. But with his understanding of Wynter, she would care more about the 
information. 
But Wynter’s full attention was currently focused on her beautiful fiancé. 
Even with the additional fortune from the blessed gods, he should not be so powerful when facing the 
spirits. 
And his way of handling things was almost 90 percent similar to that man from Hawford. 
However, Wynter did not have the time to question him about it now. But she already had an answer in 
her heart. 
The Foplyan officer glared at them evilly. “I won’t tell you a thing! Did you think you could defeat us so easily? As long as they continue to worship us, our strength will be replenished. 
“Even if we were to disappear, our wishes will remain forever. Then those idiotic soldiers of yours will never be able to escape!” 
###chapter759
Chapter 759 Perish Together 
As Wynter listened to his words, she did not forget to observe her surroundings. 
She clenched her hands tightly as she knew that the Foplyan troops were telling the truth. They had also mentioned that someone had been pulling the strings. 
The easiest way to stop the people from worshiping them was through the internet. As long as she managed to find the key to the whole situation, everything would be settled. 
The Foplyan officer laughed loudly when he noticed that Wynter had not retorted to him. “Don’t even think about winning! If you annihilate us, we will drag your people down with us!” 
Cody understood who the Foplyan troops were referring to and quickly held onto Wynter’s hand. 
He said anxiously, ‘Ms. Quinnell, we can’t let them disappear. Their fates have been tied together with Mr. Strex and Richard’s spirit. If they disappeared, Mr. Strex and Richard would disappear with them!” 
Perhaps it was due to Cody’s voice, but the people enslaved underground were beginning to have some reactions. 
In addition to Dalton’s actions, the Foplyan troops were all lying curled up on the floor while crying out in pain. No one had the strength to keep the enslaved heroic spirits underground. 
Slowly, they began to appear one after another. There was one spirit among them who was wearing broken shoes, and their soles were bleeding from their wounds. 
The man looked young and did not seem to be older than 19 years old. He was very handsome. His hands were handcuffed behind his back, and there were whip marks across his shoulders. But even so, the man smiled happily when he saw Cody. 
He said, “I knew you would be able to finish the mission we gave you.” 
“Mr. Strex, Cody has brought someone from the Quinnell family!” 
The man turned to Wynter as he said, “Mr. Strex, although you can’t see it, nor are you able to hear it, but the Quinnell family’s successor is a great person. She’s a charming woman!” 
Suddenly, a voice came from underneath the ground. The voice sounded like it had waited a long time. It also sounded old and tired. 
“That’s great. I’ll be able to rest in peace now. The Quinnell family did not go back on their promise. Richard, tell her that she needs to find a way to get rid of the Foplyan troops. 
“Their existence would only harm the Cascadians. Tell her not to worry about us as we’re already dead. Tell her not to fall for the Foplyan troops threats either. 
“We are already dead. We are willing to die again if it means annihilating these evil Foplyan troops from our country forever!” 
Cody’s eyes turned red. “Mr. Strex, I- I don’t want you to die.” 
“Cody, do you remember the first word I taught you to write?” 
“It’s the word human.” 
Harrison’s voice was filled with adoration as he said, “That’s right! A century ago, our country was in chaos. Every other country would ravage and trample on us, especially the Foplyans. 
“They killed us, humiliated us, and even declared that they were here to help us. As humans, we need to stand tall and firm. We cannot bend before the Foplyans and act as their dogs. 
“We need to get rid of them. Now, the Foplyan troops are using our existence to threaten someone from the Quinnell family. Cody, do you remember your oath when you joined the army?” 
Cody nodded, and his voice was firm, but choked with sobs. “I volunteered to join- 
His oath replayed back in his mind. 
“Cascadian’s era is coming, and it is happening among us. When I was able to come up from 
underground, I went to look at the people who had come to pray. 
“Our country is now stronger than ever. Our people are also living happily in peace. My dreams have come 
true.” 
Harrison’s voice was becoming weaker as he said, “It’s time for us to move on now.” 
###chapter760
Chapter 760 Saving the Herolc Spirits 
Cody knew Harrison was about to disappear, 
To send him away, Harrison had used all of the blessings he had accumulated. Richard and the other spirits had done the same too. All of them should have been able to linger on Earth for much longer. 
However, they had given all of the fortune and blessings they had accumulated during their time alive to Cody to stop him from disappearing into oblivion. 
The soldiers had been enslaved underground for so long that they had already forgotten what the surface looked like. All they ate was the leftovers from the chapel. 
Whenever the Foplyan troops were unhappy, they would nail nails into their heads. Harrison would always help him to avoid those things. 
Harrison would laugh and say, “Cody, you’re still young. You deserve the opportunity to see what the future is like.” 
Cody had been anxious to find someone from Quinnell’s family because Justin Grant had disappeared into oblivion last year. 
The more worshipers the Foplyan troops received, the stronger they became. Cody and the heroic spirits 
had no way of fighting back. 
When they were alive, they could at least create bombs and weapons to fight to the death. But in the underground world, weapons could never beat a spirit who had gained the power of faith. 
There was a statue above Harrison’s spirit. Harrison’s breaths weakened as his body became transparent. 
Cody had long forgotten that he was dead. However, he knew what it meant for a spirit to disappear after 
death. 
But at the same time, Cody knew he had been fighting for his people. There was no reason for him to be afraid. He could not allow those Foplyan troops to enjoy the worship of his people after death! 
Cody wiped his face harshly and turned to Wynter. “M 
Quinnell, just do as Mr. Strex says. These Foplyan troops never saw us as humans. They have no right to use us to threaten you!” 
As he spoke, he raised his hand and undid the copper bell Wynter had given him. He was ready to 
sacrifice himself. 
Harrison and the rest of the heroic spirits had given him their blessings. As long as he was gone, everyone would disappear with him. 
If their disappearance would result in the demise of the Foplyan troops, then everything was worth it! Guessing what Cody wanted to do, Wynter reached out to stop him. “I’ll think of another way.” 
“Ms. Quinnell, I’m not a medium. But I understand my current condition. Standing here alone makes me feel breathless. I’ve already forgotten many things. 
###chapter761
Chapter 761 Tablet 
Chapter 761 Tablet 
Cascadians valued their relationships with their people. The Foplyan officer was sure that the medium before them would not disregard the heroic spirits‘ wellbeing and attack them. 
He laid on the ground in pain as he looked at Wynter viciously. “Will you ever be at peace if you annihilate the heroic spirits with your own hands? 
“No wonder I found you familiar. The Quinnell family is truly our biggest enemy. When you die, do you think your family members will forgive you? At the end of the day, we still ended up on top!” 
Then, the Foplyan troop burst out into laughter. But Wynter wasn’t listening to what they were saying. She turned to look at the statue once more. 
According to the rules, the spirits weren’t supposed to receive the faith of the people from the chapel. families, one would need to have a tablet with their name 
The people of the Quinnell family? In those bi 
on it… 
Wynter suddenly lifted her gaze and pulled Ivarick over. “Did someone place a tablet with their names here for the people to worship them? Tell me right now, where are those tablets? 
“If you don’t, I’ll make your life a living hell. I’m not a believer, and I do not care about murdering people. You’ve seen my way of doing things firsthand. I will always do as I promise.” 
Ivarick said a small prayer once more and said, “When will this cycle of revenge end? Sister, I don’t understand what you’re saying. 
Wynter’s gaze darkened as she placed three needles into him. This was her first time performing acupuncture before such a large crowd. 
The number of people had increased tenfold as everyone knew that there was a commotion happening in the chapel. They came to take a look as they had heard it was related to a human trafficking organization. 
At the same time, the whole incident had gone viral on Twitter. 
Everyone was watching as Wynter placed a needle on Ivarick’s forehead. She said, “Back then, those Foplyan troops used this method to torture our heroes. Why don’t you try it and see how it feels? 
“If you don’t want to say anything, then there’s no need for you to speak anymore.” Wynter placed a final needle into the top of his head. 
Ivarick felt his legs weaken as he fell to the ground on his knees. He had never experienced such pain throughout his time as a priest. 
Normally, he would place two cushions on the floor before kneeling to pray. Even the water he drank could not be too hot or too cold. Everyone treated him like a god. Everyone except her! 
Ivarick gritted his teeth as his body trembled from the pain. “Aren’t you afraid of offending the gods by treating me, a priest, like this?” 
Wynter said slowly, “The gods? If the gods were here, a traitor like you would be the first one they would 
punish.” 
The crowd immediately began to murmur when they heard the word “traitor“. Some of the priests came forward trying to stop her while some began praying. 
All of them were priests of the chapel. They definitely wanted to help the chapel. 
Their behavior was clear. They were trying to suggest to the public that Wynter was disrespecting their gods. It was a huge dishonor. 
The association also made a statement. They claimed that the incident in Swinford’s chapel was a special case. Although it was the guests‘ fault, the priests were also at fault. 
The priests were wrong for not checking the identities of their guests, resulting in such a big scandal. 
Despite how things had turned out, there were still people out there who wanted to save Ivarick. Some of the worshipers were still defending him. 
Some people even believed that Wynter’s attitude was the bigger problem. After all, she was the CEO of the Quinnell Group, butt she remained disrespectful toward the priests. 
Some of the comments on the internet were just disgusting. 
“Mr. Edore isn’t the only priest within the chapel.” 
“Can’t she be more polite toward the other priests?” 
“She is in a chapel! Is there a need to be so hostile?” 
With such people still around, Wynter’s efforts weren’t enough to destroy the Foplyan troops due to the power of faith. 
###chapter762
Chapter 762 Tablets Discovered 
The concept of priests being better than ordinary people had drilled into the public for far too long. The only way to rescue the heroic spirit was to break that perception! 
The reason why priests were highly regarded was because they had compassion for the world. However, evil priests deserved no respect. 
If Ivarick was not going to tell her anything, she was going to look for it on her own. If one wanted the biggest shrine… She looked up at the top of the statue’s head. 
The statues in the main chapel were usually huge. The head of the statue would be decorated lavishly too, so there was a small part that was blocked from public view… and that would be the best place to place a tablet! 
Wynter immediately tore off the cordon surrounding the statue. She stepped onto the pedestal of the statue and climbed her way up with her bare hands! 
There were now even more people taking videos of her. No one knew what she was about to do. The priests in the chapel wanted to stop her, but Wolf stopped them all! 
“Sister, Ivarick was wrong, but the Mystic Path is not! You can’t do that to them!” The priests were yelling at Wynter. What she was doing was unforgivable! 
“Sister Quinnell, you’re debasing our statues! Do you want to get sent to hell?” 
Despite the threats, Wynter did not slow down, nor did she look back. At that moment, Ivarick’s face drained of all color. He never thought that Wynter would correctly guess where the tablet was! 
If the tablets were found, he would be… 
Ivarick got up, but Dalton kicked him against the statue. Instantly, his mouth bled. Blood splashed onto the pedestal of the statue. 
Dalton explained, “What that priest said was right. The gods would be happy if we sacrificed a priest to them. After all, you are a disciple of the gods.” 
With a thud, Dalton kicked Ivarick once more. The other priests looked aghast. 
They were about to say something when Wynter yelled, “I found it!” Holding onto the head of the statue, she started throwing her findings to the ground. Tablets after tablets were thrown to the ground. 
“What is this?” 
“This isn’t the name of our gods!” 
“My God! These are names of dead people!” 
“Why would their tablets be here? Impossible!” 
“Look at it. Their names are so strange!” 
Chapte: 762 Tablets Discovered 
“Of course, it’s strange! These are names of Foplyans!” 
“What? Foplyans?” 
“Hold up. Why is this name so familiar?” 
“What else? These five are not any ordinary Foplyans! They are the main culprits of the Swinford Massacre! These five officers did experiments on the people of Swinford! 
“They killed many of our kind. Why would their tablets be in 
Swinford’s most famous chapel? Why?” 
“Don’t tell me that we have been worshipping the war C 
“This is foul! The chapel needs to explain this to us right now!” 
who invaded Cascadia!” 
The public who saw this could no longer accept this. They surrounded the priests in the middle! 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
Go 
212 
###chapter763
Chapter 763 The Power of the People 
The internet was in an uproar. This entire incident was more than just child trafficking! Why would there be the tablets of Foplyan war criminals in a Cascadia chapel, and why was it being enshrined? 
“Have we been worshiping them?” 
“I don’t believe that the chapel is not responsible for this!* 
“Why is no one caring about this?” 
Comment after comment flooded the internet. Wynter silently watched on. She was observing how much the power of faith was deteriorating. It was still not enough. Why was it still not enough? 
Just as Wynter was mulling over it, Annie said something to one of the livestreamers, “Miss, are you recording? Do you have fans?” 
The live streamer was so furious she was almost in tears. “I do! I have a lot of fans! I’m going to expose 
this chapel!” 
“I’m not talking about this. Could you tell your fans that I have seen many of our country’s soldiers who had been protecting its people being bullied terribly by the Foplyan soldiers?” 
Annie scrunched up her shirt and pointed ahead. “A boy standing there is about to vanish. He looks like he has just started middle school. 
“I’m the girl who was sick just now. I caught something evil here and I saw those Foplyan soldiers. The pretty lady who rescued me would only come here because she wanted to take down those soldiers. 
do you hap 
“I don’t really know what’s happening right now, but I heard that boy say that they were about to 
vanish. It has something to do with everyone’s faith. Everyone had given their faith to the Foplyan soldiers. 
“It’s just like when we pray to our gods, we have given them our faith, which was why they would bully the boy and the others. 
“Could you tell your friends to protect our soldiers? They can’t be forgotten, because without them, we will not have the peace that we have now.” 
The live streamer was stunned to hear that. At the same time, her phone had recorded everything Annie said. The video was streamed onto the internet at the same time. 
That live streamer was not as powerful as the other arrogant live streamer. However, when everyone saw the video, their eyes reddened instantly! 
It was already disgusting enough that they had given their faith to the Foplyan soldiers, but those soldiers were using their faith to bully their own soldiers! 
This news went viral on the internet! Every other live streamer was forwarding this video. 
“This little girl should be talking about the underground heroic spirit.” 
“I’m going to fucking tear this chapel down!” 
Chapte 763 The Power of the People 
“Calm down. I heard my grandma tell me that spirits rely on faith to continue existing in this world. The 
best 
way is to give them faith and they will return. We all want them to return!” 
“The little girl said that even after they died, they still tried to protect us.” 
“We’re a great country! They have done it!” 
“No one would dare to bully us anymore! It’s all thanks to them!” 
“Our country’s developed well! It’s thanks to them too!” 
“I hope all of the heroic spirits return to our country with pride.” 
“I hope you all get to be reincarnated. Come to me. I’m pregnant.” 
“If gods exist, please let them return.” 
###chapter764
Chapter 764 Bring the Heroic Spirits Home 
Faith was fuel for spirits. It was easy to describe the people of Cascadia. When they encountered an incident, they would all stand up for their country. 
From there, one could see how extraordinary the people were. They had never once forgotten the humiliation they suffered when their country was weak. 
History had taught them that no one would help a weak country. One of their great philosophers once said that there was a difference between not having a sword in one’s hand and having a sword in one’s hand but not using it. 
They remembered it all. Their soldiers were young boys, but they were theirs. 
People from other countries once mocked the people of Cascadia for not being very educated and only liking to surf the internet, unlike people from the rest of the world. 
What they did not know was that the people of Cascadia only chose to do nothing when they were at peace. 
As long as the country needed them, they would all stand up. No one in the entire world loved their own country more than Cascadians. 
At this very moment, they knew that their soldiers were protecting them. Now that the heroic spirits needed them, they had to stand up and bring them all home! 
Their wishes turned into power. It was enough to break through anything. It was always said that fate made the world turn. Any spirit could be reverted because of faith. 
The people’s faith in the soldiers at that moment was extremely strong, much stronger than the ones they had for the Mystic Path. 
The protected Foplyan soldiers suddenly no longer had any barrier between them and the real world. 
Wynter saw how the colors of their weapons faded. She reacted quickly and grabbed a Foplyan soldier by the throat. 
Her gaze was icy. “Just because you’re wearing a uniform you think you’re all high and mighty? Once 
you’re stripped of everything, you’re nothing.” 
The Foplyan soldier never expected that someone in Cascadia would be able to overthrow the faith 
toward the Mystic Path. 
Didn’t their fortune teller tell them that such a thing would not happen? Why were their weapons fading in color? Also, the Cascadian soldiers who were in rags, why. 
The Foplyan soldier’s eyes widened in disbelief. “Impossible! This is impossible!” He was talking in 
Foplyanese. 
Wynter replied to him in Foplyanese, “There is nothing that’s impossible. Not only did you all lose the war when you were still alive. After your death, Cascadia’s economy consistently surpassed Foplya’s. 
Chapter 764 Bring the Heroic Spirits Home 
“I’m only telling you this out of the goodness of my heart. I’m not planning to destroy your spirit. I’m going to make you watch from down below. History will never forgive invaders. Look at how Cascadia is overtaking Foplya bit by bit.” 
Then, she threw the Foplyan soldier and a dozen other Foplyan spirits in a formation created from resentment. It would constantly replay the thing they regretted the most when they were alive. 
The day they lost the war, they received the news and they had to kill themselves by cutting themselves up. Wynter was going to let them experience that over and over again! 
The Foplyan soldiers thought that even if they were caught, they had the protection of faith. They could reincarnate again, but Wynter did not let them reincarnate at all! 
The moment they returned to the underworld, the Foplyan soldier instantly understood what Wynter 
meant. 
Everything in front of him was a scene too familiar to him. Soon, his superior would tell him that they had lost the war. He did not want to stay there! 
The Foplyan soldiers tried hard to escape. 
###chapter765
Chapter 765 Someone Familiar 
Wynter smiled faintly. “Maybe you’ll find this too boring. Don’t worry. This is just one of many. You all know clearly how long you have been bullying them. 
“I heard you all like nails a lot. Enjoy them. I’ll also tell you all one more thing. No one will hope that you will escape from this. 
“Our people are different. Without our soldiers, there will not be us. In Cascadia, there will always be countless people praying for our heroic spirits. 
“But you all? Trash should remain where it belongs, in the bin.” 
No one could hear what Wynter said, but the spirits could, including Cody and Harrison. They had heard too many quotations from the scripture. The most common one was always to forgive and forget. 
The saints always thought of forgiving, thinking that the past should no longer be mentioned. This caused them to be quite disappointed when they were in the underworld. 
They had paid with their blood, so why were some being forgiven? 
Harrison could never understand. His aura was getting weaker. Up until that day, he had heard many voices from the underworld. 
He was resigned. He could still remember when the country was weak and who bullied them. One should never forget their history. The longer one spent in the underworld, the more resentment they would build up. 
Initially, heroic spirits would never form resentment. But for a long time, they had been given too much negativity. 
At that moment, they had received prayers from their people from all over the country. The resentment they had vanished. 
On top of that, Wynter had avenged them, so the hostility that the heroic spirits had all vanished. 
From a different point of view, what Wynter did would surely gain her some personal burdens, but that did not matter, since no matter what the gods did, Wynter did not care. The Foplyan soldiers in the underworld could hate her for all she cared. 
After closing up the Earthbound Formation, Wynter did what they had taught her. She tied the formation to the faith of a god the God of Wealth. 
The more that people had faith in the God of Wealth, the harder was it for the Earthbound Formation to break. The formation was definitely tight. 
Wynter was satisfied. She looked up and her gaze met with that of a man at the side. It was her gorgeous fiancé. He was seemingly studying what she was doing. Once he realized what she had done, he smiled. 
Dalton looked dazzling whenever he smiled. “How smart of you.” 
Was she being praised? Wynter was not ashamed of it at all. 
Chapter 263 Eurbone Fannlag 
Dalton’smiled even wider. “I’ll 
help you get rid of these personal burdens.” 
“No need. I won’t die.” Wynter did not care about these things at all. 
At that moment, Harrison could finally turn into the spiritual form. He walked over to Wynter and looked at her with benevolence in his 
es. “The heiress that the Quinnell family chose this time is great.” 
Initially, Wynter’s back was facing was surprised. “It’s you!” 
. He did not see her face. When she turned around, Harrison 
“Mr. Strex, you know Ms. Quinnell?” Cody 
Soked perplexed. How could they have known each other? 
Harrison’s hand trembled. His eyes were glued onto Wynter’s face. He was not wrong. 
Back then, the Foplyans built schools in Cascadia, pretending to be charitable, saying that they wanted the Cascadian children to have proper education when in reality they were experimenting on the children! If it were not for her, this matter would not have been publicized! 
###chapter766
Chapter 766 Return of the Heroic Spirits 
It was her! It was truly her! 
Just as Harrison was about to take a step forward, he noticed Dalton, who was standing next to Wynter. He was once again surprised. 
“You’re here too?” Harrison asked politely. 
Dalton replied calmly, “You’ve got the wrong person.” 
Harrison chuckled. “I haven’t. I will never forget the two of you. You two have reincarnated. How nice.” 
Harrison wanted to pat Wynter on the head, but he was afraid that he would pass on his dark aura as he was an unbom spirit. 
Wynter could read Harrison’s thoughts. She pulled Annie over to him. “Mr. Strex, look at her. Do you find her familiar?” 
“S. She’s… our new soldier that…” Unborn spirits could see through the souls of people. Harrison’s eyes reddened. “That’s great! So great! She’s already old enough to go to school!” 
Wynter bent down and smiled at Annie. “Go on, tell Mr. Strex about your school.” 
“Mr. Strex, I’m doing very well at school! The country’s policy has reached us. My teacher said that I could go to school for free. She even got me to take part in competitions. 
“Grandma’s health isn’t too good. When I finish school, I want to go to space!” 
Annie continued, “Mr. Strex, we’re really amazing now! We an go under the seas and even up to space. We even have our own nuclear weapons! When I grow up, I’m going to space!” 
Geniuses were already different from other people since they were young. Annie was no differnet. 
When Harrison heard what she said, and then saw the others outside praying for them, his eyes reddened. “How wonderful. How wonderful.” 
He said nothing further. He had served his country when he was alive. When he died, he had tried hard to send children away with his blessings. 
At that moment, he no longer had any wishes. 
The other heroic spirits felt the same as well. They stood in front of Wynter. Some already had broken limbs since they were alive. 
They were of a variety of ages, but most of them were old and weak, and only a few of them were young. However, they were all polite. They helped each other and walked over to Wynter to thank her. 
Richard stood in front of her. “I don’t know if my family still remembers me or not. If he- 
“Phil told me to take you home,” Wynter interrupted him. “He said that you told him before you left that once you won the war, you would take him to buy some candy. 
Chapte: 766 Return of the Heroic Spirits 
272 
“He also said that he had finished the things he needed to settle with the Quinnell family.” Wynter added, Phil has been constantly helping me. I hope you’re happy about it.” 
“I am.” Richard pressed the brim of his hat. “Since when has he become so talkative?” 
Wynter could hear the crack in his voice. He had spent too little time with his little brother. He believed that his little brother would understand. Back then, they all had their own ambitions to fulfill. 
Wolf was a beast. He could not understand the matters of the heart. But at the mention of Phil, he chimed in by gesturing, “Phil can really cook! He also prepares nice clothes for me!” 
Ever since Wolf had arrived at the Quinnell family, besides Fabian, who looked after him the most, the only other person who had never once looked at him differently was Phil. 
###chapter767
Chapter 767 The Power of a Great Country 
Phil disciplined children, but at the same time he also doted on them. He fed them whatever they wanted 
to eat. 
What Wolf said made the heroic spirits chuckle, They stood under the sun in a row. Although the people could not see them, they still raised their hands in salute to the people who saved them. 
The sun shone upon them, casting a warm glow on them. 
Annie looked at their bodies slowly turning transparent under the sunlight. They looked different from what she had seen before. They were golden and smiling widely. 
Suddenly, a little statue near the shrine fell. 
No one knew what was 
going on, but in that split second, they all felt something. A breeze blew by. No 
one had felt that pleasant before. They seemed to have heard someone saying thank you. 
Some also said that they saw images of soldiers flickering under the sunlight. 
Annie looked at Wynter. “Miss, are Mr. Strex and the others vanishing?” 
“No. They are just going to the place where they should be.” Wynter caressed her head before looking at the live streamer who helped Annie. “This is all thanks to you two.” 
The live streamer blushed. She was always shy whenever she saw beautiful women. Moreover, while she was scrolling on the internet looking at the viral news, she became a fan of Wynter. 
She never once thought that Wynter would be such a cool character! It turned out that Wynter was gorgeous and cool! 
Previously, on the internet, she only saw the back of Wynter together with Rowan! Some people on the internet said that she was ugly, which was why she did not show her face. 
However, that was completely false! She was as gorgeous as a movie star! Not only was she gorgeous, but she was also very cool! 
Seeing how her idol praised her, the live streamer stuttered, “T- Thank y–you!” 
у 
She had never been so serious in her life before. Her style was always bubbly and comical. To protect Wynter’s identity, the live streamer did not film her face. 
Wynter smiled at her before bending down and looking at Annie. “If it weren’t for you, I would not have found the clues so quickly. You’re amazing. But you have to promise me that you will achieve the things you promised Mr. Strex, alright?” 
Annie nodded. “I surely will!” 
Wynter looked at her seriously. “What if the aerospace industry is really tough? You might need to study a lot. Even after you finish studying, you might not earn as much as this lady here.” 
At that, Wynter apologized to the live streamer. “I’m not looking down on bloggers and live streamers. I 
Chapter 767 The Power of a Great Country 
am one too.” 
The live streamer immediately waved her hand. “1- I understand what you’re trying to say.” 
Wynter was trying to tell Annie some facts of life that could not be avoided. 
8 2/2 
Annie cocked her head and smiled. “Miss, I know all these things that you’re trying to tell me. Some people in our class want to become bloggers, but I’m different. I just want to study aerospace. It doesn’t‘ matter if it’s tough. 
“I could study and work at the same time to support Grandma. After all, I’ll be all grown up by then. I won’t be envious of other people earning more than me. Some want to become a blogger, but I’ll become the person that protects them. Hehe.” 
###chapter768
Chapter 768 Trust in Protection 
The simpler the words, the easier they could move a person, 
The live streamer who had recorded this down was stunned because she had been observing the interaction between Annie and Wynter. 
She understood a little of the subtext as well. It was as if Annie’s previous life had to do with the heroic spirit. Perhaps they had truly returned. If not, why would someone talk about protecting them once more? 
People on the internet often said that people had given up on ideals and ambitions in today’s materialistic world. A doctor did not seem like a doctor, and a teacher was not really a teacher. 
There were always cases of teachers slapping their students. Many people had only chosen their careers to earn money. 
However, one could not determine if these phenomena were right or wrong because the first thing a person needed to do was to earn money to survive. 
However, there was always hope that there would be a group of people who would fight for other people’s lives. They had compassion to understand how hard life was for ordinary people. 
They were born to protect others. They had their ideals. 
For a long time, the live streamer thought that there was no one like that anymore. That was until she met Wynter and Annie. 
She finally understood something. There was always someone doing good in this world. 
The soldiers protected their countries, healthcare workers were overworking because they wanted to save one more person, and even teachers had a huge impact on their students. 
One could not stop believing in the good just because bad people existed. 
The live streamer posted the video on the internet. Perhaps no one would be paying attention to it, but she merely wanted to express how beautiful that moment was. 
Wynter patted Annie on the head and made a call. Alexis was the one who picked up. He knew about Wynter going viral on the internet. He was the one orchestrating the replies on the internet. 
Ever since Wynter left the night before, Fabian had been worried. Finally, there was news from Wynter. The first thing Alexis did was to look for Fabian. 
“Mr. Quinnell Senior, Ms. Quinnell’s on the phone!” 
“Put it on loudspeaker!” Fabian stood up. Alexis got closer. 
Wynter’s voice was loud and clear. “I have a little girl here. Alexis, please take note of this. Yendel Village, Hope County In Swinford.” 
Wynter then said to Annie, “Annie, please tell me your grandmother’s phone number. 
Chapter 768 Trust in Protection 
2/2 
“One eight one…” Annie had a good memory. 
Wynter smiled. “Zwolf is her surname. She is living with her grandmother.” 
Then, Wynter said seriously. “Send someone reliable to their village. Don’t tell her parents about the sponsor. We will provide whatever resources she needs in school.” 
Wynter was meticulous. From what Annie’s grandmother said, she roughly understood Annie’s current 
situation. 
Annie had a little brother at home too. If they were to just give them financial help, Wynter was that it would never reach Annie. She would rather help Annie in her education. 
worried 
All these years, the Quinnell family had been helping children in the village and investing in national 
defense. 
Later, Shane was the one who stopped this program. Now, Wynter was going to resume this. She called the shots regarding the company’s policies, after all. 
After giving Alexis the instructions, Wynter was about to hang up. 
“Okay.” Alexis immediately added, “Ms. Quinnell, Mr. Quinnell Senior is here too!” 
Wynter called out to her grandfather, “Hi, Grandpa.” 
###chapter769
Chapter 769 They Have Gone Where They Should Be 
Fabian took the phone over. He could barely hide his anger. “Wynter, I heard all about the chapel incident. The fact that a chapel would have such a tablet is unforgivable. 
“You must get to the bottom of this! Who is trying to sell their country out like this and what is their agenda? 
“Don’t worry, even if you’re in Swinford, our family’s connections can help you as long as there’s a justified reason. If not, your uncles could help you too! 
“If they knew about this, they would surely protect you! This isn’t just about people hurting others. We must make the culprit who did this pay and get the punishment they deserve, no matter who it is!” 
Fabian understood that when such a thing happened in the chapel, a priest could not have done this 
alone. There would surely be connections and other worshippers supporting him. The worshippers who helped him with this had to be exposed! 
Wynter looked at the other people who were still waiting outside the door. “Grandpa, I know what to do. We don’t need to use any connections. Dalton is here. He has a nice face. I can use that.” 
Dalton smiled almost on cue. He bent down and said from behind Wynter, “Grandpa, this is all I’m good. for now. I have a nice face.” 
Fabian chuckled. “Alright! It’s good that you’re there.” 
Dalton would be able to wade through the mess no matter how deep it was. He might have seemed like an angel, but he was more of a devil. 
“Wynter, I have one last question.” Fabian’s voice was a little hoarse. “Phil has been waiting for so many years, but he has never seen his family return./ 
“He has been working hard for our family. Yet, he has no family of his own. He is starting to reminisce about old times. Are the heroic spirits alright?” 
Wynter replied seriously, “They are all well. I believe that their dreams will come true soon.” 
At that moment, the plant at the Quinnell residence blossomed. 
Phil had been caring for that plant for a long time. The plant was not suited to Kingbourne’s climate. It was almost dying. 
However, Phil could not find it in himself to throw the plant away. He remembered that his family back in Hawford once had a plant like that. 
Phil was busy cleaning the study room in his suit. The Quinnell residence was a special place to him, so he had always done the cleaning of some parts of it 
That was why, for so many years, Shane had tried to get more housekeepers in, but none of them ever succeeded. 
Just as Phil was wiping a photo frame, a breeze blew by. The photo fell and the glass shattered. 
Chapter 760 They Have Gone Where They Should Be 
2/2 
Suddenly, writing appeared on the photo. “You’ve done our family well. You’ve done your brother well too. You’re no longer sniffling. Amazing.” 
Phil suddenly stopped in his tracks. When he looked at the photo once more, tears welled up in his eyes.. 
He touched the words with a trembling hand. He chuckled loudly. “Of course, I’ve told you I’m more suited than you to be a butler. I’m full of grace.” 
They might not be able to see each other, but that did not matter. The mother who was pregnant and left a comment on the internet a moment ago, felt a kick in her womb. 
The hospital had diagnosed her as someone who would miscarry easily. They told her to be mentally prepared. She never expected that the baby would be so active and healthy! 
Even if she had not slept well over the past few days, at that moment, she was smiling widely. She could barely contain her excitement. “Hubby, come quickly! Come and listen to this!” 
###chapter770
Chapter 770 Questioning 
“All is well again! Honey! Our child is back!” The new father was hugging his wife, his eyes red. 
He was initially worried that his wife would be upset after the pregnancy test. Her pregnancy had been a difficult one, and she constantly felt nauseous. 
He had no choice but to consider the doctor’s suggestion due to her body’s condition, but he also could not bear to say goodbye to the tiny life inside her. After all, that was the fruit of their love. 
At that moment, everything was alright! 
“I wondered if it had anything to do with the comment I made today? 
At that thought, the woman immediately took her phone out and updated her comment, telling everyone on the internet about her incident! It seemed as if all was fated. 
That day, everyone truly welcomed the heroic spirits, welcoming them where they belonged! 
Everyone related to the incident in Swinford was taken in for questioning. The more important matter was that on that same afternoon, human skeletons were found under a garbage disposal area on the outskirts of town a short distance from the chapel. 
Initially, the criminal investigation department thought that there was some sort of murder case. 
However, upon further investigation, they found out that it was a mass grave. They found insignias on their clothing and other remains. 
After some investigation, they found out that the skeleton belonged to the 49th troop… The skeletons finally saw the light of day! 
Some people, such as the worshippers, were still stubborn about change, but the authorities in Swinford acted quickly. They immediately arrested those who worshiped the tablets and shrines. 
It could be said that every level of authority in Swinford had been involved in this case. The Special Operations Team worked incognito and swiftly, so much so that everyone was caught off guard. 
Some initially wanted to try to protect themselves, but whoever was involved in the case was 
immediately taken down. 
That person backing Ivarick could do nothing at all at that moment. Even his superior had been arrested. 
In an interrogation room, one of the worshipers said that she was a tourist who had come to visit Swinford, Wynter looked at the worshiper’s face through the glass. 
The worshiper was a woman, in her 30s. She dressed and behaved professionally, but there was a hint of pity to her as well. 
“Ever since I found out that something bad had happened to the other person, I’ve been having nightmares. I can’t sleep at all.” 
Chapter 770 Questioning 
The woman grabbed her long hair. “I’ve tried many ways to get rid of these nightmares, but they were not effective at all. I then remembered that I’d heard of the Mystic Path before.” 
Then, she looked at the police officer. “Sir, I’m a researcher of the Mystic Path. I’ve been to a lot of countries before. When we die, all our conflicts should have stopped. 
“Some of the spirits were stuck in foreign countries. We have to be forgiving. We can’t just keep on holding onto the past and not letting go. We have to forgive them and forgive ourselves. 
“When I realized this, I thought of giving them a shrine. I never thought of harming anyone. I only wanted to rescue these homeless spirits. There are no borders in the Mystic Path, after all, right?” 
The police officer was getting impatient. “Answer the damn question.” 
“I had no intention of harming anyone,” the woman said softly. “If you are really trying to ask me who made me give them a shrine, I can only reply to you that the gods have told me to do so.” 
Her answer made her seem like she had been brainwashed. The police officer was worried that she would be mentally unstable, so he released her without charge! 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter771
Chapter 771 No Escape 
No one would be able to just accept this! No one! No one in the country would be able to accept this outcome! 
Yet, she was just like a nutcase. If the police officer continued on this way, there would be no progress at 
all! 
At that moment, Wynter pushed the door and entered. She asked calmly, “Then, did the gods tell you that when you accepted the green card and money, there would be records?” 
The woman, who had been sitting for a long time, was a little taken aback. She looked up and said with a smile, “I do indeed have foreign citizenship, but for us Cascadians who’ve been working abroad for so many years, it’s all been for Cascadia.” 
“Is that so?” Wynter pulled a chair and sat opposite her. “Usually those that get the green card are not like 
you. 
“You come from a small fishing village. When you were a student, you attended some political activities. 
As for the details, I’m not going into it. It’s all written in your file. 
“There are indeed many Cascadians abroad who have been constantly working for Cascadia, but you’re 
not one of them. 
Though you have always been siding with the enemy, they have given you quite a lot, such as letting you skip grades, getting you into a famous university, and also helping you obtain citizenship.. 
“Although you’ve gone through plastic surgery, you can’t change your DNA. You can fake your name as 
well, but the rest…” 
Wynter said slowly, “You have a mother. We’ve contacted her to come over already. I believe she would also like to see her daughter, whom she has not seen for so many years, or rather her new daughter, given the change in your looks.” 
The woman stiffened. “Ha! Do you think you would be able to see my mother whenever you like? When my grandfather received his award, you all were not even born yet.” 
“Meaning to say, you’ve admitted who you really are?” Wynter said calmly, “Please let the record show that the suspect is mentally sound. Please also check up on this grandfather of hers. Go to Hawford and get him over.” 
The woman was baffled when she heard what Wynter said. Her face was completely drained of color. 
The police officer happily obliged. “I’ll go and contact them right away!” 
“How dare you come at my grandfather!” The woman stood up. She slammed her cuffed hands on the table. “You scum! You are asking to get 
fired!” 
Wynter scratched her ear, and said nonchalantly, “Take note of this and send it to her grandfather.” 
“Yes!” That woman’s family deserved to be punished altogether! 
Chapter 771 No Escape 
2/2 
When the woman saw that she no longer had any power, she finally felt fear for the first time in many 
years. 
She changed her attitude and sat back down on her chair. “Is this really necessary just because I believe in the Mystic Path? Can’t I just have my freedom to believe?” 
“The Mystic Path teaches you that all lives are equal. They definitely would not approve of you calling us scum.” Wynter did not buy what the woman was saying. “Aren’t you afraid of going to hell?” 
Wynter added, “Besides, I’ve met a true priest before. Some priests would rather break the rules to give pregnant women shelter, but your beliefs seem to be different. 
“The invaders you worshiped have hurt the entire country’s spirit. In a place like Swinford, even if your grandfather’s superior were to come, they would not be able to get you out, let alone your grandfather. 
“I’m telling you that for every day I am here, no one will be able to get you out. You can try it if you don’t believe me. Just watch what scum like me can do.” 
At that moment, Wynter’s gaze was ice cold. 
###chapter772
Chapter 772 Satisfaction 
The woman was clearly intimidated. She did not know how they had found out about the fact that she had once participated in political activities. 
She came from Hawford. It was a city connected to another country by a bridge. Education was great there. 
She was initially only trying to fit in, but later, she realized that the students there were much more progressive than the students back at home. So, she started to join the protests. 
However, when her grandfather found out about it, he immediately stopped her. So, no one was supposed to be able to find out about this! 
The woman told herself to not panic. When her grandfather arrived, everything would be settled. 
Her grandfather had connections, and their family was wealthy. Besides, she hadn’t done anything too harmful. She was merely worshiping a few shrines in the chapel. 
All she needed to do was admit her mistakes and pay the compensation. She was confident that she would surely be released after that because that was how things were solved in the past. 
However, the news that she received was that her entire family was under investigation! Her grandfather was arrested as well. When she heard that, she slumped onto her chair. 
“After investigating, we have reasons to suspect you as being a spy for another county,” the police officer announced solemnly. 
The woman initially thought of using the Mystic Path as her excuse, but she soon realized that it would be futile. 
It would be impossible for the culprit of this incident to get off the hook by just saying that she had insomnia. 
Not only her, but even her grandfather, who had been bribing others for so many years, also received the punishment he deserved. He had been taking the country’s money for himself. His children were not any better. 
The woman’s previous comments on the internet, showing off her wealth, were fished out by others. 
“My grandfather earns more in a day than they do in a year!” 
“The Cascadians could never let the past go. They must have some inferior complex.” 
“I’ve already gotten a green card. You will never be able to get it in your entire life.” 
There were scores of comments with similar brags. Together, they were enough to get her jailed, but no matter how serious the punishment was, it would not be able to quell the people’s anger! 
Everyone on the internet was talking about this. The human trafficking, the worshiping of the Foplyan soldiers, the bullying of the heroic spirits–all of this happened in one chapel! 
Chapte: 772 Satisfaction. 
Everyone was terrified to learn about this. What could they believe in in the future then? Who was doing this, and who was backing the chapel? 
The people on the internet asked tough questions, and the relevant authorities at Swinford were bombarded with emails and calls all day. 
Ivarick had been locked in the interrogation room for almost two hours. He initially sat in a reverent position, but then he slowly started to panic. 
When he heard the wails of a woman, he stopped chanting his prayers. He started sweating profusely 
instead. 
Wynter noticed that it was almost time. She entered and said, “I’m not going to waste any time with you. You were the one who encouraged her to worship the shrine. Who is the person behind this?” 
Ivarick looked like he was in a daze. 
Wynter looked at him. “You made a few generations of the heroic spirits be unable to reincarnate. People who believe in the Mystic Path would not be able to take it, but you’re not the same. You have Foplyan 
blood.” 
Ivarick put his hands together in reverence. “Sister, I don’t know what you are talking about.” 
“Is that so?” Wynter raised her eyebrow. “I’m sure you must know that your mother has gone to Foplya to work before. After all, this matter would affect you a lot.” 
Ivarick was clenching his hands tightly. 
Wynter looked at him. “Not long after your mother returned, there was an obvious bump in her belly. One could immediately guess which country the child belongs to.” 
###chapter773
Chapter 773 The Use of the Children 
“Stop talking.” Ivarick finally revealed his true colors. “I will not tell you who is behind this. You can go and look for yourself. Hahaha! You will never find them!” Ivarick had lost his mind. 
“You Cascadians are no match for us! The tablets were only just the beginning. We just did not hide it well enough. Aren’t you part of the 
Quinnell family? All of you will die a terrible death,” Ivarick said maniacally. 
Wynter stood up. “If the tablets were just the start, what’s the next step? The children?” 
Clearly, Wynter had guessed correctly as Ivarick’s expression stiffened a little. 
“Even if you don’t tell me, I’ll be able to find some suspects in your records, someone high up in Kingbourne. He must be great at fortune–telling, and not to mention old. You said that I would not find out about it even if I tried. 
“Going along this line of thought, the least likely suspect must be someone close to me.” 
Ivarick looked a little flustered. He clenched the handcuffs tightly. 
Wynter smiled. “Those children were sent to your chapel. You let them place the children there not only because they were worshipers, but because the children have their uses.” 
Ivarick could barely breathe. He wanted to deny it, but Wynter did not give him a chance to talk at all. She immediately got people to take him away. 
A person like him had been completely brainwashed. It would be pointless to continue the interrogation. 
What uses did the children have? Wynter had already looked into them. They were all healthy children. They did not look like they had been selected randomly. 
Wynter turned to a worshiper since she could not get anything out of Ivarick. The worshiper was sweating profusely. He looked at Wynter. 
“Ma’am, I was only dealing with the children. I didn’t know that there would be Foplyan soldiers in that chapel. If I had known, I would surely not do this! I am not a traitor to my country!” 
Wynter did not have the patience to listen to him. “Those children. Who were you helping to traffic? What uses do they have? Be honest. I’ll only give you this one chance.” 
At that, the worshiper’s palms were sweating even more. He looked around as if he was afraid of someone who was not there. 
“Ma’am, can you promise me I will be alive if I tell you about it?” 
*The sentence depends on your cooperation.” Wynter spun a pen in her hand. Her gaze darkened. “As for the other things you mentioned, no one would dare to interfere in the Top Unit.” 
The worshiper got closer to Wynter. “I’m sure you know there are a lot of rumors going around. 
“Recently, there is one that said that if one wanted to become young, they had to have more children. around, as their blood was the most natural form of elixir.” 
Chapter 773 The Use of the Children 
“Elixir? What the hell?” Wynter’s gaze turned cold. 
The worshiper looked around and said in a suppressed tone, “The medium had a prescription. Drinking one dose would make one younger by a few months. Only his prescription made one feel alive again.” 
“You said that this superstition has been making its rounds recently. Who is the one passing it?” Wynter asked. “List them all out. The more you list, the lighter your sentence.” 
The worshiper was a little hesitant. He licked his lips and asked, “Can you really ensure my survival?” 
they do?” 
“I promise.” Wynter handed the pen to him. “Explain while you write. What did 
The worshiper paused for a while. Initially, he did not want to write at all, but he then realized he had already been arrested. He had to bank on this to ensure his future. 
Then, he wrote everything down. 
###chapter774
Chapter 774 The Other Party Suffering 
When they saw the list. The entire interrogation room fell into pin–drop silence. 
They never would have thought that those who should have served the people would be so superstitious that they would harm others! 
Something about if one’s liver was not functioning, they had to drink blood to cure themselves. Or if their lungs were bad, they should find a healthy child and they would be re–energized! There were some cadres on that list! 
The people from the Top Unit were rather aghast when they saw the list, let alone ordinary police officers. 
Had it been infiltrated at such a deep level, using fortune–telling to brainwash others? How long had it been going on? Was Swinford still salvageable? 
Wynter did not waste any time. She kept the news a secret and got her team to start making arrests. 
Some of them were smart. When they realized that something was going on, they went up to the 
mountains to hide. 
They said that they were going on a holiday and stopped working. Some of them even had the so–called 
medication on their desks when they were arrested. 
The cleansing of Swinford took the entire day. After interrogating them, Wynter realized that they all worshiped a fortune–teller whom they had not met before. 
At that moment, Wynter did not want to focus on the fortune–teller, but instead only on the children. “If the prescription asked for a child’s heart, would you dig up a child’s heart?” 
“Of course, not.” The person who replied to Wynter looked around shiftily. 
Wynter instantly understood that all these people were monsters! They had lost their minds because of their powers! Wynter compiled all the information that she had gotten and handed it up. 
She was worried about what Ivarick said, that Swinford was only the beginning. She was worried that the same problem would exist in other cities. 
She got upstairs to pay attention to missing children, especially those on a larger scale. She felt that things were not that simple. 
As for those arrested, Wynter was not willing to even look at them. If she had not come to Swinford by coincidence, the children would’ve ended up being sucked dry of their blood for people like them. 
What the person behind this was trying to do was to infiltrate the chapel and control what the ordinary folk were thinking. 
After some time, Swinford would naturally fall. One could only imagine how terrifying it would’ve been if they were to only find out about it then. 
Wynter furrowed her brows. Ivarick had also brought up the Quinnell family’s death. 
|_ Chapter 774 The Other Party Suffering 
“Wolf, work quickly. We have to return to Kingbourne.” 
If it was someone close to her, she was going to look into them once more. For example, the harmless old man in her dreams, and the other relatives, as well as Shane. 
Wynter’s target was clear. At the same time, she knew how to make the other party reveal itself. 
She was going to selectively release news about the ongoing secret investigation. In any case, the internet was waiting for the outcome of the investigation Into worshiping the invaders! 
When a list of names appeared, it went viral! The people also found out about the children and the superstition involved! Thus, that from that moment onward, the other party would be the one suffering! 
In a mansion in Kingbourne, the butler had just finished preparing some medicine. He had just called out to his master when the old man in the bed threw a bowl to the ground and coughed violently. 
He was way too old. Even his breathing was a little heavy. He had been out the entire day and was exhausted. On top of that, the elixir was not the right one. 
He furrowed his brows. “Say that again.” 
###chapter775
Chapter 775 The Next Step 
“The stock that you requested previously has hit a snag,” the butler said cautiously, afraid to say something wrong that would infuriate his master. 
“It’s even trending online, talking about some chapel worshiping invaders or something.” 
The old man clenched his hands tightly. His breathing got even heavier. “Go down and lock the door. Don’t let anyone in. Il be doing some work.” 
The butler immediately bowed. “Yes, sir.” Then, he asked cautiously, “What if the young master arrives? The last time, I think he was at your study-” 
“Study? What was he doing there!” The old man stood up. His sunken eyes were glaring at the butler. “Did he find out?” 
The butler shook his head. “No! No! Before he could enter, I called him away.” 
The old man was silent for a while. “Keep a close eye on him. See if anything is off with him.” 
“Yes, sir.” This time, the butler hurriedly left. 
The old man did not return to bed. He limped over to the shelf. He had a flashlight with him. Then, he headed deeper inside. 
When his flashlight shone onto a wooden doll shrine, he stopped in his tracks. Then, he muttered something in Foplyanese. 
The hair on the wooden doll moved even without any wind blowing. Its voice rang out. “The shrine is gone! What will happen to our soldiers? Who on earth is trying to ruin our fun?” 
“That lady the Quinnell family got back from the village.” The old man looked at the photo of Wynter’s back on his phone. His eyes gleamed maliciously. 
“She did not die back then. Now, she’s causing a lot of trouble. It’s time to cut off the Quinnell family’s lifeline. 
“If you want your Foplyan soldiers to survive, you have to think of how to deal with the Quinnell family.” 
The old man left before the wooden doll could throw a fit. He walked very slowly, like a man clinging to 
his last breaths when he should have been six feet under. His hands were wrinkled and covered with 
spots. 
He held onto the stair railings and walked over to a hidden door. He downed the liquid in the glass bottle before heading forward. 
Drip. Drip. People might have assumed that it was underground water, like some sort of hot spring. But 
upon closer inspection, they would realize that it was a pool of water mixed with blood. 
The old man went in to have a dip. He closed his eyes in ecstasy. At that moment, he seemed to have 
gained a little more life, but it was not enough. It was far from enough. 
Cluple: 775 The Next Step 
He had waited for a long time. He no longer wanted to stay in this body. He had to get a younger one. 
That man from the Yarwood family was indeed the most suitable choice, but he did not know why that person’s aura seemed to have gotten much stronger. 
It was as if he would be able to see through the old man any second now. Luckily, there was the wooden doll to cover for him. No one would suspect him. He had to give up on the Yarwood family. 
At that moment, the most suitable choice for him was Tobias Quinnell. The old man turned on the screen hanging above the pool and looked at the video playing on it. 
It was a live interview. Tobias had dyed his hair pure silver, making his face seem even sharper. He looked like he was mixed–race royalty. What a young face. And his hands… 
The old man looked at himself before looking at the screen once more. His gaze darkened. 
###chapter776
Chapter 776 Looking Down on Tobias 
At the same time, in a studio. 
“Truth be told, Tobias, we’re all curious why you would agree to join this program,” the interviewer crossed his legs and asked with a light chuckle. “From what I know, this program needs someone who understands antiques. 
“The program would cover our country’s five–thousand–year history. As a celebrity, won’t this be a little challenging for you?” 
This question was a trap. The interviewer was not asking it with good intentions. 
Tobias often received questions like these. After all, in the public’s eyes, he was still a celebrity without any culture or education. 
He took it lightly, but his fans did not like to hear such condescending questions. 
Jacqueline was standing by the side, trying to signal to him not to answer. After all, his reply might be misconstrued. 
However, Tobias replied as if he was a changed man. “Well, because this program will cover our country’s five–thousand–year history, and even show off our country’s national treasures, as a celebrity, I hope to use my influence to get more young people to pay attention to this program, whether they’re fans in this country or abroad. 
“We have a lot of national treasures that have been lost abroad. If international fans noticed them, perhaps we could bring them home. It would be very meaningful then.” 
Even Jacqueline was a little surprised by Tobias‘ answer, let alone the interviewer. She was still thinking of what to do if Tobias accidentally lost his temper. 
The people online who were prepared to attack Tobias were baffled as well, 
“Since when could Tobias speak so eloquently?” 
“He rarely spoke so well in the past.” 
“Isn’t he uneducated?” 
“Please have a look at the previous programs. He is not one bit uneducated!” 
Although the previous program did not get to air due to some “special circumstances“, some managed to watch the live stream. They knew about Tobias‘ performance. 
His fans had also tried to promote Tobias‘ image before, but the stereotype was hard to get rid of. Otherwise, the interviewer would not have asked Tobias such a question. 
At that moment, the interviewer looked a little annoyed. He said, “It seems like you’re well prepared. I heard that you also invited a relative to join the program.” 
This was the second trap the interviewer had prepared. “This was a little unexpected. Usually, the guests 
Chapter 776 Looking Down on Tobias 
2/2 
that are invited to the program are professionals in their field. You sure are confident to invite your family. “The interviewer was clearly taking a jab at Tobias. 
Tobias looked at him. “Don 
worry, when the program gets aired, you will be even more surprised.” 
The interviewer thought that he had finally managed to infuriate Tobias. He smiled smugly. There was finally something they could write on that day. 
If Tobias were to answer the questions like how he did before, what was the point of getting him in the interview? Obviously, they wanted some gossip and dirt to write about. 
“I’ll wait for your performance then,” the interviewer said rather mockingly. 
Jacqueline witnessed it all. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter777
Chapter 777 Some Leads 
Jacqueline was an experienced manager. She was great at problem–solving. She made a call to the big boss. 
The big boss was on a high–speed train toward Kingbourne. Her big boss was none other than Dalton Yarwood, who had his hand around Wynter’s waist. 
The business class carriage was rather empty. They had been booked by the executives of the Swinford branch of Yarwood Group. 
It was because of the incident at the chapel that they found out that Dalton had come to Swinford. 
Many had told them to try to talk to Dalton to get their friends out of jail, but they would never dare to. The person sitting in front of them was Dalton Yarwood! 
Who on earth would dare to get him to get their friends out of jail? Of course, unless they were planning on getting fired! 
They thought of treating Dalton to a meal after the case, but they never expected that Dalton would be heading back to Kingbourne right after, so they had no choice but to come with him on the train. 
The three old executives wiped the sweat on their foreheads. They looked at Dalton. 
“Mr. Yarwood, we…” 
Dalton picked his phone up and looked at them, gesturing for them to wait. The three executives immediately shut up. 
“Hello. Yes, go on,” Dalton answered the call while opening a small carton of yogurt for Wynter. 
The three executives watched the scene unfold with a little bewilderment. In the past, if someone were to tell them that Dalton would care for another girl, they would never have believed it. How absurd was this? 
Dalton raised his eyebrow. At this moment, Wynter looked at him. He looked at her too. 
“His contract is shared with Quinnell Group. You can deal with it the way you think best. Don’t be afraid of offending anyone. Once the program gets aired, that’s the best time to hit back.” 
With the support of her big boss, Jacqueline got even bolder. Although she still did not know who the family member was that Tobias invited, any of his brothers was more than amazing. 
The interviewer and those who were looking down on Tobias would surely shut their mouths when they saw who it was! 
As the three executives listened to Dalton’s phone call, they looked at each other. 
Dalton’s gaze remained unfazed “I’m not going to look at the market analysis today. I’m sure you all have received news about the incident in Swinford.” 
The three executives immediately raised their hands in surrender. “Mr. Yarwood, this matter really has nothing to do with us. Although we know some people who have taken part in it, but- 
“Who are the people that you know?” Dalton cleared his throat and asked casually. 
The executives knew Dalton well. There was no such thing as casual when it came to Dalton. 
“Uh…” One of the executives hesitated. His gaze shifted to Wynter. 
Other people might not have noticed it, but Wynter was a pro. She looked at him. “What you mean is that. someone from the Quinnell family is involved as well?” 
“No, no, no. Ms. Quinnell, I only heard it from someone,” he quickly explained. “Ivarick knew a lot of people in Swinford. He was quite good at fortune telling too. Mr. Shane Quinnell had previously come to 
Swinford to dine with him before.” 
Wynter handed the yogurt back to Dalton. “Besides Shane, who else, such as shareholders or managers, attended this dinner?” 
That man was stunned, but he soon came to his senses. No wonder she was chosen as heiress to the Quinnell Group. She was not as dumb as she was rumored to be. 
She was so smart that one had to be on guard around her! 
###chapter778
Chapter 778 More Leads 
No wonder Dalton cared so much for her. The man thought for a while before naming a few names. 
Then, he suddenly remembered something. “Your cousin was there too! Yes! I remembered that he was quite close to Ivarick. 
“I was quite surprised. One of them was in Kingbourne, and the other in Swinford. How did they get to know each other? It’s quite strange, right?” 
The executive looked at his colleague. The other man mused to himself, “Idiot! Don’t look at me! Can’t you 
see Mr. Yarwood is looking at us? You’ve sold yourself out!” 
As expected, Dalton said, “Meaning to say, you all were there at that dinner too.” 
The executive suddenly stopped. He wanted to slap himself. 
Dalton did not react. He said calmly, “Explain how they got you to become his worshiper at the dinner.” 
The three executives instantly started sweating profusely. 
“He had an accurate reading. He could even figure out what happened to us recently.” 
“Later, we each gave our offerings. Whatever we did was smooth sailing” 
“But we really didn’t know about the child trafficking!” 
“They are membership–based. The more you believe, the more authority they give you.” 
you,” 
“Mr. Yarwood, I’m sure you know that in the business circle, people might not talk about this openly, but they secretly want to gain more success. 
This was not a good trend for the current business. Everyone in business, whether it was big corporations or small businesses, believed in fortune–telling. They all wanted a good reading. 
Wynter, who knew a little about fortune–telling, understood where they were coming from. But sometimes, people just got too obsessed with it. 
She thought about her cousin on her great–uncle’s side. Wynter never had any impression of this cousin of 
hers because he seemed to have done nothing. 
However, she did not believe that someone would just appear at Ivarick’s dinner for no reason. If there was a membership, someone must have created this membership. 
Wynter understood how she was going to proceed with the investigation. 
Shane did things in the open, but he did not have the brains to be brainwashed either. As for the others in the Quinnell Group, she had not gotten rid of them because she had not dreamt about them. 
That was also because they had never done anything. They had their focus on someplace else. 
If everything was just like in her dream, her grandfather would be bedridden and terribly sick, Albert would be held back by his first love, and even Cody would find it difficult to appear in dreams. 
Chapter 778 More Leads 
2/2 
But it turned out, they had always wanted to destroy this. They wanted the heroic spirits trapped in the underworld and the Foplyan soldiers to be constantly worshiped at the same time! 
The century–old Quinnell Group would be destroyed in the blink of an eye because there was no longer this foundation! 
Perhaps some tourists would find out about the tablets, but the heroic spirits would not last until then. 
Wynter could imagine how guilty her grandfather would feel in her dreams if she just closed her eyes. Her great–great–grandfather had handed over the responsibility of the Quinnell family to her grandfather. 
It was about a promise that was made, and even more importantly, the livelihood of other people. However, when he was sick and vulnerable, all these people had done so many terrible things behind his 
back! 
Wynter clenched her hands tightly. A hostile aura started to appear from under her eyes. The black mist that filled the air was all because of personal burdens. 
Dalton realized what was going on. He reached his rather cool hand over and caressed her head. At the same time, he said to the three executives, “You’ll head back at the next stop. I understand the situation already. Someone will deal with the rest. 
“This is a warning to you three. If you make the same mistake again, you know the Yarwood Group’s rules.” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading 
###chapter779
Chapter 779 The Evil Dalton Yarwood 
The three old executives nodded immediately. Then, they took their briefcases and got off at the next stop. 
The train usually did not stop for a very long time. Occasionally, a person or two would come on board. 
Wynter was a little delirious, not knowing whether she was dreaming or if it was reality. She only wanted to seek revenge. Something was burning in her throat and her eyes. 
Dalton’s voice cut through the noise. “Don’t think too much. Have some sleep,” he said softly. The coolness of his fingertips could cool her down a little. 
“You’re feeling terrible. You still have me as your blood bank, right?” 
Wynter found out previously that he could really absorb the things in her body. His blood was a fatal attraction for her. 
However, Wynter did not open her eyes. She merely leaned against his shoulder, trying to control her emotions. 
She had once said before, there were too many things going on in her mind. Why was he in period clothing? Why was she letting him bathe her? Why was she berating him for being disrespectful? 
Wynter shook her head. Impossible! She was not a bully. Look at his resentful face! She was not that dominant of a character. There must have been some misunderstanding 
shes 
slowly looked away. Was this her past life? If that was it, she was way too vicious in her past life. 
No. She had to look for Atwater. In the past, Wynter did not like to look for him because he was too steadfast. 
He liked fortune–telling under a bridge. He roamed all around. She could not possibly make him stay in one place. Besides, with his abilities, there would be no trouble falling upon him. 
However, the Quinnell family matter was no small matter. The enemy was deliberately targeting the business world. They were not just targeting one corporation. This could affect the entire country’s business lifeline. 
Businessmen were staunch believers of fortune–telling. Perhaps Atwater could talk some sense into them. 
From Wynter’s point of view, some people did not want to turn around anymore. They might even cause some trouble. 
At that thought, it seemed like she needed to return to meet Lucas once more, but she did not know when he would be transferred back to Kingbourne. 
However, the person she had to look into with urgency at that moment was none other than Declan. 
Wynter shut her eyes once more. She 
wanted to think about what she should say to her grandfather. On the journey back, Wynter was sound asleep. 
Chapter 779 The Evil Dalton Yarwood 
2/2 
Every now and then, Declan fed her some water. It had to be said that if the three executives saw this scene, they would be bewildered. Of course, no one was stunned, except the malevolent spirits. [1 
Leo and the twins were trembling. Wolf was sitting behind them. He got them to sit in a row. Occasionally, when he couldn’t untangle the chain of pearls, he would run over to Dalton. 
He was in charge of keeping an eye on them. If they were naughty, he was allowed to eat them. 
Leo wanted to say, “Lord Chaos, do you not remember anything anymore?” But when he saw how gentle, yet evil Dalton looked, he could not help but shut up. 
Although there were rumors that Dalton was a playboy, no one had ever witnessed it. It was true that all evil spirits feasted on a cultivator’s soul, but did he no longer need to increase his powers? 
Leo could not help but look at Dalton once more. Dalton was covering Wynter up with a blanket. The setting sun shone on his perfect face. Wynter, who was leaning on him, moved a little. 
Dalton smiled and kissed her on the forehead. “It seems like you haven’t remembered who I am yet. How 
interesting.” 
###chapter780
Chapter 780 Not the Same as Before 
The journey back to Kingbourne from Swinford was not too long. When Wynter woke up, the sun was almost setting. Coincidentally, it was also rush hour. It was bustling with people everywhere. 
She did not know why, perhaps it was because of a good nap, but Wynter felt much more relaxed. It was as if the uneasiness caused by the personal burdens had vanished. 
She was previously still hesitant about how to explain everything to her grandfather. At that moment, she felt that there was nothing good in hiding anything more. 
Through Albert’s incident, Wynter understood something even more. She understood that the upset that came from betrayal was only temporary. What was important was to stay safe and avoid danger. 
Besides, her grandfather would probably know the truth better than anyone. 
Whether it was the chapel incident or the things that the shareholders of the Quinnell Group did, they were terrible. 
Although her grandfather would be upset when he heard it, it was better than keeping him in the dark. 
Wynter took Dalton along to the Quinnell Group’s headquarters. The blogger that was dissing Wynter the night before was being shredded to pieces on the internet. 
How she came to fame was because of her take on everything. It was as if there was nothing in the world that pleased her. But in reality, she was just a bully, instigating people on the internet to bully the weak. 
This time, she crashed badly. Her previous comments had been dug out to be commented on, being held up against what she did to Wynter. 
Not only would the Quinnell Group bring her to court, but the people on the internet would not forgive her about this matter too. There was nothing to forgive about the tablets and shrines in the chapel! 
Although Wynter’s face was not revealed, she was the talk of the town. This time, everyone was discussing this incident. + 
The Quinnell Group’s share price rose exponentially once more! Insiders had commented that it would be hard for other companies to surpass Quinnell Group at that moment. 
Fabian’s phone had not stopped ringing since afternoon. Every one of his old friends was congratulating him, “Fabian, your family is amazing! Your granddaughter has really surprised us all!” 
In the past, when people spoke about Wynter, they only spoke about how she was a country bumpkin who didn’t understand etiquette and rules. 
At the family reunion banquet the last time, they seemed to have accepted her, when in fact, they were just doing it out of respect for her brothers and Dalton. No one had thought that she would be any good. 
After all, how could a girl be better than a boy? But this time, they were truly impressed! The corporation that was doing the best at the moment was none other than the Quinnell Group! 
The Quinnell Group had a traditional upbringing. No one would have thought that they could ever be this 
Chapter 700 Not the Same as Before 
famous. 
Of course, if one deliberately tried to market the Quinnell Group, the people on the internet probably 
wouldn’t buy it. 
However, Wynter’s actions had put a spotlight on the Quinnell Group. At that moment, the staff of the Quinnell Group could walk around with pride. 
When they were asked where they worked, everyone praised them with thumbs up when they mentioned the Quinnell Group, This was the biggest change to the staff there! 
In the past, they had endless presentations to do. The upstairs would never once see what they did, but who they flattered. 
At that moment, the company had broken precedent by promoting real talent. They reshuffled the entire staff and fired the managers who knew nothing except for how to tell other people what to do. The staff benefits were the best at that moment. 
This made the Quinnell Group famous on the internet too. All of this was thanks to their new executive 
CEO. 
Thus, when Wynter entered the office, staff members started applauding her. They were not trying to flatter her, but instead, it was a sincere reflection of their feelings. 
#Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter781
Chapter 781 Marriage 
It wasn’t just because they were staff members at Quinnell Group; they were sincerely impressed by what 
Wynter had done. 
The video wasn’t complete, but they could tell who had rescued the children and gotten the heroic spirits 
to return. 
Wynter was a little stunned. She looked at Alexis, who adjusted his glasses and explained with a smile, They admire you. The video of you is making its rounds on the internet. Many people have come to ask if 
we have any of your merchandise.” 
What the hell did they mean by merchandise? 
Before Wynter could ask anything, Alexis added, “The video did not capture your face, but rather Mr. 
Yarwood’s. He was standing right next to you. Everyone has started shipping the two of you.” 
“What? A video? Let me have a look,” Dalton said. He seemed to be interested and was smiling widely. 
The aloof aura that he normally exuded slowly vanished. 
Quinnell Group’s staff members had rarely seen him in the past. After all, his health condition was no 
secret. 
on with a 
Everyone knew that he had been sick since he was a child. He was also a mysterious 
aversion to socializing. He would never be in such a public place, let alone act so friendly and 
approachable! 
Ever since Wynter had joined the company, it seemed like Dalton had basically married into her family. Although that sounded quite inappropriate, it was quite apt. 
He had such a strong presence that no one dared to talk when he was around. 
Wynter had realized that too. Every time he was around, the others would be especially quiet. Her gorgeous fiancé indeed had the skills to grab attention. 
However, there were still some excited people who were shipping them on the spot. They could not help but yell, “Mr. Yarwood, you seem very close to Ms. Quinnell, When are you two getting married?” 
“Your babies will be gorgeous!” 
Hold up. They were not progressing that quickly! Wynter was barely prepared for her life after marriage. Why were people already jumping ahead to imagining her married life and babies? 
Wynter subconsciously looked over. She was about to say something when Dalton beat her to it. 
“I think so too,” Dalton said with a low chuckle. 
He cleared his throat. “I’m just afraid that your Ms. Quinnell might give up halfway. After all, she had a really terrible eye for beauty when she was young.” 
Wynter was speechless. Couldn’t he let the past go? After all, everyone went through a stage when they were ignorant teens who didn’t know better. 
Chapter 251 Mamage. 
2/2 
But Dalton was only teasing her. He reached his hand out and tucked her hair behind her ear. “I’m ready at any moment. It’s up to you. Let me know what type of wedding you want, and I’ll prepare it for you.” 
“I’m not considering that right now.” Wynter tugged on his hand. 
Although she did not use much strength, his body moved closer to hers. His woody scent was attractive and seductive. He bent down a little, teasing her. 
The entire atmosphere oozed forbidden desire. Perhaps it had something to do with their looks and temperament, which were polar opposites yet somehow complemented each other. 
Furthermore, Dalton’s raised eyebrow made everything seem even more tantalizing. 
Wynter could not explain herself. She suspected that Dalton was doing it on purpose. He was not that 
weak. 
However, on second thought, she had not been helping him with his recovery recently. On top of that, shel was quite strong. Maybe she had really tugged on him too hard? 
This scene was enough to make the staff members swoon. This was what they wanted to see! They wanted to see two dominant characters trying to woo each other! 
###chapter782
They had initially thought that no one would dare to approach Dalton. 
But as they looked at Wynter, she was standing in front of Dalton without showing any signs of fear. She was even quite dominant as well! They loved it! 
Wynter seemed to have noticed the excited looks on the staff members‘ faces. However, she wasn’t sure 
what they were so excited about. 
Dalton, on the other hand, found it interesting. He had been shipped with someone else a long time ago, but that hadn’t been a good experience. 
Dalton and Wynter entered the elevator as everyone watched on. 
Just as Dalton pressed play on the video on his phone, he got a call. He had an international meeting to 
deal with. 
He immediately asked Alexis for a meeting room. He was clearly treating the office as his own. 
On the other hand, Wynter headed straight to Fabian’s office. She didn’t beat around the bush.. 
She seized the opportunity while Fabian was still in a good mood and told him everything about the chapel incident, including their family’s involvement. 
“Grandpa, Albert and I have been thinking about who could have been behind this and planned for it at 
such a time. I have my suspicions.” 
Wynter looked away. “The only person who knows your weakness and can lead the shareholders is Great- 
Uncle Declan.” 
When Fabian heard what Wynter said, he raised his hand and put it down once more. His gaze darkened a 
little. 
“Wynter, it seems like you’re not just suspicious of your great–uncle. There seems to be more. What else are you planning to tell me?” 
“That dream.” Wynter looked at Fabian. “Quinnell Group was acquired by Fopylans in the end.” 
Fabian’s walking stick fell to the ground with a loud clang. 
He had never expected this to be the ending. Even if Declan wanted Fabian’s position, he could’ve just let Fabian know. Even if Declan was ambitious enough to come at Fabian, it wouldn’t have made Fabian so 
disappointed. 
“Have you tri 
for all.” 
proof?” Fabian swallowed his saliva with difficulty. “I want to be done with this once and 
Wynter knew how much Fabian valued family relationships. She said honestly, “I have no proof, but I’m quite sure. If it wasn’t him, nothing else can explain why my cousin appeared at that dinner at Swinford 
“Did he really sell Quinnell Group away just like that? And to the Fopylans, no less?” Fabian supported 
himself on the desk and got up “Even when Quinnell Group was going through the most difficult of times, 
he had never done something like this. 
Wynter had no comment about the past. 
Fabian looked out of the window. He sounded a little disappointed. “Let me think about this. Just do what you think is right. I’m old, so it’s normal for me to occasionally reminisce” 
Wynter knew it was hard for someone to come to terms with being betrayed by the people they trusted 
the most 
Fabian might have seemed authoritative and powerful, but he had borne the burden on his shoulders alone for so many years. It was natural for him to be tired. 
“Your great–uncle does things calmly and gently.” Fabian had always been a logical person. He said, “Most of the shareholders have a good relationship with him. If you want to investigate him, you cannot alarm anyone. You have to strike in one swift motion. 
Wynter looked at Fabian’s lowered gaze. She knew how upset he was. 
There were some people like that–people whose behaviors changed when profit was involved. The people who got jealous were usually not strangers, but rather the ones closest to you. 
After the incident at the chapel, Wynter had understood that it wouldn’t be easy to get rid of the rot in 
Quinnell Group. 
Not everyone was as easy to deal with as Shane had been. She had looked through Declan’s file before. Ever since he was young, he’d been a smart scholar and had won many awards. 
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter783
Chapter 783 Dirtbag Father 
Back then, good grades were given even more importance than they were nowadays. To top it off, Declan had even graduated with a degree in finance management. 
So, it was rather strange. Why hadn’t he been appointed as the head of Quinnel Group? Technically, the heir was always the eldest son or grandson of the family. Since Fabian had inherited it instead, something 
must have happened somewhere. 
Wynter tapped her fingers on her phone–a habit of hers when she was thinking. At that moment, her phone rang with a call from Tobias. 
“Wynter, are you back?” His end of the line was rather noisy, he seemed to be outside. “I saw it online. My sister is amazing!” 
Wynter relaxed a little. “It’s nothing much. I want to ask you something too.” 
“Why don’t you come over? I’m going on a program tomorrow. With you around, I’ll be confident.” Tobias doted on Wynter. No matter what people praised him for, he would always say that Wynter was equally 
great. 
any who talked to him thought that he was just boasting. After all, no one was omniscient. 
Many 
Before Wynter left, she wanted to say goodbye to Dalton. But seeing how focused he was in the meeting, she got Wolf to stay back instead. 
After all, they got along much better with each other than they did with her. No one in the Special Unit could control Wolf. Yet, her gorgeous fiancé perfectly understood what Wolf wanted. 
By the time Dalton finished his meeting, an hour had passed. Only Leo was sitting outside, under Wolf’s 
orders. 
Leo was the most exhausted one that entire day! Lord Chaos had some sick interests. He’d gotten Leo to sit on a chair and do his homework! 
What a joke! Which beast would need to do homework? Since when did Lord Chaos like to study so 
much? 
Dalton, on the other hand, understood what was going on when he saw what was happening. “She made 
you go to school?” 
Wolf nodded and gestured, “I don’t want to go. I’m afraid I might bully others. What if I can’t hold back my 
violence? I might need to compensate, and I don’t have enough money for that.” 
“Then, you should try to control yourself.” Dalton said slowly. “There’s been a change of hands, so you 
should listen to your new master.” 
Wolf did not understand. What new master? He had always followed Wynter. He would not follow anyone else! Other than Dalton’s money, Wolf did not like anything about him! 
Leo could sense the sudden resentment coming from Wolf. He asked with a trembling voice, “Is this 
hapter 783 Dirtbag Father 
answer C or D?” What a sight to see a malevolent spirit studying! 
2/2 
At the same time, in one of the mansions the Quinnell family had bought in the southern part of the city, Shane had just gotten back. 
He had just been released. He was infuriated that he had been investigated. On top of that, he had also seen the comments about Wynter online. 
The fame she had amassed was something he had never gotten when he had been the executive CEO of Quinnell Group. 
Some had even called him to tell him that he had made a terrible decision. They said his biological daughter was even better than him, but he’d insisted on pushing her away. They even asked him if he 
would still have the opportunity to work with her. 
The way he had been defeated at one thing after the other felt like jabs to him. He was annoyed at 
everything. 
Hadn’t he been told that, as long as he adopted Naomi, his career would be successful? Why hadn’t it 
worked then? 
On top of that, there was no progress over on Albert’s side! Hadn’t they said that things would change. once Jolene returned? So why was there still no news from her? 
Shane could not wait any longer! 
###chapter784
Chapter 784 Not What It Looks Like 
Shane called Jolene hurriedly. At that moment, Jolene was trying to find an opportunity to get closer to 
Albert. 
According to the news she had received when she had been abroad, Albert was supposedly very different 
from how he had been as a teen. 
His mother had always been sick, so she hadn’t been able to take proper care of him. The family had also ignored him because he was the eldest. On top of that, his grandfather had always put pressure on him. 
Albert had always been lonely–even more so after Wynter had been kidnapped and the family descended 
into chaos. He had never been able to rid himself of that loneliness. 
Fabian’s decision to interfere in Jolene’s relationship with Albert had made it even more crucial for him to 
get therapy. 
That was what Jolene had thought. Yet, when she returned to the country and met Albert again, she realized that things were different from what she’d thought. 
No–it was worse than just being wrong. It felt more like there was a wall between her and Albert now. 
On one hand, there was Fabian. When he had found out that she had returned to be with Albert, he hadn’t ed to it at all. 
He had even said that he was not going to interfere with their relationship last time at the Quinnell 
residence. 
That had given Jolene no space to instigate Albert against Fabian or drive a wedge between them. Besides, she also wasn’t very confident that she could be in a lovey–dovey relationship with Albert like 
before. 
Albert never rejected her. He would occasionally get his secretary to send her clothes and bags. 
However, her instincts as a woman told her that he was behaving differently compared to the way he had 
acted years ago. 
For example, every time she called him, his secretary was the one who answered the call. In fact, that 
was what was happening at that moment, too. 
Jolene had seen Albert’s secretary before. Jolene did not like her at all because of her face! 
She could not understand why Albert would hire a female secretary. Why could he not have gotten a man 
Instead? 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Horton, but Mr. Quinnell is in a seminar right now. He has instructed me that he will not be available for calls unless they’re from his family.” 
The secretary sounded professional. Jolene could tell how busy she was because she was also replying to other people’s questions at the same time. 
Jolene was smart too; she did not insist on anything. She merely replied gently, “Okay, please tell Albert 
Chapter 784 Not What Looks Li 
that I’ll wait for him to return for dinner.” 
Then, she hung up before the secretary could respond. She had heard that the secretary was just a college graduate. She wondered how the secretary had gotten a job working for Albert. 
2/2 
Once she and Albert truly got back together, she would make sure Albert fired that woman! At the same time, Shane had already called her twice, but her line had been busy at the time. 
Jolene had noticed it too, but she deliberately didn’t reply to him. At this point, she had no updates for him, so she wanted to avoid him if she could. 
Yet, Shane would never let his chess piece have a mind of its own. He continued calling her. Eventually. Jolene had no choice but to answer the call. 
The moment she answered, she heard the sound of him angrily barking. “You said that as long as you returned and reunited with my son, you would be able to move into the Quinnell residence. What is going 
on right now?” 
“Uncle Shane, don’t be impatient. You know that Mr. Quinnell Senior doesn’t like me. I’ll still need some time to be able to move into the Quinnell residence.” Jolene was afraid that if she told the truth, Shane would think that she had no value, so she tried to avoid it. 
Sure enough, Shane’s eyes brightened. “You’re saying that my father didn’t allow you to move in? Did he kick you out?” 
Jolene lied through her teeth. “Yes.” 
“That’s great!” Shane thought that everything was under control. His anger dissipated, and he sounded gentle once again. “What was Albert’s reaction?” 
###chapter785
Chapter 785 Shane’s Arrogance 
“He…” Jolene’s mind spun quickly as she thought of an answer. She had mastered the art of lying after 
being abroad for so many years. 
“Of course, he’s unhappy about it, but he did not confront Mr. Quinnell Senior head–on. 
“Uncle Shane, I’m sure you understand. Albert has been brought up well. He is always polite. He told me that Mr. Quinnell Senior’s health has not been too good, so he told me to bear with it for the time being. 
“He said that I should stay away for a while. When Mr. Quinnell Senior softens his attitude toward me in 
the future, Albert will try again once more.” 
Jolene came up with this on the spot. Yet, Shane did not suspect her one bit. After all, he had expected this to happen. If Albert were to quarrel with Fabian because of his first love, that would not be logical. 
“As long as he is unhappy about it, that’s good. The unhappiness will slowly grow.” Shane’s gaze darkened. When one bottled up one’s unhappiness to a certain point, it would explode. 
He understood Fabian all too well. Fabian would never find any problems with himself. He was arrogant and would never let Shane have a better future than him, let alone any of his grandsons. 
After all, not only did he not give the company to Shane, but he had gone and given it to Wynter! 
Since Fabian was treating Shane like this, he couldn’t blame Shane for using his own tactics to fight for 
what was rightfully his. 
The more Shane thought about it, the tighter he clenched his fists. 
He 
e was really good at hiding his true self. His looks and the way he carried himself were an advantage to him. He could easily get others to believe him. 
Furthermore, since he’d been brought up with the Quinnells‘ upbringing and education, it made him one of a kind. Wearing a mask came to him very naturally, and he didn’t feel the need to tear it off most of the 
time, either. 
But now, he thought it was time; he no longer needed to please anyone. 
“You continue with the plan. Try to talk to Albert from time to time. Let him know that you two can’t be together because of his grandfather’s old ways. Say that he is looking down on you and that he wants to 
control Albert 
“Sooner or later, Albert will start to react to it. You can just report to me regularly.” 
Shane narrowed his eyes. “You can’t avoid me like today. Ms. Horton, you should understand who made it possible for you to return. Don’t think that I don’t know what you have been doing outside.” 
“Don’t worry. I will treat Albert well!” 
What had happened abroad was a dark part of Jolene’s history that she didn’t want to remember. 
She had reached a point where she couldn’t survive there anymore. Her reputation had been completely 
Chapter 785 Shane’s Arrogance 
ruined. She had even met a scumbag. 
2/2 
Shane and the others were the ones who had helped her so that she could return to the art circle. On top of that, no one in the country knew about what had happened to her while she had been abroad. 
At the moment, a few people in Kingbourne had approached her because they liked who she was. Of course, Jolene was not going to waste all of this when she had gotten this far with so much difficulty 
That was wh 
If those incidents ever came to light, she wouldn’t be able to survive. Jolene was obedient when it came to matters like these. 
There was only one thing that Shane had gotten wrong–he kept thinking that she was afraid of him. But in reality, Jolene was afraid of the person who had actually found her and brought her back. 
She had seen what that person could do. They were as great as the current head of the Quinnell family. They could find out whatever they wanted to, even outside the country. That proved how well–connected 
they were. 
Jolene looked into the distance. If Fabian was defeated, there would surely be a change of powers within the Quinnell family. 
###chapter786
That wasn’t the impression Shane had, though; he thought that everything was once again right on track. 
On top of that, Naomi had brought him good news. 
Into Cascadia was starting to film. This time, it was not like the last time when everyone had just been talking about it in private. This was set in stone. It would also be broadcast live on Cascadia TV! 
It was a mainstream program promoting the country’s culture, so everyone would want to be a part of it! On top of that, Naomi was not dispensable like the other guests. She was attending the program as a 
cultural relic restorer. 
One could only imagine the impact that it would have! 
Shane was so happy that he opened a bottle of wine and poured Naomi a glass. “You’re the child who makes me the proudest.” 
Once this program was on air, there would surely be a surge in patriotism. If Wynter could use that to her advantage, so could Shane. 
By then, he would not care if Fabian agreed to it or not. He was going to hold a press conference and tell the media that he was going to officially adopt Naomi! 
“I–I thought that you no longer wanted to have anything to do with me because of Wynter,” Naomi said with a little whimper, as if she were trying to hold back her tears. 
“That’s why I’ve been working hard to make sure I got on this show. At the same time, I just want to tell 
you 
that I–I’m not after anything from the Quinnell family.” 
Shane felt a little guilty. After all, he had raised her like she were his own daughter. He had a bond with 
her. 
Then again, Naomi had always been doted on. When had she ever had to suffer like that? 
No one would think that she was eyeing the Quinnell family’s wealth. She had always been exceptional. If Wynter had not returned, they would not have ended up like this! Even Shane’s sons would not have become estranged from him. 
At that moment, gossip and rumors were all over town. Marie was truly filing a divorce from him. More Importantly, if Declan hadn’t been helping him, those shareholders would;ve turned their backs on him as 
well. 
He was supposed to be the executive CEO of Quinnell Group and the head of the family! Those positions were destined to be his! But instead, he was being investigated and looked down on. 
The resentment in Shane’s eyes deepened. 
He realized he had lost his composure. He immediately resumed his gentle ways and caressed Naomi’s 
hair. 
“I have not been paying much attention to you. I’m sorry. Don’t worry; you are my only daughter.” Shane 
272 
said it as though he were making a decision. 
“Some children have been living outside for far too long. They have long forgotten about their biological parents‘ circumstances. Neither would they understand. Sometimes, an adopted child is much better than one’s real child. 
Naomi paused for a while. “Would my brothers…” 
“They will understand this sooner or later. Don’t worry about it. Just do well in the program. Leave the rest 
to me.” 
Shane said from the bottom of his heart, “I will make you the most famous cultural relic restorer.” 
At that moment, Chad chimed in excitedly. “Uncle Shane, that’s the way! Before Naomi returned, I was still a little worried. I was afraid that you would judge her. 
“But people on the outside can see things clearly. That daughter of yours has no respect for you at all! 
She does not wish you well at all! 
“All she wants is to fight for power. She even made Naomi feel uncomfortable. What a scheming woman!” 
###chapter787
Chapter 787 Dr. Miracle 
“Chad!” Naomi said rather fiercely, “I told you many times not to talk about my sister like that!” 
Chad sighed. “Naomi, you’re too kind. You treat her like an older sister, but has she ever treated you like a younger sister? All she wants is Quinnell Group. She doesn’t even show Uncle Shane any respect. 
“Look at what she has done recently. The only thing she knows to do is market herself and paint herself in a good light in front of Mr. Quinnell Senlor, Now, everyone in the circle is singing praises of her. She climbed up by stepping on you!” 
Naomi tugged at the hem of her shirt. “Even so, it’s good that Wynter is happy. It’s fine with me.” 
“Naomi, there’s no way you can be fine with this.” Shane had completely forgotten who was blood–related to him. At that moment, his resentment for Wynter had doubled thanks to Chad’s words. 
He had indeed underestimated Wynter. He had thought that all the havoc that had been wreaked up to that point had been because of Fabian looking down on him 
But on second thought, it seemed that Wynter was indeed trying to rob him of his power and position! 
Shane said to Naomi, “When you go on this program, show that you’re patriotic and that you love your country. I’ll get a team to help promote you. I’ll have everyone know that you’re the heiress of a great family!” 
“That’s very thoughtful of you.” Naomi was still as gentle as a flower. “If you think this could help you in any way, we’ll do it according to your plan. I will work hard.” 
Chad raised his glass. “Naomi, good luck. I’m sure you can do it! When Uncle Shane regains his power, no one will dare to say anything bad about you!” 
Shane could not help but beam proudly at that 
Soon, he would gain the upper hand. As for Wynter, since they had already cut ties, he would no longer 
need her. 
She had always been the one who brought him misfortune. At first, he hadn’t despised her and had even thought about accepting her. 
As long as she did not cause any trouble, he could have even put a mansion in the suburbs under her name. That should have been more than good enough for someone who came from a small town. 
But it was too bad that she just wasn’t willing to play nice with Naomi… or even him for that matter! 
Hence, she could not blame him for being a cruel father. Besides, he believed that relationships should never get in the way of one’s success! 
Shane was rather tipsy since he’d had a few drinks. Everyone could see the ambition in his eyes, even Chad, who used to think that Shane didn’t care about such things and only cared about family and respect. 
Sure enough, his grandfather had been right. Shane only cared about superficial things. He was more selfish than anyone else he knew. 
Chapel 27 Misch 
Shane wanted power. His desire for it was greater than anything else.. 
“By the way, Chad, what has Logan been doing recently?” Shane asked casually. “I haven’t seen him in a long time. He seems like a changed person.” 
At the mention of his brother, Chad pursed his lips. “Who knows what he is thinking? He is always going up against me. He wasn’t like this before.” 
It’s only normal. After all, you guys are half–siblings,” Shane said before realizing he had hit Chad’s sore 
point 
So, he immediately changed the topic. “How is your grandfather? I’ve always wanted to pay him a visit, but I couldn’t find the time.” 
Chad looked upset as well. “A few days ago, it seemed like he had completely recovered, but a few days ago, he relapsed again. I’ve been to many hospitals, but all of them told me that they could not do anything about it. 
“I’m sure it’s normal for a person my grandfather’s age, but I have a friend who told me that someone could treat him. It’s just that person is hard to locate. 
“That person only accepts consultations online. They have never shown their face–not even once. The Yarwood family had once looked for them too. It’s someone called Dr. Miracle.” 
###chapter788
Chapter 788 Wynter’s Fame 
“I heard that this Dr. Miracle is really hard to locate. Chad, do you want me to help you ask around?” 
Naomi was in a much better mood now, so her voice turned sweeter. 
She added, “i know a lot of people in the cultural relic circle. They usually have connections with 
mysterious people.” 
Chad was surprised. “You would do that for me? That’s great! As long as we find this Dr. Miracle, my grandfather will surely be treated!” 
“Our Naomi sure has great connections.” Shane was also idealizing this fact. 
Some strange old curmudgeons would only see if you were close to them or not. This had nothing to do 
with money, but rather connections 
Since Naomi had already said it so confidently, that meant that she had a way in. Shane was regretting it a little. He never had thought to network more with useful old people. 
Luckily, Naomi was blessed with a talent for cultural relics. Naomi lapped in all the praises. After all, she indeed had a wide range of connections. She had also once heard her teacher say that there was an amazing old doctor in the south. 
Of course, all these to her were just matters of fortune. If Dr. Miracle truly existed, there was no harm in having such a connection in her pocket. 
The three of them naturally thought of Dr. Miracle as some old man. They did talk about getting treated. They wanted to also think about how to gain the upper hand in the program. 
Naomi was not stupid. She had hidden her true nature well in the Quinnell family for so many years because she was good at reading other people’s behavior. 
At the same time, she was a pro at manipulating and controlling others with psychology as well. 
The more people liked her, the more fortune she would get. She was the female lead of the world. Everything revolved around her. 
She was indeed enjoying all this at first. If it were not for Wynter, who survived and returned, she would not have ended up this way. The position of heiress to the Quinnell family would have long been hers. 
However, after the last incident, Naomi realized something. The best way to amass fortune was not by only controlling everyone around her. 
That way, the fortune would be limited. Through the internet, as long as people believed in her and adored her, she could easily harvest her fortune. 
Once Naomi realized that, she started paying attention to “Into Cascadia“. If it were any other program, she might have hesitated. 
But who could be more knowledgeable in cultural relics than her? Her teacher was the best cultural relic researcher. 
Chapter 788 Wynter’s Fame 
2/2 
Everything was ready. All that was to be left was to start filming! 
At the same time, in a dressing room in front of a green screen. The moment Wynter entered, Jacqueline’s eyes sparkled! 
After the last recording of the TV show, Jacqueline found out who Wynter was. Of course, she also knew 
who Tobias was. 
However, when she saw Wynter once more, she could not contain her excitement. Wynter was the most. talked about person on the internet at that moment! 
It was not some celebrity, but the new head of the Quinnell family, Wynter Quinnell! Even the new assistants in their management agency were smitten by Wynter’s back. 
This was not only because of her family, but also because of the things she had done once she entered the Quinnell Group. Everyone was talking about it. 
Rowan was amazingly famous. Any other female celebrity who got involved with him would be afraid of the power of fame backfiring on them, but not Wynter.. 
Wynter could hold her own. Wynter was his sister–the sister who took over the entire Quinnell Group. 
It was one thing that the photo of her back attracted all m
###chapter789
Chapter 789 Fame in Fate 
Everyone on the internet knew what a national businessman was like. They also understood the Quinnell Group’s business philosophy. 
They used to despise how ugly their packaging was, but now they thought it was rather nostalgic. 
No matter how much the PR department of the Quinnell Group tried to explain and advise everyone to be logical and believe in science, everyone insisted that it was Wynter who had saved all the heroic spirits trapped in the chapel! 
After all, there w 
were r 
many leaked videos, most of them thanks to live streamers who wanted to instigate 
the matter. They initially wanted to mock Wynter, but it backfired. 
The internet’s logic was strange. If one tried praising a thing, no one would choose to believe it no matter how amazing it was. But when one used something negative to attract attention, many people would pay 
attention to it. 
Initially, they were all just observing, trying to see who would be so uncultured as to cause havoc in the chapel. They never expected that so many other things would be uncovered. 
The explosion of the Quinnell Group’s fame was not done on purpose. 
This was just the same as their artist management agency. The longer one worked there, the more one realized that some people were just born to be famous! 
Being famous was not something one could just attain. Yet, Wynter managed it every time. This proved. 
how much fame there was in her fate! Everyone loved a woman like her! How good would it be if she was 
a celebrity! 
Jacqueline merely mused to herself. She knew that an executive CEO could never become an entertainer. She just could not help but size Wynter up every time she saw her. 
Perhaps noticing Jacqueline’s gaze on her, Wynter looked over. 
“Jacqueline?” Wynter smiled. “My brother’s star manager.” 
Wynter walked over. “My brother has changed a lot recently. Thank you for taking care of him.” 
Jacqueline was a little surprised. She immediately said, “It’s nothing much, Ms. Quinnell. I’m just doing my job. I’m being paid to do this after all.” 
“Then can I talk to you as an investor?” Wynter changed the topic quickly. Jacqueline looked perplexed. 
Investor? 
“Dalton Yarwood handed everything to me,” Wynter said naturally. 
This was the first time Jacqueline had heard someone call her boss by his full name. She was a little stunned. His wedding present to her was way too precious. 
This did not look like something Dalton would do. He would rather give up the business to please his fiancée? 
In Fate 
202 
Jacqueline was in the entertainment circle. She was a smart person. She immediately asked, “Ms. Quinnell, what do you need me for?” 
“Just manage my brother how you manage him right now,” Wynter said calmly. “You don’t have to worry about me. I’m not familiar with your work. You’re the professional. I’ll let you handle it.” 
Wynter said while looking at Tobias‘ schedule on the table, “Rowan is signed to the Quinnell Group. Once Tobias finishes filming this program, could you get him and Rowan on a film set? 
“Don’t worry about the script. Acting suits him to a tee. No one would say anything about it.” 
Jacqueline looked hesitant. If it were other investors, she might not have said it directly, but she would 
feel extremely uneasy. 
Since the investor was Wynter, and she was talking to her in such a calm and peaceful manner, Jacqueline decided to be honest with her. 
She looked at Wynter bitterly. “Ms. Quinnell. I’m not going to lie to you. Tobias is my favorite artist. If your want him to sing and dance, he is perfect for it. Acting, on the other hand, isn’t… really his forte.” 
###chapter790
Chapter 790 Join the Show 
Jacqueline did not know how to describe Tobias‘ tragic acting skills to Wynter. 
“I’ve seen it before. He is indeed quite stiff. Wynter smiled. “But it’s fine. His role is a mute in this script. He has no chance to speak. The emotional aspect is easy to deal with too. In the script, he will be playing Rowan’s younger brother.” 
Was there acting involved then? Tobias was indeed Rowan’s younger brother! 
Jacqueline instantly understood. This was not purely asking Tobias to dabble in acting. What Wynter 
wanted was to let Rowan make Tobias famous! 
Wynter!” Tobias had just returned from filming. He was still in his co. He was playing the Lord of 
the Underworld, looking cool yet handsome. 
He was already rather unapproachable. After a long day of shooting, he was exhausted. It was only normal that he wanted to be alone. However, when he saw Wynter, his eyes gleamed dotingly. 
“What are you talking to Jacqueline about? She seems happy.” 
Jacquline chuckled. “Ms. Quinnell is here to hand you opportunities.” 
“Something about the program?” Clearly, Tobias misunderstood. 
Jacqueline was stunned. “The family member that you mention is Ms. Quinnell?” 
“Yes. Wynter and I had been on other shows before,” Tobias said naturally. “Being on another isn’t a big 
deal.” 
Jacqueline always thought that he would invite one of his brothers. She never expected that he was Inviting Wynter! That was even better! 
“T- Then, should I send tomorrow’s schedule to Ms. Quinnell?” Jacqueline looked at Wynter. Although she could not sign Wynter on, working with her was fulfilling a dream of hers too! 
“Ms. Quinnell, if you need anything, let me know,” Jacqueline was prepared. “We’ll need to prepare a costume for you. We also need jewelry. I’ll go get some limited edition ones right now.” 
Tobias pulled Jacqueline back. “Jacqueline. Wynter herself is a jewelry designer.” Then, he bent in closer and whispered a name in Jacqueline’s ear.. 
Jacqueline’s eyes widened in shock. She did not attend the family reunion banquet, so she did not know about that. When she heard about it, she was a little in a daze. Was there anything that Wynter could not 
do? 
“You don’t have to worry about the costume and makeup, Jacqueline, but I do need to understand the filming process.” Wynter chimed in. “Let’s sit and talk.” 
She was only there because of the things in her dream. She was worried about letting Tobias be on the 
program alone. 
272 
Secondly, in the information Abel sent back, the Macintosh family did not have the thing that she wanted. 
That person might appear on set 
“The process is simple. Jacqueline handed Wynter some documents. “There will be four resident professors. Influencers from all industries will follow the cultural relic restorer to understand our 
country’s history through relics. 
“Each resident professor will be able to invite an expert in the industry as their guest to identify relics.” 
Once Wynter roughly understood the program, she looked down at the document. 
This was Tobias‘ first time seeing the document too. He had been too busy. He was planning to head. back that night to memorize the filming process and also check up on who the resident professors were. 
When he looked down, he noticed a familiar name. It was the cultural relic restorer. 
“Her? She’s going to be the cultural relic restorer?” Tobias furrowed his brows. 
Jacqueline still did not understand the context fully. She smiled and said, “Tobias, don’t look down on her because she’s young! She is the most famous newcomer in the restoration world!” 
###chapter791
Chapter 791 Before the Show 
“She’s Haddon Martinez’s apprentice. I heard that she restored a golden silk dress some time ago,” Jacqueline said in admiration. “Mr. Martinez has praised her many times in public and stated that her future accomplishments will be outstanding. 
“Cultural relic restoration differs from entertainment. She must have a strong knowledge and the ability to tolerate and remain calm to pass on our cultural relics well.” 
Tobias didn’t want to dampen her enthusiasm, but he wanted to clarify some points. “She’s the sponsee that the Quinnells are going to adopt. 
“Il record the show as usual. But I won’t care about the impression I’ll leave if she troubles my sister. I 
won’t respect her even if we’re on the show.” 
His words stunned Jacqueline. She was aware that Tobias valued his career the most. Others always commented he was indifferent and had an unpredictable temper. 
However, he had always been tolerant when working with others. 
From being ridiculed, to making money using his appearance, and being an international idol, he had 
never said such harsh words. She could tell he felt unhappy. 
Wynter nudged him. “Calm down, Tobias. Let’s look at the other activities in the schedule.” 
“Why is there a Foplyan businessman?” Tobias wished to avoid encountering Foplyans. 
She tapped the table. “Perhaps something they want will appear in this cultural relics exhibition.” 
“I won’t let them get their wish.” He had already thought about it. Despite his little savings, he could ask 
Albert for money. If that didn’t work, he could turn to Blake, who was the richest among the siblings. 
Wynter sometimes thought Tobias was gullible, which contradicted his cool and bossy appearance. 
“I’ll take time to observe during the show tomorrow. As for Naomi, I’m curious about something about her. 
Wynter also noticed the name list and heard what Jacqueline said. 
She was interested as to what power could shift someone’s reputation in a short period. It was worth her 
exploring. 
That was also 
In addition, Naomi effortlessly resolved the issue last time. inconsistent with the common 
sense of natural science. 
Thus, Wynter determined that it was time to meet Naomi. What role did Naomi, the sponsee who 
resembled her as a child, play in the scheme? 
Previously, Wynter would have considered if she would alarm the other party. But she didn’t have to do that anymore because Marie’s current situation was stable. 
Furthermore, she had discovered something and knew the other party’s intentions. She had identified 
some targets–the Fentons, the Winstons, and the Quinnells‘ other branch. 
1/2 
5 
Chapter 791 Before the Sh 
2/2 
So, she didn’t have to think much. She only needed to inspect if anything was wrong. Wynter closed the show schedule and looked into Tobias‘ eyes again. 
“Prepare yourself. When the show begins, try not to show your emotions too much. Remember, Naomi isn’t our target. We should investigate the Foplyan businessmen.” 
It was unusual for a Foplyan to come at this time. Wynter knew that the items left behind by some Cascadian ancestors held a lot of fortune. 
If the other party had any purpose, they’d need to plan ahead of time. If the other party only came to admire Cascadia’s national treasure, they’d regard it as a misunderstanding. 
Wynter and Tobias were united on this point. Jacqueline, however, was a little worried. She didn’t want. Tobias to come into conflict with anyone in the cultural relic circle. 
After all, that circle represented culture, whereas his rumors were focused on his lack of knowledge. What would he do if he offended those in the cultural relic circle?
###chapter792
Chapter 792 She Is My Sister 
Jacqueline had misconceptions regarding the Quinnells‘ education. The Quinnells‘ grandchildren were 
hardly lacking in knowledge. 
Even when compared to other prestigious families, the Quinnells paid more attention to history lessons. The Quinnell residence’s study room was an example. 
However, Tobias didn’t explain anything. Since Wynter was present, he’d like to know what happened in the chapel that day. 
Netizens knew little about it, but he was fully aware that someone had visited the shrine at the Quinnell 
residence that night. 
Nobody else on set knew Wynter’s identity. They only knew she was Tobias‘ sister, whom he planned to bring to the show. 
“She’s pretty.” 
“It’s great to have an idol brother, unlike my poor sister. She has been filming for a long time, but she still 
gets ridiculed for her lack of acting skills and background. 
“She even requested to join the show without being paid, but the producer turned her down. That top idol’s sister is really lucky. She can easily be 
on stage as a special guest.” 
“I don’t think she’ll get any benefits. Just think about it. The other special guests are all professor–level. What about her? Tobias lacks knowledge and even chose the wrong guest. They’ll only be dumbfounded 
when the show starts.” 
People in the resource circle had always looked down on celebrities without backgrounds. 
If Tobias could act, they’d like to see his acting. But unfortunately, he couldn’t. He only knew how to sing and dance overseas, which they didn’t appreciate. 
He was chosen to shoot the advertisement simply because he could attract more fans to buy the 
products. Businessmen always preferred higher profits. Thus, those in the resource circle were just 
cordial to him. 
Wynter noticed their attitude but didn’t say anything. Despite only following Tobias for less than half a day, she discovered many problems. 
Jacqueline was nice to Tobias, but, his studio staff were lazy. Although he was charming, other staff didn’t 
acknowledge or respect him that much except for his entourage assistant. 
Wynter squinted at those staff, who got paid to do nothing but wait for a joke. 
She kept thinking about her dream. Why didn’t anyone realize that 
Tobias was in danger, especially since he was a top idol? It seemed that it was not only caused by external factors. 
Tobias, who adored Wynter, planned to take her out to eat delicious food after work. 
Chapte 702 She is My Sitter 
212 
His fans gathered outside the set, and he didn’t shy away from them. However, Jacqueline brought a mask over to avoid interfering with the show tomorrow. “Ms. Quinnell, please wear this.” 
Wynter also didn’t want to expose her identity right now because it would affect her investigations. Not 
only did she wear a mask, she also wore a hat. 
Though she covered her appearance, but she and Tobias were open about their relationship. 
Julia, a studio staff member, approached them unpleasantly. She was upset every time she saw Tobias” fans. She wasn’t sure what they liked about him, but perhaps it was his appearance. 
She worked unhappily and turned sideways to block the fans. She also loathed Tobias‘ sister. 
When she heard the gossip earlier, she assumed he set a personal tag for himself to pretend he had an abducted sister so that others would remember him. 
In Julia’s opinion, abduction was uncommon. But she didn’t expect that it turned out to be true. Tobias. even wanted to take Wynter onto the show. 
She complained inwardly that he didn’t care about his staff. She and other staff might have to deal with his false rumors again. 
Outside the main entrance, his fans finally saw their favorite idol coming out. They were thrilled after waiting for a day, holding support banners and smiling excitedly. 
Tobias knew his fans were outside. Last time, he had asked his assistant to buy drinks for them and advised them to go back early to avoid the heat. 
###chapter793
Chapter 793 Between an Idol and Fans 
Anyone who knew Tobias was aware of how much he cared about his fans. He once stated he wouldn’t 
have gotten this for without them. 
Therefore, he never regarded fans as a tool to make money or exploit them. Instead, he treated them as friends and valued their presence. With them around, he would be more motivated. 
When Tobias and Wynter came out together, he proudly told his fans, “She’s my sister! Look, doesn’t she 
look like me? We get along so well!” 
It was usual for a brother who doted on his sister to show her off to others. But Tobias had forgotten that 
Wynter was still wearing a mask. His fans couldn’t see her face. 
Though they were a little confused, they had always preferred their idol to behave in such an open and 
unconcealed manner. 
“His sister looks a bit familiar.” 
“Ah! I remember! She appeared on Ultimate Survival!” 
“I’ve only watched a few clips, not the full version. Her temperament is similar to that girl’s. They’re most 
likely the same person.” 
“No wonder Tobias keeps saying he’s happy because his sister is back.” 
Those fans were clever enough to recognize Wynter, but they remained calm. Tobias had been involved in 
numerous scandals since his return. Thus, they couldn’t say anything inappropriate. 
Anyway, they were pleased that he was happy. They also discovered something deep in the editing of that 
show. 
They were aware that Wynter was capable of protecting Tobias, and she even became his sister. They were delighted for him. 
Every one of Tobias’s fans knew what he did before becoming a top idol. When he first debuted and was somewhat unknown, he mentioned in interviews that he had an abducted sister. He hoped others could 
contact him if they had any information about her. 
He claimed he’d stand in the most dazzling spot. When his sister saw him, he hoped she’d recognize him 
and return home without burden. 
However, as Tobias gained popularity, some girls began pretending to be his sister. Gradually, he stopped mentioning her out of necessity, 
Knowing his sister was finally back, some fans were moved to tears. “Tobias, your hard work isn’t in vain!” 
Before Tobias became famous, they promised to accompany him to find his sister. 
Nobody had ever underestimated the power of companionship. As they believed in him, they also fulfilled their promise. 
Chápe 70‘) between an lider and fans 
Tobias expressed his sincerity to them. “Thanks to you all.” 
He didn’t look like a celebrity at that moment. He accepted the support doll from his fans and bowed to them. It was quite heartwarming to see an idol and his fans caring for each other. 
Wynter followed behind Tobias, smiling at his lovely fans. Even though they couldn’t see her face, they could sense her kindness. 
They blushed and assumed she was indeed Toblas‘ sister, who appeared cool and attractive. They liked her even before seeing her face. 
Wynter ordered the people following her, “Arrange a few cars to take the fans back. Prepare gifts for them in Tobias‘ theme color.” 
She was Quinnell Group’s current executive CEO. Alexis would never let her out without protection, so she always had bodyguards with her. Nothing could happen to her. She had to be safe outside. 
Those bodyguards always obeyed Wynter’s orders. “Yes, Ms. Quinnell. We’ll make arrangements right. away.” 
Meanwhile, Julia lost her patience. 
###chapter794
Chapter 794 Disputes Between Staff and Fans 
Gloomily, she warned the fans behind her to stop crowding and even pushed the ones next to her. 
While blocking them, Julia grumbled to the staff through the walkie–talkie in a low voice, “He’s so good at 
maintaining his image. Why can’t he get in the car faster? I’m getting sick of his popularity–boosting!” 
At first, the fans didn’t hear or pay attention to her words. After all, they were focused on their idol. 
Tobias didn’t stay long either. After collecting the fans‘ letters, he got into the MPV and rolled down the window, advising the fans outside to return early and pay attention to their safety. 
Wynter declined to join him. Since the bodyguards were present, she intended to clear Tobias‘ working 
environment. 
“You go first, Tobias. I have to deal with something.” 
Tobias didn’t ask what she was going to do because she was different from him. She always set the stage on fire. Fans were unaware that Wynter was staying and assumed she had returned to the set. 
When Julia saw her boss leave, she revealed her true colors and chatted with another staff, Matt. 
“These fans must be crazy to surround him. I’d like to know if they also treat their parents like this. They’re really good at shouting ” 
“I bet Tobias only has these fans. This won’t be the case after he loses his popularity. 
This time, a fan recorded their comments with her phone. Tammy thought she had misheard. She had heard the previous disparaging remarks, but she had no idea who uttered it. 
Only this time did she realize that the person complaining about Tobias was his studio’s staff. 
“What do you two mean?” Tammy couldn’t hold back her anger, and her eyes turned red. “Tobias is your employer! How can you insult him and his fans?” 
Julia and Matt panicked for a moment when they realized their conversation had been discovered. Then, they noticed Tammy holding the phone, which was still recording. 
“Where are your manners? We’ve informed everyone that no recording is allowed here! Hand it over!” 
Julia spoke harshly and called the security guard over. Matt simply went straight for Tammy’s phone. When the other fans noticed what he wanted to do, they subconsciously protected their fellow. 
When Julia and Matt saw that the situation was getting serious, they slandered Tammy. “You filmed Tobias‘ dirt! We won’t allow you to post it online!* 
Upon hearing that, other fans looked at Tammy suspiciously. 
She bit her lip while protecting her phone. “I didn’t! Y- you lied! You’re paid to do nothing! You’re not qualified to be Tobias” staff!” 
“You didn’t? Do you realize what you were talking about?” Julia was experienced and good at dealing with 
Chipte 701 Tenutes Between Staff and Fans 
2/2 
such a girl. “I know you like Tobias, but he always reminds you all not to do anything extreme. Give me the phone. I’ll return it after checking it” 
Her statement appeared to make sense. After all, other studio staff would do the same thing. 
Some people would snap poor images of celebrities and post them online. That was why the studio staff always had anti–dirt awareness. 
But Tammy knew they wanted to delete the evidence on her phone rather than examine it. She wouldn’t 
hand it over. 
ia was right 
Of course, the security guard assumed Just as he was about to grab Tammy, a cold voice 
suddenly sounded, “Does my brother know you guys treat his fans like this?” 
It was Wynter. Despite wearing a mask, she couldn’t hide her sassy temperament and good figure. She 
donned a cool motorcycle jacket with jeans. Her hat was
###chapter795
Chapter 795 Clear the Work Environment 
“You misunderstood. Julia smiled as she lied through her teeth. “This girl has captured some dirt on Tobias. We just asked her to delete them. We didn’t do anything else.” 
Wynter 
raised her eyebrow. “Really?” 
“You’re new here and know nothing. Some fans here don’t like our boss, but instead have other purposes,” Julia explained to Wynter in a low voice, as if what she did was for work. 
Wynter 
glanced at her. “I also filmed some dirt here.” 
She signaled a bodyguard to release the video he had recorded on his 
phone. That bodyguard looked different from the one in the movie. That guy wore a black suit and sunglasses. 
Instead, he appeared unattractive. He joined the crowd just now while holding a support item. Fans who didn’t know about him assumed he was Tobias‘ fan too. 
But Julia recognized him. When she complained about Tobias, that bodyguard seemed to be standing 
next to her. 
Before she could say anything, the bodyguard started playing the video. The image was clear, as were her words. Instantly, the fans‘ attitudes toward her shifted. 
“Is this how you take care of Tobias?” 
“If you don’t want to be Tobias‘ staff, you shouldn’t apply for the job!” 
They were outraged that she was receiving the pay while criticizing her boss. Wynter came today because 
she had discovered something. 
Alexis‘ capability had never been low. Since Wynter instructed him to pay attention to Tobias, he had secretly joined his fan base. 
The fans were all adorable, but there were constant problems with the staff. He discovered they didn’t. accept the resources he provided for Tobias through the Quinnell Group. 
Those staff even responded that Tobias was busy and that Alexis could find other celebrities. 
Alexis felt angry and a little amused. As an all–around secretary, he couldn’t possibly be unaware of Tobias 
schedule. So, he informed Wynter about it before she returned. 
Since Tobias‘ work would be managed by Quinnell Group like Rowan’s, they needed to fix some issues. 
Wynter was smart enough to understand what Alexis meant and checked on everyone Jacqueline 
employed. 
ively speaking, Jacqueline was capable at work and genuinely cared about Tobias. He gained all of his good resources through her socializing before becoming famous. 
However, she had a fatal flaw–she was nepotistic. Most of the studio’s staff were h 
relatives. 
classmates and 
Chante 205 Clear the Work Environment 
7/2 
From Jacqueline’s point of view, she felt more at ease hiring her acquaintance as staff, believing that they would never betray her. 
She wasn’t wrong. They truly didn’t betray her, but not all of them were sincerely working for Tobias. 
Those staff unilaterally declined resources from well–known brands and hampered Tobias‘ progress. Apart from that, they even looked down on him and treated his fans poorly. Everything they did violated Wynter’s employment principles. 
More importantly, they had hurt her brother. Tobias may eventually have a group of anti–fans due to their 
attitude. 
He cared deeply for his fans. He would be sad if he discovered the truth. The negative reviews he had received over the years might also be attributed to those staff. 
According to her dream, nobody was innocent. Wynter walked forward and stated, “My brother values his fans and has asked you guys to speak well to them. Unfortunately, you lack professional ethics.” 
###chapter796
Chapter 796 She Fires Them 
Chapter 796 She Fires Them 
Julia and Matt still wanted to argue, but Wynter simply told them, “You two are fired.” 
Julia yelled, “You’re only Tobias‘ sister! You have no right to fire us! Jacqueline has the final say on work 
operations!” 
Wynter responded without looking back, “You can go to Jacqueline and ask her if I have the right.” After 
she said that, the bodyguards drove them away. 
Wynter then reassured Tammy and the other fans, “Thank you for supporting my brother. He didn’t feel at ease and asked me to come back to take a look. I’ll take care of his matters in the future. 
“You’d better go back early. Let’s meet again on tomorrow’s TV show,” 
Her actions attracted more popularity for Tobias. The significance of fans supporting their idol was also highlighted at this point. 
They supported Tobias, and he protected them. The fans association’s cohesion grew stronger. 
Wynter wasn’t lying. She did see Tobias‘ concerns. Being famous sometimes resulted in a lot of 
comments. 
When he had many fans, he had to manage them well and prevent them from attacking others. At the same time, they weren’t immune to others‘ bullying. 
Some relatively unknown celebrities might have planned to clout–chase Tobias. That wasn’t a big deal. However, after reading the data, Wynter discovered that most of the celebrities criticized him instead. 
His fans, on the other hand, were unable to speak for Tobias. Once they did so, they would be criticized for being uneducated and crazy for their idol. 
Generally, the studio could handle such a problem. The fact that they failed to resolve it indicated that there was an internal issue. 
Wynter proceeded decisively with no intention of informing anyone about her decision. 
Firing Julia and Matt was simply the beginning of clearing Tobias‘ work environment. They had no idea about that and went so far as to submit a complaint. 
“Jac, you have to stop Tobias‘ sister! She wants to take over your position to manage Tobias‘ affairs!” 
Julia’s situation would’ve been better if she hadn’t complained. As soon as she grumbled, Jacqueline 
turned pale. 
“Jac, we can’t let her be.” She pouted. “That girl fired Matt and me in public! Many fans witnessed that! It would have a negative influence on our agency
!” 
Julia complained to her cousin because she wished to make things tough for Wynter. She intended to make the latter regret it. She still didn’t believe Wynter had the right to fire her. 
Unexpectedly, Jacqueline, who had always been resolute, abruptly sprang up from the couch. “What did 
Chapter 796 She Fires Them 
you do? Have you offended Ms-” 
Jacqueline didn’t reveal Wynter’s identity. Her hands were shaking as she shouted, “You two pack your things and leave!” 
Julia was astonished as if she couldn’t believe what she had heard. “Jac-” 
“Who else did she mention?” Jacqueline appeared to realize something and turned to ask her assistant. Irene, “Am I unaware of some issues in the studio?” 
If there hadn’t been a problem, Wynter wouldn’t have come to deal with the staff. Jacqueline was a little scared. She didn’t know Tobias‘ family background before, so she didn’t need to think too much about it. 
But she was now aware of it. The Quinnells had significant assets, and the new CEO quickly gained popularity for the Quinnell Group. 
Since Wynter took action against their small–scale agency, something must have happened to Tobias. 
Irene was practical enough to discover the truth. She walked over and whispered something. 
Jacqueline almost collapsed to the ground when she heard that. She had worked hard in the 
entertainment circle for many years and thought she could help her relatives. After all, it was difficult for those who came from a small town to find work. 
However, she didn’t expect them to be so sloppy in their work. “How dare you guys do that to Tobias!” 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter797
Chapter 797 They’re Finally Terrified 
Those staff almost destroyed the top idol she supported. Her eyes flushed with rage. “Check it out! If anyone else has done something similar, I’ll dismiss them too!” 
Irene responded, “Yes, miss.” 
Julia didn’t expect that Jacqueline, who had always been easy to talk to, appeared to have become a different person. 
“Jac, you can’t do this to us! Think about our family-” 
“What I regret the most is offering you guys jobs!” Jacqueline gritted her teeth and interrupted Julia. “I shouldn’t have let you join the agency! 
“Hold on, Irene. Don’t drive them away first. They’ve been with Tobias for a long time. Check their phones! 
Irene knew that Jacqueline wouldn’t be merciful this time. 
The Cascadia TV show was about to premiere. There could be no chaos within the agency. But if they fired those staff too abruptly, Tobias would get insulted again. 
Right then, someone anxiously rushed in and said, “Tobias‘ fans association requested us to reorganize the studio. Below are screenshots and conversations between the relevant people.” 
Jacqueline became enraged after only a glance. “You guys even declined endorsements? How dare you!” 
As a top manager, she made a swift decision as her expression changed. “Immediately issue an announcement. We’ll accept the fans‘ request and replace all studio–related personnel. 
“In addition, inform all the media folks of the truth. We fired them not for any other reason, but because they framed their boss.” 
When her words came out, those who were at fault panicked. They originally thought that it was fine to leave since they could continue to slander Tobias in another workplace. 
But betrayal was taboo in their circle. Nobody dared to employ such staff. 
Some opponents wanted Tobias‘ dirt and attempted to contact them. However, nobody would believe what they stated if Jacqueline fired them. They hadn’t even had a chance to do anything yet! 
It would also be impossible for them to continue working in the same circle if they had a negative reputation. They would have no choice but to return to their roots. 
Some staff were dissatisfied and asked Jacqueline to pay them severance. 
Only then did she realize that she had been expanding externally over the years while neglecting their internal issues. When the agency expanded, she could no longer run it as a small workshop. 
Tobias‘ current studio may not pose a problem for now, but it was likely to cause serious trouble in the 
future. 
Jacqueline’s relatives were still messing around. She became flustered and drank water to calm herself 
Chapter 797 They’re Finally Terrified 
2/2 
down. Some of them never treated her as their employer and behaved more madly than everyone else. 
“You–Jacqueline kept reminding herself not to be furious and to minimize the impact of public opinion. 
However, those who were fired were no longer concerned with anything else. 
“We followed you when the agency had nothing. Now it has finally improved, but you chose to abandon us! You’re so ungrateful!” 
Some people were born with evil. They were good at blame–shifting. Jacqueline felt disappointed. At the same time, she realized she needed to get rid of those incompetent staff. 
“Go get security,” she ordered Irene. 
But Irene couldn’t even leave. Those staff had been dominant for many years and formed a habit. They were familiar with Jacqueline’s way of doing things and immediately blocked Irene. 
Regardless of their genders, their menacing expressions resembled devils. 
“Sir, these people don’t seem to understand laws.” Wynter calmly walked in from the other side, followed by several police officers. “I believe you can teach them a lesson.” 
No one expected her to call the police because of this issue. Those who had been challenging Jacqueline were finally terrified. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter798
Chapter 798 Logan’s Call 
Jacqueline appeared listless after settling the matter. “I’m not a qualified manager. Ms. Quinnell, you can 
settle the score with me.” 
“I won’t do that.” Wynter looked at Jacqueline and checked her pulse. “My brother’s success is due to your efforts. When my mother came to apply for the job, you were the one who helped her. 
“You just want to offer women and people from small towns job opportunities. Although some of them have turned bad, it has nothing to do with you. But this approach does easily breed nepotism.” 
Wynter didn’t blindly praise Jacqueline, nor did she blame the latter too much. Instead, she patiently 
analyzed the pros and cons. 
“You’re more suitable to handle external issues. As for the internal ones, you can hire professionals. It’ll be absurd that we can’t create a large studio when the Quinnell Group and the Yarwood Group join forces. 
“You should also know that Tobias is making progress. We’ll be in line with international standards soon. So, now is the best time to get rid of those incompetent staff with evil intentions. 
Wynter massaged Jacqueline’s back a few times. 
Jacqueline gradually felt better. She appeared to have released the tension she had been holding back for years. “Ms. Quinnell, I finally understand why Quinnell Group can regain its previous self in only one month. 
“I’ve always assumed you were too young and that Quinnell Group’s popularity was due to chance. Obviously, I’ve been narrow–minded.” 
Wynter’s abilities were comparable to Dalton’s. 
In actuality, Naomi was the most displeased with the shift in Tobias‘ studio because she had bribed many of his staff to obtain information. 
The TV show “Into Cascadia” was going to start filming tomorrow. However, those staff were all fired at this critical moment. Her bribery efforts were now futile. 
Naomi’s people, however, had already placed that thing in the designated location. She believed Tobias couldn’t avoid being linked to it. 
She gazed at herself in the mirror calmly. She didn’t think there was anything to be concerned about with Wynter’s participation in the show/In contrast, she was looking forward to it. 
“I was unprepared for the reunion banquet. This time, I’ll shame you in public!” 
Naomi gloomily smeared her lipstick on the mirror. She assumed those fortunes had long been hers, but the powerless Wynter continually blocked her way. Thus, she treated the latter as an eyesore. 
Raindrops hit the window. Tobias was soon aware of his rumors online. Before he could ask Wynter about 
Chapter 798 Logens Calli 
them, his phone rang. It was from Logan. 
Logan was acting oddly and didn’t show up recently. He didn’t speak as readily as before, and his voice 
was hoarse. 
“Ah, does my voice sound bad? I’ve had a cold recently,” Logan said hesitatingly. “Tobias, you and Wynter should pay more attention during the show.” 
His odd statements pique Tobias‘ interest. “What’s wrong with you? How about we meet and chat in ‘depth? I haven’t seen you for a long time.” 
“I’m out of town,” Logan responded vaguely. “You have to listen to me anyway. If possible, go to Mt. Dragon. Or go to Hawford to ask your uncles for help.” 
Tobias became increasingly certain that Logan was acting differently. “Is there something you can’t tell 
me?” 
“No.” Logan smiled slightly. “I’ve seen a lot of negative news about you online. Wynter also received a lot of attention. You two should protect yourselves and pay more attention to the people around you, especially-” 
###chapter799
Chapter 799 Promote Her 
“Oh, I’m passing through a tunnel. The signal is terrible. Let’s talk later! Bye!” 
Tobias scowled when Logan hung up the call. Logan appeared to have some unfinished business. What changed him so much recently? 
But Tobias didn’t have much time to think about it. He’d be on stage tomorrow, so he needed to rest properly. 
“Into Cascadia” wasn’t like other shows. He 
Wynter to answer everything. 
I had much to learn. He couldn’t go on stage and expect 
That would only show that he was useless as her older brother. He had to avoid embarrassing her. 
Tobias gathered many images of cultural relics on the computer screen. He marked them individually, wiping his brow as he took notes. 
Fabian had told him about a few of them before. Some had existed in his family, but some were rather old, so he had to read carefully. 
Those may not be mentioned during the show tomorrow, but it would be better for him to remember some cultural relic knowledge anyway. 
In comparison, Wynter was much more relaxed. She took the time to return to the mansion. Seeing that 
Margaret was sleeping deeply, she didn’t wake the latter up. 
However, the person taking care of Margaret came up to her and said, “Ms. Quinnell, the Yates had 
recently visited Mrs. Yates Senior. I’m worried something will go wrong.” 
Wynter had been busy with her career recently and hadn’t heard anything about the Yates for a long time. 
“Who has been here?” After wiping her hands, she sat at the dining table, ready to dine and listen. 
That person whispered, “It’s Yvette Yates.” 
“Oh?” Wynter responded casually. She didn’t deal with Yvette much since she wanted to leave Margaret a 
family to accompany her. 
After all, Margaret was getting old. The elders always preferred to be accompanied by blood relatives. 
“What did she do?” Wynter set the fork down. 
The person shook her head. “It’s nothing. She appeared to care about Mrs. Yates Senior and 
accompanied her.” 
Care? Wynter lifted an eyebrow. She didn’t mean to doubt Yvette, but after several interactions, she realized Yvette was extremely similar to her parents. 
Yvette would never care about Margaret. She was most likely seizing this opportunity to achieve her goal. 
“Keep an eye on her. Call me if anything happens.” Wynter stood up and calmly added, “Be more careful if 
Chapter 799 Promote Her 
she asks about me.” 
“Yes, miss.” That person was smart enough to understand what Wynter sald. 
It was getting dark, but the internet was still active. The announcement of the last guest of “Into Cascadia 
* caused a stir. 
This season could be said to have become a hit before it was even aired. The platform’s scheduled playback had broken previous records. 
“I’m so glad to know Tobias will be on this show!” 
“Buddies, it’s not only Tobias! Did you see the official announcement? The apprentice of the cultural relic restorer master will also be present this time!” 
“I’ve heard of that. It’s said that she’s skilled at identifying cultural relics!” 
“She’s also got a gorgeous beauty with special charm! I’ve seen her at an overseas auction before!” 
“Wow! You aroused my interest! I’m looking forward to watching this show!” 
Shane promised to promote Naomi, so he wouldn’t be sloppy. He was skilled at manipulating public opinion and even used Tobias‘ popularity to mention her. 
Shane also confused the netizens by claiming that she was from a prestigious family. This information quickly gained her a lot of fans under Tobias‘ topic. 
He did an excellent job with speculations, only showing her back in images, which piqued people’s 
interest. 
###chapter800
Chapter 800 TV Show Starts 
The next day, many media folks were already waiting under the Cascadia TV Building before the show started, trying to get the hottest topic for the news. 
The inheritor of cultural relics piqued the interest of countless netizens. That was why the media folks. wanted to take Naomi’s photos. 
Shane had expected all of this. He even commissioned a custom dress for Naomi for this occasion. 
She lived up to his expectations as well. She maintained the appearance of a naive princess while exuding a noble aura. 
To suit the occasion, she wore a Cascadia–style green–white dress instead of the prior custom–made 
Chanel dress. 
Shane even used his connections to buy a new limited–edition Rolls Royce to support the scene. He didn’t 
have much money left to spend. Without authority, he was hampered in everything he did. 
But even at this point, he was stronger than most people. Those people wouldn’t give up on him when 
they shared common interests. 
He was confident that he could change the entire situation by attending this show. After all, he had 
Naomi with him. 
Shane still remembered the first day he brought her back to the Quinnells. He got real power at the 
shareholders‘ meeting. 
His business grew steadily thereafter. As long as he ran the business wisely and didn’t follow the rules like Fabian, partners would inevitably be on his side. 
Naomi had been his lucky star for years. It was simply that he was careless some time ago. He believed that everything would be sorted out afterward. 
When Rolls Royce arrived under the Cascadia TV Building, it caused quite a stir. 
“Which guest is this?” 
“Could it be the investor?” 
“It shouldn’t be the investor. Look, there’s a number on the car.” 
“No. 6? That cultural relic restoration genius?” 
Instantly, the media folks all pointed their cameras toward the car. Shane soon opened the car door and stepped out. He acted like an elite, with his neat hair and nice outfit. 
“He was the former CEO of Quinnell Group!” 
“Why did he get out of the guest car?” 
The popularity of the topic skyrocketed. The Quinnells had become popular among the public. Netizens 
Chapter 800 TV Show Starts 
were curious about the appearance of the person who ran Quinnell Group. 
Of course, it would be ideal for the current CEO to attend. However, she was too mysterious. Nonetheless, the arrival of the former CEO was also a major topic. 
2/2 
With such a good–looking father, his daughter couldn’t be too bad. Not to mention that Wynter’s recent actions had reflected the Quinnell Group’s positive family tradition. 
Some media folks couldn’t wait to step forward. “Mr. Quinnell, what brings you here?” 
“Me? I’m here with someone.” Shane smiled as he looked into the car. 
Naomi then exited the car gracefully in an ancient–style dress. Her long hair was tied up with an emerald hair accessory, and her earrings were also made of emeralds. 
Her temperament fit her outfit, and she looked as if she had stepped out of an ancient painting. It had been a while since she had been in the spotlight. 
Her smile widened as more surprised gazes landed on her. She gazed at the reporters calmly and generously before taking Shane’s arm. “Dad, thank you for taking the time to come to the show with me.” 
ad like a gentle and “You work hard to restore cultural relics. I should support you.” He stroked her head loving father. “Let’s start with an introduction. She’s Naomi Quinnell, my adopted daughter. She’s one of the guests as a cultural religious restorer.” 
The Quinnells‘ adopted daughter? The reporters exchanged glances, believing they had found the story’s 
climax. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter801
Chapter 801 Wynter Is the Climax 
Another round of interviews started. Everyone wanted to get the exclusive this time. 
Shane and Naomi were smiling from the bottom of their hearts. They enjoyed the popularity that they had not had in a while. 
Faces flushed with pride, they were not ashamed at all about taking advantage of the Quinnells‘ popularity. 
Naomi realized that calling Shane “dad” for so many years was not useless. At least she was able to raise her popularity in this meaningful TV show, just as he had said. 
That village doctor from the countryside was no match for her. 
The more people supported her, the greater the boost she received. 
Since people in those days were into antiquity and valued emotions, she could make good use of them. 
Naomi’s smile widened as she found her goal. She turned her head to purposely reveal her emerald hairpin so that everyone in front of the camera could sense her intentions. 
Intense discussions sparked online. 
Suddenly, the Quinnells became a hot search topic again. 
This puzzled the people from Quinnell Group, as they wondered if Tobias‘ identity had been exposed. 
Or did someone recognize Wynter’s true identity from her online nickname? 
The public relations team found nothing. They saw people rubbing off on their popularity instead. 
They were no longer with the company but still hung onto it. It was reminiscent of a scumbag ex- boyfriend using someone influential to gain popularity. 
Some of the employees were unhappy about this. 
When Shane was with the company, they had to work overtime every day. They worked tirelessly but did 
not see much success. 
At the time, there was nepotism among the management–level personnel. Those people did not have to work at all. They only made use of their underlings and claimed the glory themselves, without caring 
about their subordinates. 
Some department managers organized team–building events after work to get female employees to drink. 
These conditions only improved, after Wynter assumed office. 
Some of them had wanted to sue the Quinnell Group over their labor contract. 
A large corporation like the Quinnell Group bullied pregnant women by not granting them maternity leave. Instead, they forced the women to resign. 
At the time, one would think that a heartless company like the Quinnell Group would eventually face ruin. 
Then Wynter took over. She took three days to eliminate the harmful company culture. 
She was merciless toward lazy and oppressive employees and shareholders. 
She also rewarded diligent employees. 
Not only were pregnant employees protected, but the benefits of some skilled workers who had worked for a long time in the Quinnell Group doubled too. 
“Ms. Quinnell manages Quinnell Group well, so some people are trying to rub off on her success. The nerve of some people.” 
“She used to occupy Ms. Quinnell’s position and had wanted to replace her.” 
“I would really like to wake those netizens up, but I’m worried that it will cause trouble for Ms. Quinnell.” 
It was unacceptable for the Quinnell Group to be involved in any scandal at the moment. 
Yet, no one would enjoy being taken advantage of like that. 
The public relations department held an emergency meeting. They waited to see how things would play out and were watching for Wynter’s instructions. 
After all, she had instructed them to remain patient, as this time, everything involved Tobias. 
In 
In the SUV, Wynter noticed the online discussions. She propped her chin on her hand, and her face was expressionless. 
This was what Jacqueline admired the most about her. 
She had a strong character at such a young age. 
Even if she were not managing a company, someone like Wynter would be a superstar in the film and television industry. 
The focus of those journalists was wrong. 
The real climax was not the fake father–daughter who just entered. 
If one were talking about traffic, then one would have to look at Wynter, the true CEO of Quinnell Group, 
who had turned the tide of the entire corporation. 
Other than those shows where she was removed, this was her first public appearance. 
###chapter802
Chapter 802 Yet Another One of Wynter’s Online Names. 
Jacqueline did not know what Wynter was planning to do next. 
It was not advisable to disclose one’s identity on the “Into Cascadia” show. 
Those coming to the recording were experts in the cultural circle, and Naomi, the adopted daughter of 
the Quinnells, had an advantage. 
Not everyone could access cultural relics, and she was the successor of a relic restorer. 
Jacqueline was a bit worried that Wynter could not handle it. 
“Ms. Quinnell, do you want to look through this information and learn more about these relics in advance?” 
Knowing that Jacqueline meant well, Wynter did not refuse. She casually flipped through the information a few times while her mind was somewhere else. 
She had actually been the one to retrieve some of these relics. 
Of course, the Special Unit handled special cases that could not be revealed to the public. 
It was just a realistic imitation. Wynter’s eyes did not betray any of her emotions. 
It was like the arrival of Shane and Naomi meant nothing to her. 
“What is our muddled dad up to?” 
Tobias was not that calm. He would roast his family members, though he would not get angry with others. 
Their group chat quickly became lively. 
A–lister Rowan: “Are you still calling him ‘dad?” 
Attorney Seb: “Not ‘our.” Count me out.” 
CEO Albert: “I will separate the company from the relationship. Tobias, you better watch out for yourself.” 
Wait. What did he mean? 
Why did he tell him to watch out for himself? 
Just saying “dad” earlier didn’t mean that he had forgiven him. It was just another word. 
Tobias wanted to say more, but the SUV had stopped. 
As a celebrity with a large fan base, his appearance was bound to cause a wave of excitement. 
Additionally, his studio underwent drastic changes overnight. The tabloids would try to hype up the 
matter. 
Who would have thought that his fans would be more united than before? They did not give the anti–fans a chance to intervene. The fans were determined. 
Chapter 602 Yet Another Dhe of Wynters Unline Nomer 
“Baby, do not panic. We will watch you off–stage and gain new knowledge together. Also, let more people learn about Cascadian cultural relics.” 
There was no refuting those words. 
Even if Tobias could not answer questions about cultural relics, he would not seem unexpectedly unlearned. They were learning together. 
Wynter seemed invisible amid the noise. 
She did not get out of the SUV with Tobias. Instead, she went to the garage. As a guest’s assistant, her priority was to wait for the show to start broadcasting. 
Jacqueline was worried that her subordinates would neglect Wynter, so she assigned her an assistant. 
That assistant stood next to her while feeling at a loss. 
What exactly was Tobias‘ sister doing? 
Why were several bodyguards trailing her? Was she special in some way? 
The assistant did not dare to ask, and fortunately, nothing happened. 
It was just that his “sister” seemed exceptionally busy. 
Wynter was indeed busy. After all, she was managing a company, and she needed to study certain documents in detail. 
She started missing her handsome fiancé, 
He was more suited for this than her. 
Maybe they could make a deal in the future. He had to make transnational conference calls anyway. 
It made no difference how many he made, as he still had to do it. So representing her business was not a big deal. 
While Wynter was thinking, she received a message. 
The message was from the Dark Web. 
Abel, who had not appeared for a long time, said, “Boss, President Len is looking for you.” 
President Len? Wynter thought for a while, then started typing. “Patch him in.” 
As an external liaison, Abel handled matters efficiently. He quickly connected President Len and Wynter. 
President Len: “Miss, I have heard that you are in Kingbourne, and I have been trying to invite you. I know your preferences. You like to be quiet and do not appear on shows. 
“However, I am going to be a thick–skinned old man and ask you for something. There is a meaningful TV show, and I would like you to be our advisor. Come take a look at our cultural relics so that the juniors can all watch and learn.” 
###chapter803
Chapter 803 She Is Superior 
After reading the message, Wynter thought it was clever. 
She wiggled her eyebrows and typed out a reply. “Are you referring to the show ‘Into Cascadia‘?” 
President Len: “Exactly. I did not expect you to notice that show. 
“No, it is normal for you to notice it because there are still a lot of Cascadian cultural relics overseas. They have not been returned to us yet.” 
Wynter: “Through this show, I want to tell more young people about the history and stories of our country.” 
President Len: “You have mentioned before that cultural relics are not just s. They carry with them the culture and also the emotions of people at that time.” 
It was obvious that President Len truly loved and cherished cultural relics, as he could not stop talking about them once he started. 
Wynter: “I did not want to come initially. I’d been worried that it was just a gimmick. However, two days ago, there was an online article about heroic spirit, so I felt I should come. 
“I have great expectations for the guests. I hope that they will help the younger generation understand that there are still incomplete missions.” 
President Len: “It would be great if you could come too.” 
At first, Wynter did not want to expose too much of her identity. 
But now she no longer hid it. “I am here. I am backstage.” 
President Len: “You? You are backstage? I will go meet you now. How could they arrange for you to be 
backstage?” 
He was obviously extremely surprised. 
Crash! 
From the Cascadia TV Building’s luxurious lounge came sounds of laughter. 
“Quick, come backstage with me.” 
Backstage? 
The assistants walked in one by one. There was also a specially assigned show broadcast director. 
“Mr. Martinez, why are you backstage? If there is anything, we will go instead.” 
The broadcast director was afraid that Haddon was dissatisfied about something. 
After all, it had not been easy to convince him to be on the show. 
In the cultural relic circle, no one could match the skilled hands of Haddon. 
It could be said that he devoted his whole life to the study of cultural relics. 
Quite a few of the guest experts on stage were taught by him. 
The same went for the currently popular cultural relic restorer. She was not actually his apprentice, but she leveraged his reputation. 
Haddon had a strange temper and did not smile easily. He was very careful when he handled cultural 
relics, and he treated them like babies. 
His assistants had rarely seen him like this. 
“There is no sincerity if you go, so I will go personally. Why didn’t you tell me earlier that you had invited a superior guest?” Haddon’s words were vague. 
Everyone present could not understand what he meant. 
What superior guest? 
How could there be anyone more experienced than Haddon here? 
While 
everyone was still puzzling over his words, Haddon suddenly stopped in his tracks. 
It was because he received a message with a short reply. 
“It is okay. I am here. The show will start soon, and I will be on stage. We will meet then.” 
On stage? 
Haddon looked at the assistant beside him. 
“Give me another copy of the guest list.” 
Even the broadcast directors were confused, not to mention the assistants. 
Haddon never looked at things like that before, as he only observed on–the–spot reactions. 
Did he really have an acquaintance here among the guests? It seemed like it. 
Were the rumors true? Was the newcomer relic restorer really Haddon’s apprentice? 
There was not much time for them to guess because the show was about to start. 
The audience gradually began to enter the venue. 
Venue preparation was complete. 
The lights, microphones–everything was ready. 
###chapter804
Chapter 804 Treasure Appraisal Begins 
With a swoosh, the spotlights were switched on. 
Amidst the splendor, the female host, Lindsay Barron, walked out dressed in formal attire. 
After all, this was a TV show with a rich cultural heritage. 
Lindsay was not as flamboyant as the hosts of other variety shows but looked rather gentle and elegant with a fitting smile. “Welcome to our studio audience and those of you watching from your TVs. You are 
watching “Into Cascadia.” 
“In shadows deep, where fear may creep, the brave ones stand, with a steady hand. Against the night, they hold the light, their courage bold, in tales untold. Here, we have history left by relics as well as the romantic stories of Cascadia left by poetry and s for five thousand years. 
“Please welcome our guests. 
“Professor Regan Hutt. He is dedicated to the study of poetry and cultural relics and is very familiar with 
the Atlantean and Promethian eras. 
“He is currently the deputy director of the Cultural Relics Museum. As a guest, he will be joining us for the entire recording and witnessing the return of 18 cultural relics. 
“Ms. Naomi Quinnell. She is the youngest cultural relic restorer. Despite her young age, she has restored over a hundred cultural relics and followed Mr. Haddon Martinez out to sea for observation. 
“No cultural relic can escape her eyes. She is a researcher at the National Museum. 
“Tobias, a superstar. The cheering from the audience shows just how popular he is.” 
The screams grew overwhelmingly loud as the guests were announced. 
At that moment, Lindsay raised her hand to quiet the crowd and said while smiling, “Alright, we have felt 
your enthusiasm. 
“Speaking of Tobias, I am curious. Why are you participating in this show?” 
“I am here to learn. I also hope that the cultural relics lost overseas can be retrieved.” 
Tobias‘ face looked enviable even on Cascadia TV. He was fair, had a high nose bridge, and looked like a 
serious gentleman. 
Even Lindsay was delighted to see him. “We all want the same thing Tobias does.” 
*On you 
your right, there is a paddle for each one of you. 
“We will adopt an auction approach to showcase the cultural relics on stage. You can select the items you’d like to bid on. 
“You are allowed to get help from friends on the show to see whether the relics shown are worth bidding on. We will use a scoring system.” 
Chapter 904 Treasure Appraisal Regina. 
“The higher the collective value of the cultural relics in your possession, the higher the score. 
“Of course, there are both genuine and forged items among these relics. 
“Victory or defeat lies with the cultural relics in your successful bids. 
“I know that there is an expert on the set, which is a rare sight. 
“I believe the audience, like me, cannot wait anymore.” 
Lindsay then raised her hand and calmly said, “We welcome the national treasures back to Cascadia.” 
In that instant, the screen changed. Quills, inkwells, and ancients seated in the center appeared. 
With quills and inkwells, they wrote out captivating ancient poetry. 
At the center of the stage, one artifact after another appeared. They each exuded a unique charm through 
the glass. 
All the audience members present were amazed. 
Even Shane, who was on the floor, took a deep breath. 
Each of the s had its own origin. While a few of them were rare, their value could not be expressed in monetary terms. 
The premise was that they were all genuine. 
Naomi clenched her hands tightly and thought that this trip was not in vain. Fortune was smiling at her. 
Everyone in the venue had stunned expressions. 
Three people were waiting backstage at the moment, waiting for their scheduled appearance on stage. One of them was Wynter. 
###chapter805
Chapter 805 Laughing at Wynter 
Compared to the others, Wynter did not look like an invited adviser. 
After all, her attire was so modern. She had on a black and white biker jacket and a pair of tight jeans. 
Her hair was tied up in a high ponytail. There was also a pair of silver–colored earphones in her ears. 
She just stood at the back with not too much makeup on her beautiful face. Her purity and aloofness made her rather striking. 
But some people could not stand her. Professor Bill Loft, an old scholar invited by Naomi, had always disliked the way young people dress nowadays. He felt they should dress more decently. 
Although the world was more progressive now, a young lady who dressed to stand out gave off the impression that she had no literary or cultural background. He was unhappy about it. 
One needed to be appropriately dressed for the occasion. 
People wore vintage suits and overcoats to this. Otherwise, they could wear plain clothes. 
However, what benefits would her style of dressing bring? 
“You came with Tobias, right?” Bill glanced at Wynter. “Young lady, as an older person, let me advise you. This is not a vanity show. If you want to debut, you shouldn’t come to this variety show. 
“You can go elsewhere to take 
advantage of your brother’s influence. From the introduction, it sounds like he is very popular. 
“We academics do not care about such things. On the stage later, you may not even be able to identify a single . It may not be worth the effort.” 
Bill’s tone was gentle, but his words had concealed barbs. 
This seemed to be the way Bill spoke. Even though he looked down on a person, he still acted as if it were for their own good. He made it seem like he was being a good teacher. 
Online, this was referred to as one who relied on status and gave out a “dad” vibe. 
Wynter looked up, and her tear mole was noticeable. 
In the past, he had consulted her several times online and wanted to contact her. 
Wynter never met him once, but now that she had seen him offline, her smile had a hint of playfulness. 
Her handphone vibrated. It was a message from Haddon. 
“Miss, are you really here? Why don’t I see you?” 
Freeing one hand, Wynter casually typed, “On stage shortly.” 
On stage shortly? 
As a prominent guest, Haddon was still backstage. But from his perspective, he could see every move on 
stage clearly. 
Wynter did not come as a guest. 
Only the “friend” group was not on stage yet. 
Could it be that Wynter was among them? 
Haddon suddenly sat up straight. This meant that he could watch the expert appraiser at work. 
His assistant did not know why he was so excited. 
Before they got there, Haddon had not shown much interest. 
He did not care about how the people around him viewed him. What puzzled him the most was how the expert could be in the “friend” group. 
In theory, based on her abilities, she should be a guest even if she did not reveal her identity. 
Wait a minute. Who invited her as a “friend“? 
Haddon looked at the production team name list again. 
He knew two of them, as they had some fame in the industry. 
However, that bit of fame was superficial, as they were his apprentices. 
That left only one person. Haddon’s gaze fell on Tobias. He stroked his snow–white beard while feeling that his assumption was rather absurd. 
How could an expert be invited by a celebrity?. 
There must be other connections. He had better take another look. 
###chapter806
Chapter 806 Wynter Goes On Stage 
At that moment, the audience below was also discussing. 
“Can you tell which one is real?” 
“I can’t tell. I feel that they are all real.” 
Since Lindsay mentioned that there were counterfeits, there should be quite a few of those. 
To distinguish a genuine relic from a counterfeit, one could not merely depend on reading a few more books. It required regular accumulation and actual contact with the real s. Some descendants of aristocratic families might encounter more of the relics. 
For them, they really could not tell. 
“Tobias shouldn’t be able to detect anything, right?” 
“I’m fed up with celebrities who sing and dance.” 
“These cultural relics need to be handled by professionals. I don’t know why a celebrity is joining the fun.” 
“Just take a look at who he invited.” 
Celebrities could not distinguish relics, but they had money and could hire professionals. 
No matter how rich he was, he could not compare to Naomi
. 
“That’s true. The adopted daughter of the Quinnells is also a relic restorer. And you all heard the 
introduction earlier. Her resume is excellent too.” 
“We are all humans, yet the difference between me and a rich lady is not only money but also culture. 
It was human nature to desire to be strong. In addition, Shane deliberately promoted Naomi. Comments praising her appearance and talent flooded the screen as soon as the show started. 
There were also netizens who told the truth. 
“Please wake up. She’s not really an adopted daughter, as the Quinnells never recognized her. The new CEO is the real Ms. Quinnell. Naomi is just a sponsored student.” 
At that moment, people were following the current trend. 
Not wanting to be spoilsports, they just said whatever came to their mind. 
“How could something that Mr. Quinnell personally said be false? I think you’re just jealous.” 
“That’s right. Let Ms. Naomi personally address this matter,” 
“Even if she is a sponsored student, her resume cannot be faked. The certificates are all displayed there, okay?” 
“I just saw it. It’s Tobias‘ fans. They are worried that their idol’s illiteracy will be exposed. This is a 
distraction. Hahaha.” 
| Sped Co Stage 
Just as the online ridicule was getting intense, Lindsay picked up the microphone again. “We will start the auction now. Let us welcome the friends invited by our guests.” 
The audience had long wanted to see the Friends segment. 
After all, the friends‘ identity and expertise played a crucial part in the outcome. 
“First of all is Professor Hutt’s classmate, Mr. Silas Langley. He does not need too much further introduction, as many people present are his students. 
“Please let me solemnly welcome our second guest. He has countless titles–treasure appraiser, relic expert, patriot. 
“He has always remained steadfast in his field, no matter how difficult the circumstances. As long as the ideology remains, he will be present. Introducing Mr. Bill Loft.” 
As Lindsay finished speaking, applause broke out. 
The two elderly men walked out slowly. Their postures were straight. It was obvious they were not superficial guests, and each had his own achievements. 
“On to our third guest.” Lindsay looked at her cue cards. She was unsure of what description to use. She did not want to embarrass the young lady. 
So with a smile, she said, “Like some of the people here, she is very young. Young people have a certain youthful vigor. Ms. Wynter Quinnell, the younger sister of Tobias.” 
At this introduction, some of the audience members could not help but laugh. 
“Tobias has become someone’s debut stage. Celebrities without backgrounds have limited horizons.” “Look at what type of friends the other guests invited, then take another look at him.” 
###chapter807
Chapter 807 Wynter’s Past 
They were different from ordinary audiences, 
Haddon was holding a porcelain cup, and his hand was shaking. 
“It’s her. It really is her!” 
Compared to a year ago, she was more charismatic now. 
She was a young lady, but when those eyes swept over him, It inexplicably made him feel calm. 
Haddon could not forget the time he went to Southdale and was looking at emeralds near the border. 
He had wanted to see if there was anything that he could bring back to Cascadia. 
It would be fortunate if he could come across any relics and be able to bring one or two back. 
Who would have thought that the young lady would stand cold and aloof near a rough stone, while calmly. requesting others to split it? 
To the experts, that plece of rough stone was a waste, and nothing good could be produced from it. 
It was a gamble with rough stones. A cut could mean something precious or something worthless. 
Even those with discerning eyes would have to depend on luck. 
Maybe after one or two rough stones, one would find a crystal–clear sugilite. But it could also be just another piece of broken stone. 
If there were a gem inside, then one would be rich. But if not, one would lose their money. 
Many rich businessmen still could not understand what a gamble it was. 
The young lady took the stone that others did not want. 
Haddon wanted to step forward to stop her from being deceived. Let them defraud wealthier people. 
The young lady was very persistent. Smiling lightly, she told him to wait until the gem inside the stone appeared. She also invited him for a cup of tea. 
At the time, Haddon did not believe that there was any gem. 
He was not the only one who did not believe it. Obviously, the stone merchant out to defraud others did. not believe it either. It was just a piece of worthless stone. 
There was nothing after two cuts. The young lady went forward decisively and gestured. “Cut it again, along this way.” 
There was a lot of care involved in cutting stone, and it was fascinating to watch. 
No one would have thought that after the third cut, there would be a crystal–clear purple sugilite. Due to its clarity, it was easy to imagine falling into it. 
Chapter 601 Wynters Pas 
It was too exquisite, so much so that people wanted to cover it. 
Never before had such a large sugilite been produced. 
Haddon could not forget that incident. The whole quarry was bubbling with excitement. 
Someone offered 10 million for the uncut sugilite. 
The young lady did not sell it and casually packed it away in a black bag. With a reserved expression, she said, “I am not in the gemstone business, but I am interested in cultural relics. If anyone has any, then come find me, and I will see if we can trade.” 
Later, Haddon realized that it was the little lady’s tactics to solve a cultural relic case. 
That year, more than 20 cultural relics were returned to Cascadia. 
When he met her again, she was an appraiser of cultural relics. Haddon had been dealing with cultural relics for so many years, but he was no match for her talent. 
It was like she knew those cultural relics innately. 
When it came to history, there was no lack of familiarity. 
From then on, Haddon held her in high regard. She was once famous in the industry, but she did not like to make an appearance or step into the spotlight often. 
If he had not seen the stone gamble incident, Haddon would not have pegged the young lady as a cultural 
relic expert. 
Now he could meet her again. 
One could only imagine Haddon’s feelings. 
However, no one knew Wynter’s identity. 
All they found online was just taunts. 
“Why aren’t Tobias‘ fans saying anything? They are always happily protecting him, but today they are weak. 
“Everyone, please don’t laugh. Their celebrity is uneducated. Who would invite a family member to a show like ‘Into Cascadia“?” 
“Celebrities from small towns are undistinguished.” 
The messages were read by Alexis. 
Fabian saw them too. He was in his office, and his eyes darkened slightly. 
“Is this what the netizens used to say about Tobias?” 
###chapter808
Chapter 808 Trying to Please Others but Receiving a Slap in the Face 
“It would indeed be like that for someone without a background.” Alexis thought for a while. “It is different 
now. 
“Those who sing and act are the capital. I often hear employees joke that they are working for capitalists. And after work, they have to look after the capitalists‘ ugly children.” 
While Alexis was speaking, he noticed Fabian looking at him. 
“Mr. Quinnell, I did not mean you. You are a capitalist, but you are different.” 
It was rare for Alexis to be so flustered. He nervously pushed up the glasses on his nose. 
Fabian would not be angry about this kind of thing, but he was curious. “Doesn’t Tobias have a lot of fans? I saw in reports that he has purchasing power and commercial value.” 
“Mr. Tobias is indeed impressive. He has been resisting attacks overseas, but some people still mock. him. The audience is more tolerant toward those with backgrounds.” 
Tobias raised his hand to show Fabian something. “You will understand when you read the messages 
below the video.” 
What Alexis showed Fabian was not a celebrity, but a blogger. 
Fabian did not understand at first. “He is not as good–looking as Tobias. Why does everyone call him‘ young master‘ and say that he is handsome?” 
“The location of this video is in the villa area.” Alexis lowered his head and said, “People nowadays 
belleve in this.” 
Fabian was a businessman, and he knew how important appearances were. 
It was human nature to admire excellence and advocate wealth. 
Fabian did not think that it was bad, but there was too much true and false information online. 
Under such conditions, he would rather see pure cohesion. 
It would be too sad if the love of so many could not counteract the gimmick of “The Quinnell’s adopted 
daughter. 
Alexis could not comprehend Fabian’s thought process. 
He only heard him ask, “Ho 
did 
Wynter arrange it?” 
“Ms. Wynter said that there was/no rush. Mr. Rowan will go out and claim them after they have won.” 
As soon as Alexis said this, Fabian burst out laughing. “As expected of the Quinnells, they have a backbone. Just do as Wynter said and wait for them to win first.” 
The Quinnells were like that and they never bullied people with their power. 
Chapter 800 Trying to Please Others but Receiving a Slap in the Face 
But if the other party wanted to compete, they would not be afraid either. 
Bill had wanted to get into the Quinnells through Naomi. 
He willingly agreed when Shane invited him. 
He really did not have any connections to aristocrats and did not know what was going on with the 
Quinnells. 
Bill’s idea was simple. Fabian could not reject his son. 
Even if they were estranged, they were still family when it came down to it. 
He did not know Tobias, and he couldn’t even guess at Wynter’s identity. 
Bill sat proudly next to Naomi. When he looked at Tobias and Wynter, his face was full of disdain. 
Not only that, but his first words after picking up the microphone were, “I am not talented, but I would like to ask you something, Ms. Barron. What are the guest selection criteria for ‘Into Cascadia?” 
This made Lindsay pause for a while, and she answered with a smile, “Consideration of multiple areas. 
“If culture is not a large consideration, that is not ideal.” Bill was worthy of being called a father figure.” After all, young people are watching, so we still need to have more ideological output. 
“It is better to avoid inviting those with other intentions. Especially those who have not studied much and yet want to appear on the show.” 
It was clear to everyone present who Bill was referring to. 
Waves of discussion could be heard from the audience. Everyone’s gaze fell on Wynter’s face. 
###chapter809
Chapter 309 Having Culture and Qualifications 
Chapter 809 Having Culture and Qualifications 
In all fairness, she did look like someone from a girl group. Coupled with her attire, she looked dark and 
beautiful. 
No one would really believe that she could delve into cultural relics, except for Haddon in the special guest area. He had not switched on his microphone. 
He did not understand at first, so he asked the person next to him. “Who is Bill talking about?” 
“There seems to be a bit of misunderstanding,” the on–site director explained. He was worried that Haddon was concerned about celebrities joining a cultural relic show. 
“Despite their young age, the brother and sister have passed the assessment. So they are able to join this 
recording.” 
Tobias did not cheat, but what was even more surprising was his sister. Her answers were short, and she 
answered quickly. 
However, they were unable to reveal such things. 
With a glare, Haddon said, “You mean that Bill? That’s outrageous! When can I turn on my microphone?” “Not now, Mr. Martinez. You have to wait until all the groups have selected their cultural relics.” The on- site director tried to hold him back and comforted him by saying, “Don’t worry. 
“The competition format is in place, so nothing will go terribly wrong. Mr. Loft was just raising his ions. It is normal.” 
“Normal?” Bill was such an ignorant person. Haddon knew that the show had its own considerations. 
He would make things difficult for the staff if he went on stage now. But he was furious at what Bill had 
said. 
Even if she was not an expert, she was still a young person. She was already ridiculed for appearing on 
stage. 
How? These days, could one tell a 
comparison of family backgrounds. 
Son’s cultural level just by looking at their exterior? This was not a 
Haddon took a sip of water but still could not calm down. 
This was not the first time Bill had done something like this. He relied on his qualifications too. 
Before going on stage, Jacqueline had instructed Tobias to remain humble in everything. 
Tobias remained quiet because he did not want his words to be distorted in reports. 
But today, the other person was criticizing his sister. 
Tobias had a cold and grave expression. “Before the competition even started, Mr. Loft was already wilfully slandering a person. 
Chapter 809 Having Culture and Qualifications 
“Such behavior is not reflective of an educator in the literature department. It sounds more like nonsense 
from a stubborn old man.” 
He was very direct. 
No one thought that a celebrity, even if it was a top celebrity, would dare to publicly criticize an educator. 
After all, these people were from literary circles, and they had complex connections. 
It was said that a person could offend anyone except one who wields a pen. 
Furthermore, those who wielded pens came from respectable backgrounds. They were entitled to say 
whatever they wanted. 
No matter how popular the celebrities were, those who wielded pens could easily call them out. 
What was wrong with Tobias? 
His team was also a bit anxious. “Jacqueline. Tobias he-” 
“You all still do not understand him? He is fine with being bullied. But once 
you bully someone important to him, he will not take it lying down.” 
Irene realized that too. When she first entered the industry, someone from the crew wanted to drink with 
her. 
It was Tobias who stepped forward to help her out with a smile. “She is a lady, and taking care of me is rather tiring. She doesn’t have much tolerance for alcohol, so I’ll drink.” 
The man refused. He said that if Irene did not sit down to drink, he would not give the movie role to 
Tobias. 
At that moment, Tobias broke a wine bottle and poured the whole bottle of wine on the man’s head. With a low voice, he said scathingly, “Is that enough to drink? 
“If it’s not enough, I can open another bottle. Do I need a part in your movie? I was just giving you 
deference.” 
That episode was famous. 
Tobias was nearly frozen out after the incident. 
due 
He had not filmed anything for a year, but he did not care. “I’m not an actor anyway. I am a celebrity.” 
Everyone thought that he was not tactful enough and that he was arrogant. 
Only those who had been around him for a long time knew that he was just protecting them. 
But this time on stage, he would surely be ridiculed by the whole online community. 
###chapter810
Chapter 810 Wynter Understands the Situation 
No one knew when it started. 
The educated oppressed the uneducated, 
Those with qualifications could judge those without qualifications. 
It was as if being literate made one more superior than others. 
How many had benefited from their parents‘ hard work? 
Knowledge was not about bullying the weak. 
When the situation was different, people’s thinking would be different too. 
Bill shook his head slowly. “I’ve only said a few words, yet the young people nowadays aren’t able to take it. They do not think about much, and they just want to prove themselves. Isn’t that right? 
“What is the point of getting angry?” Bill looked at Naomi helplessly. “Is it wrong that I do not understand 
the entertainment circle?” 
Naomi tugged at him. “Mr. Loft, we just need to take care of ourselves. I know of your love for literary antiquities, and you do not like anyone taking advantage of them. 
“But there could be some misunderstanding somewhere. I believe those participating in the show have pure intentions.” 
As she said this, she smiled sweetly at Tobias. Her smile was sincere and friendly. 
People did not know Tobias‘ identity. 
They just felt that the young lady was easy to get along with. She was considerate and did not seem pretentious at all. 
Tobias was speechless when he saw that smile. 
He could not turn on his microphone, so he turned his head to look at his sister. 
The impatient look on his face seemed to convey the message that he had not liked Naomi since they were younger, and she had always justified herself. Tobias hoped Wynter would believe him. 
Wynter’s attention was elsewhere. She was looking at some Foplyan merchants. 
She absently fiddled with her sugilite pendant while concealing her thoughts. It wasn’t until Tobias glanced toward her that she started to smile. She showed him an expression that meant she understood 
his unspoken message. 
As for the person standing opposite her, Wynter thought that this was the best opportunity to completely defeat him. 
When Haddon saw her smile, he knew that she had something big planned. 
Chapter 810 Wynter Understands the Situation 
72 
She was indifferent, just like the time at the stone quarry. But this time, everyone on 
stage was her 
opponent. 
Bill did not think so. He did not like her gaze. She acted like she was superior. She should be grateful that 
he was teaching her. 
Bill said coldly, “You may think that way, Ms. Naomi, but the others certainly do not. They do not seem 
convinced.” 
Naomi looked embarrassed, as she was just about to use her trick to seduce men. 
Wynter started to speak, and her voice was calm and unhurried. “I am certainly not convinced. ‘Into Cascadia‘ is a show about the ability to identify cultural relics, not merely lip service. 
f you are interested in knowing why I’m on stage, you can ask the production team during the break. 
“Ms. Barron.” Wynter made a gesture to pass the floor back to her as she said accordingly, “I will hand the 
floor back to you. 
Logically speaking, the host should be the one in control. 
Bill’s words made it difficult for Lindsay, as he did not pay her much attention at all. 
On such an occasion, there were advantages and disadvantages. 
Everyone liked to watch shows where there were conflicts. Especially when it involved gossip about popular celebrities. They loved it and wanted more. 
The opening segment was already ranked as the most popular on the platform. 
Therefore, the director, Ollie Atkinson, did not stop them. Yet he did not hope that the show would deteriorate to the point where people tore each other apart. 
What he had wanted was a show that treasured their cultural relics. And one that let the audience in front 
of the TV know that there were many popular characters in the history of Cascadia. 
Ollie had been wondering how to get Lindsay to steer the topic back to the competition format. 
Fortunately, Tobias‘ sister understood the overall situation. 
###chapter811
Chapter 811 The Bidding Begins 
The production tear was aware of the audience’s reaction. However, as program creators, they couldn’t help but hold Wynter in high regard. 
Bill prided himself on his knowledge and passion for literary antiques and often used his expertise to criticize others and boast of his abilities. Despite his difficult demeanor, the show couldn’t proceed without inviting him. 
Lindsay was quick to think on her feet. “It’s normal to have disagreements in the pursuit of artifact analysis. Mr. Loft, there’s no need to rush to conclusions. Young people might understand more than we think. Let’s take another look. I’m sure our viewers are eager to see each expert’s appraisal.” 
“All right, let’s begin with the item to my left. Item number one is a late Atlantean–carved wooden Kannon. Let the auction begin!” 
The room buzzed with excitement 
“Can anyone tell if this Kannon is real or fake? 
“The first item is usually 
genuine.” 
“Look! Mr. Loft is already examining it with a magnifying glass 
Tobias was also scrutinizing the item. Recently, he had been reading books on antique appraisal. Based on what he’d learned about the craftsmanship and patina, the wooden statue seemed to be an old piece with some history. However, he trusted Wynter’s judgment more than his amateur assessment. 
Since Wynter hadn’t made a move, Tobias didn’t raise his paddle either. However, the Kannon statue was lifelike and captivating. The serene expression, the smooth and pleasing surface, and the rich patina gave 
it an aged and dignified feel. 
To aid the bidders in their judgment, the item was passed around for a closer look. 
After Bill examined the artifact he signaled for Naomi to raise her paddle. Another team also placed a bid. 
The statue was worth bidding for, even if it was a replica. There’s a saying: “Gold in times of chaos, antiques in times of peace.” 
The Victorian era was a flourishing period for antiques. During that period, warlords looted many royal tombs, unearthing a wealth of valuable artifacts. 
In addition, some palace treasures were illicitly sold, which led to a surge in private collections. This era also saw a rise in counterfeit antiques, with renowned artist Paul Zedd being a master forger whose replicas of paintings were almost indistinguishable from the originals. 
So, the Kannon could still be valuable, even if it wasn’t genuine. It was evident that only Tobias” group hadn’t placed a bid. They didn’t even raise their paddle. 
Bill sneered. His laughter reverberated throughout the room. “Some people don’t seem to understand what antiques are or how auctions work. Have they even been to an auction before?” 
“Mr. Loft is right. They probably havent.” 
“Stars without connections probably can’t afford to attend auctions.” 
“It’s laughable that he chose to bring a relative who is so short–sighted.” 
Wynter remained unfazed by the criticisms. Lindsay, who worried their group might fall behind in points, gently prompted, “Would you like to place a bid?” 
Wynter smiled and replied, “No. Please introduce the next item.” 
“The second item from the Shadowvel era might be unfamiliar to some, but it was popular among the young gentlemen of that period. Please take a look.” 
“What is this?” 
“It’s in her hands. The colors look quite vibrant. 
###chapter812
Chapter 812 Embarrassed Dad 
Just then, Bill chuckled and spoke with confidence. “A finely crafted modern snuff bottle. If I saw this outside, I’d definitely buy it for my collection.” 
His comment signaled to the audience that the item was likely not authentic. Its vibrant colors and lifelike design made it quite appealing. However, this was an artifact evaluation, not everything was worth 
bidding on. 
Naomi smiled subtly and refrained from bidding. She not only sensed the artifact’s fortune but also discerned its authenticity from its texture. Those experienced in the antique world knew that truly old items never looked so pristine. 
The other team, which was initially hesitant, also lowered their hands. Seeing this, everyone assumed the 
item would go unsold and that the host would move on to the third piece.. 
Unexpectedly, Wynter raised her paddle and said calmly. “I’d like to bid on item number two.” 
Bill chuckled inwardly. Tobias‘ family was as clueless as him. Even if they didn’t know about antiques, 
they could tell from the audience’s reactions that the snuff bottle wasn’t worth bidding on. 
“She must be desperate for screen time, he uttered. 
While others didn’t see value in the item, Wynter took an interest and decided to bid. The snuff bottle was 
an enamel piece, adorned with a figure in a top hat holding a cane. Based on the design, it was clear the item wasn’t particularly old. 
Lindsay smiled and said, “Is anyone else interested in item two? Mr. Loft? Professor Hutt?” 
Bill waved dismissively, clearly amused and unwilling to comment further. Regan, on the other hand, 
maintained a gracious smile. 
“All right then,” Lindsay continued. “Item number 2 goes to Team Kina. With no other bids, this should be 
an easy win for them.” 
Tobias didn’t need to look to know what the others were thinking. He smirked and replied, “Yes, it’s an easy win. If the starting bid makes my sister happy, it’s worth it.” 
“Youngsters are certainly reckless. Old people like us can’t compete with them,” Bill remarked, his tone 
dripping with sarcasm. His words drew laughter from the audience. 
Shane had invited Bill precisely for this moment. Naomi had a natural talent for artifact collection. 
Tobias, however, seemed oblivious to the benefits of aligning with her. 
With Naomi’s expertise, she could have bolstered their reputation on the show and prevented the current 
mockery of their cultural ignorance. However, Tobias remained detached and aloof. 
Shane never approved of Tobias‘ career in singing and dancing and considered it a source of ridicule. Although his son had been more compliant before, he seemed to have lost his way since Wynter’s return. 
Shane didn’t expect Tobias to be smart enough to grasp the olive branch he was extending. Wynter might 
Chapter 812 Embarrassed Dad 
have picked up some company management skills with Dalton’s help. However, not everyone could understand artifact appraisal; it was a skill that required time and training. 
Take Naomi, for instance. Although she had innate talent, her years of exposure to fine artifacts in the Quinnell family gave her an undeniable edge. Wynter, in comparison, fell short. 
No matter how talented or capable someone from a small town may be, they can never match the status 
or sophistication of a noblewoman from the capital city. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter813
Chapter 813 Wynter Goes All In 
Shane seemed to have forgotten his duties as a father. Witnessing Wynter’s humiliation was now his source of pleasure as he wanted to regain control of the company and restore his pride. 
It wasn’t surprising that Shane held such bitter feelings, given that Wynter had always been a thorn in his side. 
Wynter saw through his schemes and smirked confidently. “Tobias, it seems like Mr. Quinnell hasn’t learned from his past lessons. Let’s make this an unforgettable experience for him.” 
Wynter had always felt indifferent toward Shane. However, in her dreams, she vividly remembered how he had undermined Tobias and Marie. What infuriated her most was how he had betrayed the Quinnell family for his own gain. He squandered generations of hard work for the Foplyans. 
As a result of Shane’s actions, Fabian passed away with regret and anger. Shane was unworthy of being part of the Quinnell family. 
As Wynter narrowed her eyes, Tobias sensed the powerful presence people often talked about. She exuded the same aura as when he first met her, fearlessly facing down a notorious criminal with nothing but sheer determination. 
“Wynter, I’ll follow your lead,” Tobias whispered while slightly turning his head. It was as if they were in their world and unaffected by the chatter around them. 
Wynter raised her hand. Her slender, fair wrist was adorned with the lucky token that jingled softly. “We’re going all in. We’ll bet half of the other two teams‘ bid prices.” 
The room erupted in astonishment. The move was tied to the show’s rules. The competition would accelerate if anyone dared to go all in. However, neither the host nor the behind–the–scenes crew expected anyone to do so, especially this early in the game with only two items presented. 
Did Wynter have that much confidence in her ability to identify each artifact correctly? Even seasoned collectors couldn’t guarantee a hundred percent accuracy rate. 
Even though the audience was stunned, Lindsay maintained her professional demeanor. She smiled and 
asked, “Let me confirm once more. Kina, is your team really going all in?” Although she addressed Kina, her eyes were fixed on Wynter. 
“Yes,” Wynter replied without hesitation. Her face remained calm and composed. 
The audience buzzed with renewed chatter, while the online commentaries soared. 
Bill shook his head. “This is pure/recklessness. They are clearly amateurs fooling around.” 
Naomi remained silent and turned to Shane. He nodded back at her, silently reassuring her not to worry. 
Following protocol, Lindsay had to seek confirmation from the other two teams. “Mr. Loft, Naomi, and Professor Hutt, do you agree?” 
“I do. It’s a surefire deal for us. Don’t you think so too, Mr. Loft?” Regan replied nonchalantly. 
Chapter 813, Wynter Goes All in 
Bill dismissed Wynter’s team and remarked, “Since the youngsters are eager to exit early, let’s grant their wish. Halve the bidding points. But let me remind you, going all in means you must accurately bid on each 
item.” 
Wynter remained composed and responded, “The rules are perfectly clear. We understand.” 
“Since our guests are so enthusiastic, please give me a moment,” Lindsay requested, standing between the three teams. The lighting shifted. A red light was flashing on Wynter’s team. Meanwhile, the other two teams deducted half their bidding points. 
“As is customary, before unveiling the third item, we will announce the authenticity of the first item. Please direct your attention to the big screen!” 
###chapter814
Chapter 814 Naomi’s Confidence 
After Lindsay’s announcement, the revelation about the carved wooden Kannon quickly followed. Just as everyone had suspected, it turned out to be a forgery. However, since the counterfeit plece came from a reputable family, it still held value as a collectible. 
As anticipated, the scores of the other two teams increased by two points, but there was no change in Wynter’s team’s score. This further solidified the audience’s belief that she was clueless and only seeking 
attention. 
Bill chuckled and sneered, “Well, it seems the youngsters guessed wrong on the first item. Shouldn’t the 
amount they went all in with be reset to zero?” A zero score would mean elimination for the team. 
Many fans were left puzzled by the turn of events. As Kina’s sister, Wynter could have played it safe and gradually increased her bids. 
Even with limited knowledge, anyone would know to act prudently. Wynter’s reckless strategy was clearly dragging Kina down; she was making an already difficult situation even worse. Was she deliberately trying 
to drive more hate toward Kina? 
Bill, who enjoyed teaching overconfident youngsters a lesson, found particular satisfaction in targeting celebrities: They earned more from their good looks than literary scholars like him ever could, and this inequity always grated on him. 
“Ms. Barron, please ask her to leave the stage,” Bill demanded. 
Just as Lindsay hesitated, the director’s voice came through her earpiece. “The rules are about identifying forgeries, and Kina’s team hasn’t made a mistake.” 
The audience heard the announcement clearly, Wynter’s relaxed demeanor suggested she had anticipated this outcome all along. 
Bill grumbled, “Youngsters sure have all the luck.” 
In the audience, Shane felt a twinge of disappointment. He had hoped this would be the moment to eliminate Wynter, but the loophole in the rules had given her more time. Still, he believed it was only a matter of minutes before she was ousted with the revelation of the second item. 
Everyone eagerly awaited the announcement about the authenticity of the second item. Interest in the third item, a supposed artifact from the Darythian era, was low since genuine Darythian artifacts were known to be housed in national museums and unlikely to be displayed at a place like this. 
As a result, no one bid on the third item, and it remained unsold. 
Lindsay, who was eager to maintain the audience’s engagement, announced, “Before we bring out item number four, let’s first reveal the authenticity of item number two. I know everyone is curious to find out if it’s genuine or fake. But first, I would like to pose a question to Ms. Naomi, who is a cultural relic restorer. 
Lindsay turned toward Naomi and continued, “Ms. Naomi, you examined the snuff bottle earlier but chose not to bid. Mr. Loft also seemed quite sure about his decision. For those of us who aren’t experts, could 
$314 Naomis confidence. 
you explain how you determined it wasn’t worth bidding on?” 
The camera panned to Naomi. This moment In the spotlight had been carefully orchestrated by Shane who had invested money to ensure his cherished adopted daughter had her chance to shine. His business partners also supported the move. 
Shane exchanged a knowing glance with the Foplyans behind him. Wynter took notice and furrowed her 
brows with disdain. 
Naomi enjoyed the attention on her. Instead of giving a brief explanation, she turned it into a performance. 
After walking to the artifact, Naomi said, “I’ve read extensively, thanks to my mentors. For our country, artifacts are a living history. These items carry the essence of their time. 
“If this were truly antique, its colors wouldn’t be so vibrant. Moreover, you can tell from the painting that it depicts a foreigner. Based on these observations, I believe it’s a modern piece.” 
Chapter 815 Wynter Impresses 
###chapter815
Chapter 815 Wynter Impresses 
“Nonsense!‘ Haddon, who was seated in the VIP section, couldn’t hold back any longer and sprang to his 
feet. 
“This is absurd!” he exclaimed. “Where did you find this so–called artifact restorer? Did you say she’s a rising star? Who taught her to identify artifacts by guessing the era based on appearances?” 
The audience was unaware of the scene, but the cameras captured it all. 
The director quickly tried to calm Haddon down. “Mr. Martinez, please, calm down. There are experts present. Kina’s team will explain everything clearly.” 
It took several people to restrain Haddon from storming the stage. He clenched his fists. He felt that the young ones needed to be taught a lesson about humility. 
On stage, Lindsay turned off the microphone and addressed Bill. “Mr. Loft, do you share this opinion?” 
Bill replied confidently, “I’m supportive of Naomi’s opinion.” 
“Very well. That’s your reason for not bidding.” Lindsay said with a smile. “Let’s hear the reason for bidding. 
Bill scoffed, “What could she possibly say? It’s just a waste of time.” 
The audience seemed to agree. They covered their mouths to stifle their laughter. They assumed Wynter wouldn’t respond. To their surprise, she smiled slightly and spoke calmly, “Mr. Loft, you seem a bit overconfident.” 
Bill’s disdain for Wynter was evident as he didn’t even glance at her. 
“Seems like not every ‘teacher‘ has the right qualifications,” Wynter remarked casually while idly playing with the lucky token in her hand. 
“What did you just say?” Bill demanded. 
Wynter remained composed and replied, “My reason for bidding on item number 2 is simple. It’s an 
authentic treasure. After so many years in academia, can’t you see that, Mr. Loft? It’s quite amusing to 
assess artifacts based on people.” 
Bill’s face darkened at her words. “You insolent brat! Do you have no respect for academia and your 
elders? Is this how your family raised you? How dare you talk nonsense when you don’t know anything?” 
Wynter looked up and said, “My family members are probably watching the television now.” 
Indeed, everyone was tuning in, especially the devoted employees who were staunch fans of Wynter. 
Outsiders might not understand her abilities, but as staff, they had witnessed her capabilities firsthand 
“I bet a hundred bucks that Mr. Loft is in trouble.” 
“Me too. I saw Mr. Albert’s expression turn cold while watching TV. He’s been back from abroad for days
, 
Chamer815 Wynter Impresses. 
and I never thought he’d show any emotions. If it weren’t for Mr. Quinnell Senlor’s order, I bet Mr. Albert. would’ve drafted a press release and made Bill Loft regret his actions.” 
“Mr. Sebastian is already preparing a legal letter. It’s frightening.” 
“Bill Loft went too far with his curt remarks. He’s clearly targeting Ms. Quinnell.” 
Lindsay could see through the situation easily. She didn’t want to witness Wynter being bullied. With a subtle smile, she intervened, “Mr. Loft, please calm down. Let our guests speak first. After all, we’re here to exchange ideas, and you did mention that we should give young people a chance.” 
Bill snorted in response. “I’m curious to hear what she has to say!” 
Wynter remained composed as she elaborated, “When authenticating artifacts, you should examine the patterns, colors, and texture. The vibrant hues of this piece suggest it dates back to the Lumier era. 
“Historical records in the national museum discussed the color palettes and aesthetics of that time. In addition, it’s well–known that during the Darythian era, our country had interactions with foreigners, let alone during the Lumier era.” 
The camera then shifted to Naomi, whose expression froze. She couldn’t retort because it was indeed typical for items from the Lumier era to feature such color schemes. 
###chapter816
Chapter 816 The Disgraced Academic 
The guests‘ expressions would naturally be enhanced before the cameras. Bill was no exception, and his nervousness was on full display. 
The audience exchanged glances and murmurs arose. 
“Wait, could she be right?” 
“Impossible! Why would a celebrity’s family know anything about antiques? She’s just making it up. How could such a valuable piece of antique from the Lumier era be undocumented?” 
The stubborn will never admit their mistakes until confronted with the truth. 
Naomi was also suspicious about Wynter’s analysis and wanted to defend herself. However, it was too 
late. 
The large screen lit up once again. The snuff bottle was placed in the glass case. A swirling ink–splatter painting detailed its tale through unfolding scenes. 
Legend had it that during the waning years of the Lumier era, a foreign envoy arrived to pay tribute. He was fascinated with the exquisite craftsmanship of Cascadia. 
At that time, the craftsmanship of Cascadia was top–notch in the world. Hence, a skilled master made a snuff bottle with the envoy’s appearance. It was indeed a product from the Lumier era! 
A wave of murmurs swept through the crowd as everyone turned to Wynter. Those who had been. mocking Wynter earlier were not silent. 
Bill’s expression darkened. He looked like he had been kicked in the stomach. Naomi clenched her fists and fumed internally. However, this didn’t dampen the audience’s enthusiasm in the least. 
The camera zoomed in on Wynter while Lindsay exclaimed, “Wow! This is incredible.” She turned to Wynter and continued, “item two is authentic!” 
Wynter nodded and smirked in response. The Kina fans online were going wild in the comments section. 
“Wynter is so cool!” 
“Hell, yeah!” 
The show’s popularity had hit a record high. 
Meanwhile, Shane clenched his jaw and glared at Bill. The silent demand for an explanation hung heavy in 
the air. 
he wasn’t that 
Before the show, Bill had promised Shane that everything would go smoothly. Shane knew he capable, but he never imagined such incompetence. Were all his accolades just a sham? 
In truth, that was how society works. It wasn’t always the most visible person who was talented; oftentimes, they were just good at building connections. Their expertise in antique appraisal might be mediocre, but they’d mastered the art of networking. 
Chapter 816 The Disgraced Academic- 
Connections could trump actual competence, as evidenced by Bill’s meteoric rise. Even though he had a few missteps along the way, as long as he had the right connections, his reputation remained unscathed. Hence, Bill intended to make use of the Quinnell family to elevate his status. 
In the past, there were reports of women using their charms to gain academic advantage. 
Although Bill wasn’t one of them, he was well aware of the industry’s unspoken rules. He had gotten away with insulting many people before, so there was no way he was going to be embarrassed by a small–town girl. It didn’t matter if things hadn’t gone according to plan. 
Bill knew he had to prevent things from spiraling out of control. If he didn’t act, his reputation would be 
toast. 
Feigning nonchalance, Bill said, “It’s hard to compete with the youngsters these days. They think a little theory is all they need to be experts. I never expected vibrant colors to be such a trend in the Lumier era. 
“As veterans in the field, we need to take more caution with appraisals. We have to take responsibility for our words, unlike youngsters who can just take a wild guess.” 
Bill was clearly implying Wynter had been simply lucky. 
###chapter817
Chapter 817 Disgrace 
Wynter casually looked up. “Honestly, I wasn’t planning on saying much, but Mr. Loft, your professorship seems to warrant further scrutiny, doesn’t it?” 
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Bill snapped. 
Wynter smirked and responded, “Just take it at face value.” 
Naomi intervened to smooth things over. “Wynter, please remember we’re on air. Let’s show some 
respect to our seniors.” 
*Seniors? Whose, exactly? Yours? Well, that explains a lot. Birds of a feather flock together.” 
“You’re utterly outrageous!” Bill turned to Lindsay while seething, “I won’t come on the show if she’s around. You better handle this. It’s absurd to invite such an ignorant youngster, who doesn’t even have a degree, just because her brother’s a celebrity! It’s laughable!” 
Bill was confident that the production team would choose him over Wynter. After all, his credentials spoke for themselves. 
Caught off guard by the turn of events, Lindsay was about to intervene when Wynter said, “Mr. Loft seems a bit touchy. Is he trying to throw his weight around?” 
“There are detailed records of the second item. The famous collector, Mr. Matthew Mott, splurged five thousand dollars on a snuff bottle from the Tranquil Renaissance. 
“It made its way to an auction in Havenia, changed hands a few times, and eventually found its way back to the national museum. Mr. Loft, you are a professor in the field. Haven’t you come across this?” 
The more matter-of–factly Wynter spoke, the sourer Bill’s expression grew. 
The crowd seemed to favor Bill earlier, but now they were beginning to form their own opinions. 
Wynter had guessed the authenticity of the item accurately. However, Bill hadn’t shown any real expertise. thus far. He simply kept making sarcastic remarks. 
Lindsay was planning to consult the production team. Before she could do so, Bill smacked his forehead. “Of course! How could I forget!” 
Suddenly, Bill’s gaze toward Wynter changed to admiration. “You aren’t clueless at all. You’re practically 
an expert!” 
“I’ve read a few books, so I have a decent grasp of antiques,” Wynter responded with a smile. Then she looked at Bill quizzically and asked, “Mr. Loft, you still haven’t answered my question. Why do you keep glancing toward the audience?
” 
Seeing the lack of response, Wynter continued, “Are you looking at Mr. Quinnell? If that’s the case, I’m afraid you’ll be disappointed. You may not be familiar with Mr. Quinnell, but I am. He won’t help anyone who’s worthless to him. 
“Mr. Loft, why don’t you share with us how you managed to become an expert over these years? 
Chapter 817 Disgrace 
“And as for the supposed rising star in cultural relic restoration by your side, does she really possess the skills? Or is she a sham who’s merely following your lead?” 
“You… You!” Bill’s chest heaved as he pointed accusingly at Wynter. “I’ll sue you for slander!” 
Wynter’s lips curved into a faint smile. “Be my guest.” 
Bill had never encountered such an arrogant person. He had assumed he could easily defeat an insignificant girl like her. 
How dare Wynter challenge him openly? And why wasn’t Shane coming to his defense? 
Feeling confused, Bill blurted out, “Mr. Quinnell, are you going to let her tarnish my and Naomi’s reputation like this? Why not have the Quinnell family’s legal team teach her a lesson? She’s insulting you!” 
Shane wished he could vanish into thin air. How could Bill be so foolish as to mention the Quinnell family’s legal team? Did he even grasp the implications of what he was suggesting? 
Upon hearing this, Wynter smirked. “Did you say the Quinnell family’s legal team should teach me a lesson?* 
###chapter818
Chapter 818 Embarrassing 
Naomi reacted quickly and called out, “Mr. Loft!” 
She couldn’t risk Wynter exposing the truth as it would swiftly change the online narrative. 
With a shrewd look, Naomi warned Bill, “We’re here to assess artifacts. Let’s stick to our professional roles without mentioning personal Identities. Expertise is what counts here.” 
Naomi’s reproach managed to win her some sympathy. At least, she wouldn’t be blamed for Bill’s potential blunders. 
Next, Naomi maintained her composure and said, “Let’s continue, Ms. Barron. I have faith that Mr. Loft will prove himself in the subsequent assessments.” 
The audience agreed with Naomi’s suggestion. 
“That’s right. It’s only the fourth item. We should determine the winner after going through all ten items.” 
“Even though Mr. Loft’s credentials are questionable, we shouldn’t underestimate the rising star in cultural relic restoration. Her track record speaks volumes. I’d caution the person’s sister to choose her words more carefully.” 
“Track record? What track record?” 
“Don’t you know? She worked with Mr. Martinez to appraise renowned paintings.” 
Naomi had undeniably benefited from Shane’s substantial marketing investment. In the realm of cultural relics, any association with Haddon ensured a positive perception. Yet, he never expected Haddon’s 
presence at the event. 
Despite the organizers‘ attempts to persuade him, Haddon refused to budge. He didn’t snatch the microphone; instead, he promptly left the VIP seat. 
It was awkward to have a tense atmosphere during the recording. Naomi’s timely intervention to preserve Bill’s reputation proved to be a saving grace for him, much to Shane’s relief. 
Meanwhile, Bill clenched his fists and glared at Wynter. He was adamant about making her pay the price. 
for his humiliation. 
Seeing Wynter’s decision to go all in, Bill was determined to make her lose both reputation and credibility. 
Nobody bid for the fourth auction item. When it came to the fifth item, Bill and Naomi exchanged glances, both sensing it was worth acquiring. Judging by Wynter’s expression, it seemed she was also preparing to 
bid. 
Bill immediately called out, “We’re going all–in for item five.” 
Naomi turned to Wynter and acted apologetically. “I’m sorry, but I really like the fifth item. Those who know me well are aware of my passion for calligraphy and paintings. Whenever I encounter genuine pieces, I can’t resist going all out.” 
Chapter 815 Embarrassing 
When the audience saw Wynter raising a brow, they thought she was expressing her dissatisfaction. 
“Ms. Naomi really likes such items. Previously, she and Mr. Martinez collaborated on appraising calligraphy and paintings.” 
Mr. Martinez? Wynter tilted her head to the side. It didn’t seem like he was involved. 
Upon hearing his name, Haddon hastened his steps even further. The cameraman trailing behind him was shouting desperately. The audience remained oblivious to this unfolding drama. 
Naomi observed Wynter’s thoughtful expression with a hint of satisfaction. “I’m sorry, but I bidded first 
this time.” 
She hoped to elicit a reaction of resentment from Wynter. However, Wynter simply shrugged. “There’s no need to apologize. The fake item is all yours.” 
Infuriated by her response, Bill snapped, “The organizers haven’t confirmed the item’s authenticity. How dare you claim that it’s fake? Can you stop being so arrogant? 
“It doesn’t matter if you’re rude to me, but why are you acting this way to the Quinnell family’s adopted daughter? Do you even know who she worked with to appraise relics? It was with Mr. Haddon Martinez! Never mind, you won’t know who he is. You-” 
Suddenly, a deep voice cut Bill off. “It looks like you people are the ones who need to stop being so arrogant!” 
###chapter819
Chapter 819 Haddon Reveals the Truth 
On camera, an elderly man clad in a white brocade robe emerged from the audience. His silvery hair and old age exuded an aura of refined elegance, yet his eyes bore an icy glare. 
Haddon stared at Bill and Naomi with evident hostility. “What brings you here?” Regan exclaimed, rushing 
to greet him. 
In the world of relics, reputation reigned supreme. And where did one’s reputation stem from? Often, it was from unearthing valuable treasures or authenticating rare artifacts. 
Haddon, who was an expert in the field, had dedicated his life to recovering lost cultural relics, especially those belonging to his country. He commanded respect from everyone in the industry. Despite his stature, he remained humble and shunned the limelight. 
In recent years, Haddon had voiced his belief that he still had much to learn and often immersed himself in fieldwork, spending extended periods in graveyards. He spent almost a year at each venue and lived under harsh conditions. With such a mindset, he stood unrivaled in his field. 
In addition, Haddon had always been known to be caring and mentor others in the field. However, he suddenly appeared very serious. “What’s your name?” 
Feeling somewhat embarrassed under the audience’s watchful eyes, Naomi maintained her polite smile and replied, “Hello, sir. My name is Naomi Quinnell.” 
“Addressing me as ‘sir‘ only proves you don’t know me. If you don’t know me, how did you appraise famous paintings with me?” 
The audience was taken aback by Haddon’s words. Regan quickly intervened, “This is Mr. Martinez.” 
His words caused an uproar in the audience. Naomi’s face drained of color instantly 
“So, you’ve been lying all this time. You claimed to have appraised famous paintings with me. Now everyone knows your true colors.” 
Haddon’s sudden appearance was mind–blowing and caused the show’s popularity to soar. The audience covered their mouths in disbelief as they looked at Naomi. They never expected her to lie. 
“What’s the deal with this adopted daughter of the Quinnell family?” 
“No wonder someone said she needs to be investigated. I’ve seen socialites, but never one who pretends 
to be a cultured person.” 
Naomi stood under the spotlight on the stage. At that moment, she felt utterly embarrassed. 
If someone exaggerates in marketing, they should be prepared for potential backlash. No one anticipated that Haddon would confront Naomi directly.. 
This time, Naomi did not only face embarrassment within her social circle. She was also exposed to a nationwide audience. 
Bill, who was caught off guard by the situation, was about to call out to Haddon when the elderly man 
Chapter 819 Haddon Reveals the 
turned around. His stern demeanor was replaced with excitement. 
212 
Stepping forward, Haddon extended his hand and said, “I never expected to meet a respected senior like 
In such circumstances. These people are ignorant; they don’t understand cultural relics or judge 
character well.” 
you 
Senior? Who was Haddon referring to as a senior?. 
Bill felt his heart pounding, and he felt faint. It couldn’t be. How could Haddon possibly consider her as 
his senior? However, Wynter stood composed and dignified in front of the audience. 
###chapter820
Chapter 820 Wynter Gains Fame 
The audience erupted in excitement, and their eyes widened in disbelief. Even the director and host seemed taken aback. Staff members exchanged stunned looks and froze in place. 
Could it be true? Could it really be what they had speculated? 
The executive producer was the first to regain composure. He swiftly directed the cameramen. 
“Focus all cameras on Kina’s sister’s face, quickly!” 
Who cares about filming the Quinnell family’s adopted daughter? A girl whom Haddon considered a senior? This revelation could shake the entire cultural relic community! 
The executive producer knew precisely what the audience wanted. The comment section exploded. Those who had criticized Wynter just moments ago and accused her of seeking fame because she came onto this show without respecting her seniors now sat in front of their screens in disbelief. 
This couldn’t even be scripted. Haddon had referred to Wynter as a senior? The shocking news was trending on social media. 
Each person’s expression told a different story. Bill wore the most troubled expression; his complexion paled and he was unsteady on his feet. If not 
for the table behind him, he might have collapsed then and there. 
Naomi’s face betrayed a mix of emotions. She was caught between embarrassment and a desire to vanish from the spotlight. However, leaving the show midway was out of the question. 
The only person on stage who remained composed was Wynter. “It’s been quite some time. You seem to have lost weight since we last met. Please take care of yourself.” 
Haddon felt genuine joy at Wynter’s concern. Unable to contain his smile, he replied, “Certainly, I’ll follow your prescription and take my medicine.” 
Haddon’s profound respect for Wynter stemmed not just from her exceptional appraisal skills but also from her once saving his life. 
Two years ago, Haddon had been diagnosed with a tumor. The doctors then urged him to undergo immediate treatment. They had warned him of potential cancerous developments. However, Haddon, who preferred the company of artifacts to hospital beds, couldn’t bear the thought of being confined. 
Haddon had asked the doctors for his chances of full recovery. Seeing the uncertainty in their responses, Haddon realized the potential gravity of his condition. 
Rather than opting for surgery, Haddon ventured to explore a newly discovered tomb. Despite the concerns of his family and the hospital’s recommendations, no one could ascertain the treatment outcomes. 
During that period, Haddon was just taking each day as it came. He was hoping to do something meaningful in his final years. Thankfully, fate intervened, and he met Wynter. 
Chapter 820 Wynter Gains Fome 
Wynter administered acupuncture treatment and gave Haddon medicinal herbs for a week. Initially, he didn’t take it seriously. However, upon returning to Kingbourne, Haddon decided to head to the hospital for a follow–up with his family. 
The doctors were astounded. After confirming multiple times, they informed him that the tumor had 
vanished. 
When the doctors asked if the artifacts excavated from the tomb had miraculous effects, Haddon truthfully recounted his experience. The doctors couldn’t believe it and murmured in amazement, This is Incredible!” 
From their reactions, Haddon realized that Wynter was not only highly skilled in artifact appreciation but also in medicine. What’s more, she was still underage at the time. 
Even now, the doctors were still asking Haddon if he could locate Wynter so that they could learn her 
treatment methods. 
Haddon chuckled and looked at Wynter. “They are lucky to have someone as capable as you appear on 
###chapter821
Chapter 821 Tobias Riding on Wynter’s Fame 
“There are some old items I’ve been wanting to restore, but I’ve always been worried about my eyes and hands. I may not be able to handle them well as they’re delicate. Ms. Wynter, if you have time after the show, could you visit my place?” 
This unexpected request came from Haddon. 
The people on stage didn’t know how to react. They didn’t dare interrupt the two big shots and could only glance at Tobias. 
Their looks seemed to say, “Did you know that your sister was this amazing?” 
Tobias kept his expression in check, as expected from a top celebrity who must remain composed no matter what happens. 
However, he was furiously texting under the table. 
“Did you guys see that? Oh my god! Mr. Martinez just addressed Wynter so respectfully! It’s Mr. Martinez, 
the one from the textbooks! 
“Wynter said she knows a bit about cultural relics, but how skilled is she really? Guys, I have a feeling I’m going to ride on Wynter’s fame and sweep the entertainment headlines this time.” 
Tobias maintained his suave demeanor, but his texts were completely contradictory. 
“Why is everyone silent? Are you all Jealous of me? Well, I can’t help it. Wynter and I are closest. That’s why she came to participate in the show with me.” 
Before he could finish his self–congratulatory spiel, Sebastian sent a message. “Only you would believe Wynter when she says she only knows a bit.” 
Rowan chimed in, “You have mediocre acting and also a mediocre brain. I wonder if you inherited some 
bad genes. 
Albert added, “His looks do resemble Dad’s though.” 
Tobias was rendered speechless. 
Meanwhile, Wynter suddenly said, “I need to ask my brother.” 
With this, Tobias became the center of attention just as he wanted. 
Before Tobias could recover from being treated like a “sandbag” by his brothers, the camera turned 
toward him. 1 
Lindsay coughed lightly. She was signaling him to speak into the mic. 
Tobias hurriedly put down his phone and spoke in a low but affectionate tone, “If you want to go, go ahead. Grandpa will be happy if you help Mr. Martinez.” 
“Okay,” Wynter responded. Then she turned to Haddon again, Suddenly, she frowned a little, as if she had 
Chapter 821 Tobas Riding on Wynters Tam 
realized something. She tightened her grip on the lucky coin in her hand. “After the show.” 
Did the show even need to continue? The hype was about to explode! 
Regan spoke truthfully, “Ms. Wynter, we underestimated you earlier. It was our mistake. Mr. Martinez, there’s no need for you to lecture us. We’ll definitely reflect on our actions. It’s no wonder you went all in. 
You knew the score.” 
He then glanced at Lindsay. “I admit defeat.” 
This was a clear declaration. Haddon, as the special guest, unexpectedly appeared and revealed an even more formidable figure in cultural relics, and she was just a young lady. It was truly shocking. 
Regan needed a breather. 
But Bill wasn’t as fortunate. 
Wynter singled out Bill’s team. “Mr. Loft’s team might still be able to compete.” 
Bill was nearly on his knees. 
Sweat dripped down his forehead as he explained, “It’s all a misunderstanding. We shouldn’t be fighting amongst ourselves. Ms. Wynter, if you had mentioned your relationship earlier, I wouldn’t have doubted 
vou.” 
“So in your eyes, relationships are more important than ability when it comes to appraising cultural relics? 
Wynter hit the nail on the head. 
The people in the room looked at Bill differently now. 
The comments were flooding in as well. 
“Remember, Wynter doubted Bill’s professional knowledge just now.” “Then how did he become a professor?” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter822
Chapter 822 Shane Can’t Escape 
“Could Bill be an academic fraud?” 
Bill was sweating profusely on stage. 
He couldn’t take it anymore. When he saw that someone in the audience had gotten up to leave, he desperately called out, “Mr. Quinnell, you must help me! You were the one who asked me to help Ms. 
Naomi deal with them!” 
“What the hell? What’s going on? Is there some inside story?” 
“I suspected Bill’s behavior today. He’s usually condescending, but today it seemed like he was out to crush Tobias and especially his sister. It’s like he wanted everyone to think they were uneducated.” 
“Well, then he’s really cruel. Luckily, Wynter is capable. Otherwise, he’d be using his professional status to say whatever he wanted.” 
“And the key point is, he’s asking for Mr. Quinnell! Is the Quinnell family in this too?” 
As speculation swirled among netizens, the cameramen turned their cameras to the audience. 
When Shane saw the camera turning toward him, he raised his hand to block it. 
His current disheveled state was a stark contrast to the confidence he had shown when stepping out of 
the car. 
While covering his face, he tried to leave, but the audience didn’t budge. They were eager to find out what 
was going on. 
On stage, Naomi sensed trouble. She started to step back and hoped to slip away unnoticed. 
But someone was faster–a small figure darted forward. 
It turned out that Wolf had been at the backstage entrance the whole time, staying out of sight. 
With a piece of toast in his mouth, his round eyes glowed faintly red as he looked at Naomi. 
Previously, in such situations, Naomi would use her power to make him willingly step aside. But this time, it actually failed. 
Naomi stared in disbelief at the little boy in front of her. 
Wasn’t he that poor, mute kid who always followed Wynter around? Why wasn’t he affected by her 
powers? 
Naomi panicked and tried to push him away. 
Shane was experiencing the same problem. 
However, none of them could escape. The cameras followed them closely, just as they had hoped- except this wasn’t the attention they wanted. 
Chapter 822 Shane Can’t Escape 
Bill realized that something was wrong. 
It seemed even the production team was siding with Wynter. 
Even if Haddon respected her, she had offended Shane. Didn’t the production team consider this? 
The show’s chief director, Ollie Atkinson, knew much more than Bill. He was even having coffee with Dalton and the director of the TV station, Elijah Diaz, at that moment. 
Smiling, Ollie said, “Mr. Yarwood, don’t worry. Everything will be fair. Besides, as Mr. Martinez said, it’s an honor for our show. This is the first time I’ve seen your fiancée. I didn’t expect her to be so young.” 
The show was already a hit, and Ollie was thrilled. 
On top of that, Dalton personally came to discuss product placements for the show. This was like receiving a windfall. 
Dalton raised his hand, revealing his scarlet rosary bracelet. Though he was just drinking coffee, his demeanor exuded a scholarly air, more refined than that of the aristocrats on TV. He spoke in a deep, pleasant tone, “Oh? Do you think we make a good match?” 
“Of course!” Ollie was stunned for a moment, then nodded enthusiastically. “You two are a perfect match!” 
Pleased, Dalton set down his cup with a smile. “You have a good eye, Mr. Atkinson. Continue the recording. Let’s satisfy the audience’s curiosity while the excitement is high.” 
Ollie felt that Dalton wasn’t intending to satisfy the audi
###chapter823
Chapter 823 Wynter’s Identity Revealed 
Though Ollie guessed it, he didn’t dare voice it. Dalton’s presence here indicated his influence. 
Considering their relationship, Shane was Dalton’s father–in–law. Yet Dalton showed no mercy toward him. 
Ollie felt a chill down his spine. Luckily, when Shane had approached him, wanting him to give extra attention to Naomi, Ollie had used a headache as an excuse to decline the invitation for dinner. 
Otherwise, he might have been on Dalton’s hit list too. Fortunately, he had a bottom line and hadn’t acted recklessly. 
Yet, the production team did need to explain to the audience. 
Bill kept shouting, “Mr. Quinnell! Mr. Quinnell, please don’t leave! Mr. Quinnell!” 
Wynter smiled. “Mr. Loft, are you calling to request the use of Quinnell Group’s legal team? If so, there’s no need to shout.” 
Wynter moved slightly to make way. “I’ve brought them here for you.” 
Footsteps sounded from behind the curtain, and the smart director quickly turned the camera toward them. 
Standing in a row were none other than the legal team of Quinnell Group. 
i 
Each of them was impeccably dressed with a briefcase in hand. They were all well–known lawyers in the 
industry. 
They rarely appeared together, but now they did. 
What Bill had been eagerly anticipating now filled him with an inexplicable sense of unease. 
No, something was off.. 
Before he could react, the five lawyers walked straight to Wynter’s side. 
“Ms. Quinnell, the documents are ready. You and Mr. Tobias can act at any time.” 
They all addressed Wynter together. Their voices were synchronized, which stunned everyone at the 
venue. 
The audience stopped in their tracks and stared at Wynter and her legal team with widened eyes. 
Even the comments miraculously stopped running for a moment. 
Then came the overwhelming screams of “Oh my God!” 
“What the hell? No way!” 
“My heart is about to jump out of my chest!” 
‘Someone slap me and tell me I’m not seeing things!” 
Chapter 823 Wynter’s identity Revested. 
“Ms. Quinnell? She’s actually the real heiress of the Quinnell family!” 
“Oh my God! I’m so infatuated with her. She went to a chapel personally so that the heroic spirit could return to its homeland. She’s so cool!” 
“Wait, stay calm. Is this real? Are any Quinnell Group employees here? Can you confirm if she’s really the heiress of the Quinnells?” 
Before the employees could respond, Alexis admitted it directly through Quinnell Group’s official Twitter 
account. 
The tweet read, “Quinnell Group’s legal team is ready by Ms. Quinnell’s side. 
“Oh my God! It’s true!” 
“Ms. Quinnell is so stunning! Forget being a CEO. She should debut as an idol!” 
“Who said that Ms. Quinnell doesn’t show her face because she’s ugly?” 
“She’s so good–looking. It’s killing me!” 
“Wait, if Wynter is the heiress of the Quinnell family, then Tobias…!” 
“No way. Don’t think nonsense.” 
However, Alexis just smiled and reposted this comment. “Maybe Tobias is the Quinnells‘ youngest son.” 
In an instant, the entire internet exploded. Not just the entertainment section, but even the financial pages. were reporting it. 
Quinnell Group once again dominated the trending topics list. There were five trending topics just about 
Tobias alone. 
Jacqueline looked at the pa 
dumbfounded. 
“Jacqueline, is Tobias really…” 
Jacqueline nodded. 
on her phone while trembling. Likewise, the staff at the agency were all 
The staff hugged each other excitedly. 
Back at the studio, Bill found it hard to stand steady, even with a table to support him. His legs were trembling uncontrollably. 
Meanwhile, Naomi’s heart rate had not gone down since Haddon appeared earlier, and now she didn’t want the camera to catch her anymore. 
###chapter824
Chapter 824 Exposed In Public 
However, Naomi didn’t call the shots here. 
The legal team from Quinnell Group wouldn’t just show up for no reason. They came armed with evidence. 
And that evidence clearly showed that Bill had been engaging in academic fraud. 
But that wasn’t all. He had also been using his position as a professor to favor certain students for personal gain. 
Take Naomi, for instance. She only had average talent. There were thousands of others who understood cultural relic restoration better than her. 
Yet, simply because Naomi paid money, opportunities that should have gone to other students to shine and win awards were instead given to her. 
The prestige in this field was earned through merit. 
Naomi could have funded her own exhibition, yet she insisted on taking spots meant for others. 
And to add insult to injury, she even stole credit from her own group members, with Bill pulling the strings. Faced with such damning evidence, Haddon was shaking with anger. 
“What do you take cultural relic restoration for?” He couldn’t hold back and slammed the evidence onto Bill’s head. 
Haddon truly loved this field. He hoped for the younger generation to understand the allure of cultural relics and the splendor and richness of Cascadia over the past five millennia. 
The aesthetic creativity and craftsmanship of their ancestors were worth learning from and inheriting. 
So for years, Haddon had been mentoring young talents. 
But who would’ve thought that such a bad apple would appear in his school? 
Bill knew he was done for. 
This was a national TV show, and his deeds were laid bare before the public. With Haddon present, there 
was no chance of redemption. 
Now, all he hoped for was to avoid going to court. So he scrambled to Wynter’s side. “Young lady, no, Ms. Quinnell, I messed up. It wasn’t my intention to mess with you. It was your sister!” 
He pointed back, and Naomi’s face appeared on the screen. 
“It’s her. She told me to deal with Tobias, and then she’d bail me out later!” 
Naomi was still covering her face. She nearly couldn’t control her emotions. 
How could this damn Bill, drag her down with him? 
Naomi couldn’t stand the scrutiny from all directions. She wanted to hide. 
Chapter 024 Exposed in Public 
27 
But Bill wasn’t done yet. “At first, I didn’t understand what she meant by balling me out. I just knew your and Tobias‘ identities. If I had known you were a Quinnell, I wouldn’t dare falsify even if I were given the guts. I can amend those resumes. Please give me a chance to change.” 
Wynter stood there and looked at him calmly. “You can discuss your issue with the relevant department. Ask those students who have spent years toiling away but had their resources stripped by you if they’re 
willing to give you a chance to change.” 
As soon as she said that, around seven students stood up from the audience section. 
These students had been sitting quietly in front for a long time while waiting for this moment. 
Their encounter with Wynter wasn’t entirely coincidental. 
It was the oldest of these students, Talon Marsh, who spotted Bill’s and Naomi’s names on the show’s 
official poster. 
He didn’t want others to end up like him. He worked under Bill for years and did all sorts of grunt work, yet his thesis was constantly rejected. 
In the end, he received no recognition whatsoever. 
#Spin to Claim Your Surprise 
###chapter825
Chapter 825 Naomi’s Sin 
Talon was from a small place. 
His parents, as well as the entire village, pinned their hopes on him becoming the top graduate of the county so that he would bring benefits to their village. 
It wasn’t an exaggeration. He had traveled a long way on the mountain road, and even the money for his college was pooled together by the villagers. 
But when he arrived under Bill’s tutelage, he discovered how cruel reality could be. It was incredibly difficult for a talented but economically disadvantaged student to rise up. 
Talon had initially thought to endure it. After all, Bill was his mentor, and he needed to obtain the graduation certificate. 
He thought he could tolerate a bit more work and endure a bit more suffering. Once he got his degree, he could guide his juniors to avoid the pitfalls he faced. 
He had even planned to integrate himself and leave the moment he got his certificate. 
However, Bill made sure his students had no peace.. 
After Bill became associated with the Quinnell family, he became worse. All the achievements his students made were credited to Naomi, making her the recipient of awards. 
As a result, their graduation was endlessly delayed. 
Talon lost hope and even contemplated suicide. 
It wasn’t an exaggeration. He had even written his will. 
At 28 years old, he was being held back by his mentor and unable to graduate. Meanwhile, his parents were growing older. He couldn’t even fulfill his duties as a son. 
What was the no 
the point of all the effort his parents put into sending him to school? 
What was the use of being the top graduate of the county? He was worse off than an ordinary university student. At least they didn’t have to hopelessly work themselves to death every day. 
Talon had thought about speaking up, but Bill’s connections were too strong. 
Everyone knew that once he raised this issue, he would end up on the university’s blacklist. Not only would he not graduate, but he might also be labeled as a disciplinary case and expelled. 
Who wouldn’t want to be a hero? But Talon couldn’t afford to take that risk. What would happen to his 
parents then? 
When the villagers raised money for him, he wanted to express his gratitude. But what could he do to repay them now? 
At his most despairing moment, it was his juniors who gave him strength. He couldn’t give up like this. He 
Chapter 825 Naomis Sin 
had to save himself. 
So, Talon and his juniors came to the TV station building. They wanted to find the person in charge to 
explain the situation and expose Bill’s true colors, so they wouldn’t invite him as a guest. 
But they were too naive. The person in charge wasn’t someone they could see just because they wanted 
to. 
With the Quinnell family protecting Bill, trying to expose him was like a dream. 
They had never hated the Quinnell Group, which everyone praised online, so much before. 
When the juniors saw Shane leading Naomi in, they wanted to rush over. But with security personnel around, they didn’t stand a chance. 
Talon’s juniors cried, and some hung their heads. The Quinnell Group seemed like a mountain sitting on 
top of them. 
“Forget about it, Talon. It’s useless. The Quinnell Group is riding high now. No one will believe what we say. 
“Yeah, Jennie commented online about the Quinnell Group’s superficiality, and now she’s facing relentless 
attacks.” 
“We can’t do anything.” 
It wo 
was at this moment that a soft voice rang out. “Which member of the Quinnell family do you want to confront? Tell me. Perhaps I can help you.” 
It was Wynter who was standing on the stage at that moment. 
But at that time, they didn’t believe her. After all, she was too young–even younger than them. 
It wasn’t until they saw Quinnell Group’s legal team that they were shocked. 
They also realized that it was all a misunderstanding. 
Quinnell Group wasn’t involved at all. The real villain was Bill, and Naomi and Shane were just abusing Quinnell Group’s power. 
###chapter826
Chapter 826 The Quinnell Family Doesn’t Need a Conniving Bitch 
At this moment, Bill, who was on the stage, felt his heart sink when he saw those students. He completely. collapsed and sat down on the ground. 
Wynter scanned him and then looked at the audience below. “I’ve fulfilled my promise to you. Also, don’t worry about your graduation certificate. With Mr. Martinez here, justice will be served for you.” 
At this point, Haddon had already figured out the whole situation. He nodded and said, “You’ll be under my tutelage.” 
None of those students had expected that the heiress from the Quinnell family not only didn’t blame them for misunderstanding the Quinnell family but even considered their future. 
Haddon was a true scholar whom they wouldn’t have even dared to think about approaching before. 
“Thank you! Thank you so much!” Talon was the first to bow, and the other students expressed their gratitude as well. 
Wynter hadn’t forgotten who had brought trouble upon the Quinnell family. 
Fabian and Gordon had always sponsored poor students. They surely wouldn’t deprive someone of the 
life they deserved. 
Quinnell Group would tend to show favoritism in allocating resources in this regard. 
Even during recruitment, they would consider employees from less privileged backgrounds. As long as they had real abilities, they were not limited by background. 
But what had Shane done? He not only cooperated with Foplyan businessmen but also suppressed these top scholars from poor backgrounds. 
Eventually, the resentment of others would be attributed to the Quinnell family. 
In mystic arts, resentment would have a profound effect on a family. There had been cases where prominent families had repeatedly suppressed people and ended up losing their status. 
This was not baseless. A person with exceptional talent in learning would have a prosperous destiny. The resentment of these people would be more significant than that of ordinary people. 
Wynter had to clarify this matter in public. 
While staring at the audience, she said clearly, “Mr. Quinnell, you’d better not leave in a hurry. If you go out, you’ll be arrested. Why don’t you stay and explain when the Quinnell family adopted another daughter? 
The audience looked at each other in confusion. 
Naomi’s face grew paler as she heard the murmurs below. 
“What does she mean? The Quinnell family doesn’t acknowledge this adopted daughter?” 
Chapter 826 The Quinnell Family Doesn’t Need a Conniving Bitch 
“No way. Didn’t the former CEO of Quinnell Group make it clear that she’s the adopted daughter?” 
“Check Twitter!” 
The official Twitter account of Quinnell Group posted a tweet. “During Mr. Shane Quinnell’s tenure, he had many issues and has long since left Quinnell Group.” 
It was almost like saying he had been fired, and the Quinnell family didn’t want him anymore. 
Everyone suddenly realized what was going on. 
“The Quinnell family’s adopted daughter my foot! They’re abandoning the man she calls ‘dad.” 
“Did she join the show to build a public image?” 
“She bet that Quinnell Group wouldn’t care about these trivial matters, and look how it turned out. She even pretended to be close with Mr. Martinez, only to be exposed by him.” 
There was also a bit of a saintly mentality at play here. 
“Even if the Quinnell family didn’t want to acknowledge Naomi, they shouldn’t have gone this far. After all, she lived with them under the same roof.” 
“This heiress of the Quinnell family is quite ruthless.” 
Someone laughed at this. 
“It’s as if you’re saying Naomi is just a homewrecker. Since they have loved the same man, the original wife should forgive her.” 
“How can you compare this to being a homewrecker?” 
“Then let me ask you this. From the moment Naomi came on stage until now, there have been many opportunities for her to mention Tobias‘ and Wynter’s identities and clear up the misunderstandings, but did she? No, she didn’t.” 
“Well… Maybe she had her reasons.” 
“Yeah, it’s all a misunderstanding. She didn’t steal anyone’s honor, collude with Bill against Tobias, or promise to bail him out. Seriously, have you been paying attention? Her scheming behavior makes me 
sick!” 
###chapter827
Chapter 827 Naomi Is Doomed 
People’s thoughts and perspectives were inherently diverse. Some “saints” could always find excuses. 
Moreover, many people nowadays blurred the lines between good and evil. 
Times had changed. Despite Naomi not being a blood relative of the Quinnell family and committing countless misdeeds, some still viewed her as pitiable. 
This kind of support used to fuel Naomi’s energy. With it, she could tap into more fortune. 
This time, she wanted to implement her old strategy to influence people’s thoughts. But it wouldn’t work. 
The venue was too big, and the surrounding fortune was beyond her control. 
Could it be because of those students whose prospects she had ruined? 
The moment Naomi realized where the problem lay, she glanced at those students. Their appearance here couldn’t be a coincidence. Did Wynter arrange this? 
Naomi bit her lip and turned to look at Wynter. When she did, a black mist seemed to rise in her eyes. 
This scene was imperceptible to ordinary people. Wynter, however, knew what Naomi was trying to do. 
Without moving, she raised a brow, and Wolf automatically moved in front of Naomi. 
Naomi’s chest heaved, but no matter how hard she tried, the fortune refused to come her way. 
Without artificial influence, the audience’s thoughts became clearer. 
“Don’t try to whitewash Naomi! Shouldn’t she apologize for academic fraud and stealing others” 
achievements?” 
“That’s not all! She went after Tobias! She knew he was the youngest son of the Quinnell family. As a sponsee dependent on the Quinnell family’s money, she actually let others suppress Tobias! I just don’t 
understand!” 
“She isn’t just going after Tobias. She’s also targeting the true heiress of the Quinnell family.” 
“I just read the tweets from Quinnell Group’s official Twitter account about the family reunion banquet. 
Naomi is really shameless!” 
“Students of her department are all reporting her online.” 
“I bet she’s good at sophistry. She’ll probably play innocent again in a moment.” 
“Will that be of any use? She leeches off the Quinnell family, uses their resources, and wants to take over. What does she have that’s her own? She even steals academic papers!” 
“And she’s such a player. She collected quite a bit of money from men. Unbelievable.” 
“What’s most despicable is that she bullies her classmates! A person like her doesn’t deserve to stand on stage!” 
Naomi is Doomed 
“The relevant departments need to investigate thoroughly how she got out last time and why she’s still called a rising star in cultural relic restoration!” 
A small event triggered a huge reaction. 
All the suppressed injustices were finally exposed. 
Naomi stumbled two steps back. She was hit with undeniable evidence and couldn’t utter a single word. She could only tremble. 
The people in the audience angrily shouted at her, “Shameless bitch! You better apologize!” 
This was almost a devastating blow to her spiritual practice. 
For the first time in 18 years, Naomi experienced what it meant to be completely discredited. 
Shane could barely protect himself, let alone her. 
A crowd surrounded Naomi. They demanded an apology. Shane was also the target of mockery and ridicule from those around him. 
He felt utterly humiliated and just wanted to leave this place as quickly as possible. 
But how could the audience let him go? They wouldn’t let him off easily now. 
Why would a father help a sponsee go against his own daughter and son? It made no sense. 
They demanded he admit his mistake and cut off all ties with the Quinnell family in the future. He shouldn’t dare use the Quinnell family’s reputation to show off outside again. 
This time, Shane was truly doomed. 
###chapter828
Chapter 828 Naomi Is No Saintess 
With Quinnell Group’s legal team present, it was clear to everyone that Shane had been ousted from the 
Quinnell family. As for Naomi, the “consee,” she could forget about any future association with the 
Quinnell family. 
Previously, they could operate under the Quinnell family’s name because many ordinary people were unaware of the internal happenings within the family. 
After all, the Quinnell family couldn’t individually inform everyone that their former head had somehow foolishly adopted a “sponsee, causing discord throughout the family. 
Now, through this show, everyone knew Shane was undoubtedly a failure who oppressed his own daughter. 
The so–called adopted daughter, Naomi, had done even worse things. 
The voices of condemnation spread from online to offline. 
While covering her face, Naomi tried to edge toward the exit, but the crowd was too dense for her to get through. 
Shane knew that without an apology, they wouldn’t be able to leave today. Clenching his fists, he looked at Wynter with resentment. “Wynter, I know you’re angry with me, but you don’t need to drive me to a dead end. I am your father!” 
When Shane said this, he didn’t realize that his gaze toward Wynter wasn’t that of a father but rather of someone looking at an enemy. The resentment nearly overflowed from his 
eyes. 
Everyone around sensed that something was off. 
Wynter, who was standing on the stage, spoke coldly. “Father? They say even wild beasts look after their young. Mr. Quinnell, when you had people go after Tobias and me, did you remember you were our father? 
Shane stubbornly responded, “I did that because you kicked me out of the company. What else could I do? 
“You were fired because you provided benefits to Foplyan businessmen,” Wynter retorted as she looked at the audience. 
“And right now, those behind you are probably Foplyan businessmen. Through this show, I assure all supporters of the Quinnell Group that we will always produce national goods, and our core technologies will never be transferred to anyone. 
“Regardless of who it is, anyone in the company engaged in interest transfers that undermine the Quinnell Group will be dismissed with/zero tolerance. We welcome everyone to bear witness to this.” 
Wynter’s words extinguished any hope Shane had left. 
Her words hinted at more than just his desire to remove his own daughter. They also suggested his 
Chapter 828 Naomi is No Saintess 
Intention to hollow out Quinnell Group and use it as a stepping stone for the Foplyans. 
Consumers weren’t fools. For them, their nation always came first. 
22 
Just days ago, the existence of the tablets in the chapel was exposed, and now Shane was pulling this. 
stunt. 
The vigilant netizens directly tagged the police. “I suggest the relevant authorities investigate Shane Quinnell. Quinnell Group sure had a reason to abandon him. He might have other issues.” 
Seeing this, the shareholders who had secretly supported Shane quickly cut ties with him. 
They were genuinely worried that the investigation would implicate them. 
The incident with the children had already restricted their actions. They would need to visit the villa to 
ask about their next steps. 
Their unity stemmed from a close connection, and they certainly preferred Shane to take the helm at the Quinnell Group because he was easier to control. 
Moreover, Shane was a Quinnell. Despite Fabian’s reluctance, inheritance laws would still apply. But now, they couldn’t even play their last move! 
Shane and Naomi couldn’t escape. 
But the medium had clearly stated that Naomi had great fortune and was their saintess. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter829
Chapter 829 Naomi Has Undergone Plastic Surgery 
“No! I can’t just sit here and watch!” The person in the villa extinguished his cigar and left with his car keys. 
At the same time, Naomi couldn’t maintain her composure any longer. Her expression even twisted 
slightly. 
People began to notice that something seemed off about her face. 
They hadn’t paid much attention before, but now, with her hair disheveled and no pretense of meekness, 
her features seemed somewhat distorted from their perspective. 
It was as if her face hadn’t naturally grown this way but had been altered later on. Otherwise, her forehead wouldn’t have such a bulge. 
Had she undergone plastic surgery? That was everyone’s initial reaction. After all, plastic surgery was common nowadays. 
But why hadn’t it been apparent before? People felt strange. 
Just when they were puzzled, someone said, “She probably had surgery when she was young.” 
“
Seriously? She had surgery when she was a kid?” 
What could be the purpose of undergoing surgery at such a young age? 
The audience couldn’t fathom it, but Tobias was well aware. He strode over with unprecedented anger 
etched on his handsome face. 
“You did this on purpose. You deliberately made yourself look like Wynter did when she was a child.” Tobias had never forgotten how Marie had changed when Shane brought this sponsee home. 
From the previous incidents, he had already suspected foul play. But he hadn’t expected Naomi to have undergone plastic surgery as well. 
If she had undergone surgery at such a young age, it meant she had been involved in Wynter’s abduction. 
Tobias‘ eyes darkened. “Who brought you into the Quinnell family? Who was behind Wynter’s abduction?” 
“Toby, what are you talking about? Wynter was abducted because you didn’t watch over her properly. What does this have to do with- Shane tried to defend himself. 
Tobias turned sharply. “Shut up! You’re not fit to be our father. Are you blind or deaf? Can’t you hear everyone saying that she has undergone plastic surgery since she was a child? Don’t forget why the Quinnell family sponsored her in, the first place!” 
His eyes turned red. Standing there, he exuded a formidable air. “The Quinnell family’s annual sponsorship slots are pre–selected. To ensure that children in remote areas can afford education, Grandpa will personally review them. 
“Back then, it was only when you mentioned the news about Wynter that Grandpa agreed to go. However, there were issues during the DNA test. You were hoping Naomi could replace Wynter, weren’t you? 
“It’s because of her face that Grandpa didn’t give her a hard time. The Quinnell family gave her everything from food to expenses. In the end, Naomi just wants to replace my sister, and you’re protecting this culprit, Shane!” 
Tobias stared at Naomi. “You better explain everything today, including who’s behind all this.” 
“Hahaha!” Naomi suddenly burst into laughter as she stared at Tobias. Her voice changed slightly as she 
spoke. “It’s really pathetic. You’ve never had a presence at home. Your brothers are all so outstanding that your dad couldn’t appreciate you. 
“Look at what you’re doing for a living–singing and dancing. Compared to the others, you’re just dragging the Quinnell family down. Why are you taking out your frustrations on me now? 
“Wasn’t it you who failed to watch over Wynter back then? Have you forgotten that it was you who 
insisted on having ice cream? If it weren’t for you, the Quinnell family…” 
As Naomi spoke, Tobias found himself once again trapped in that endless nightmare. 
C 
###chapter830
Chapter 830 The Scandal Was Trending 
Tobias was pushing Wynter’s stroller. Everything seemed fine. 
But in the split second he reached out to pay, Wynter vanished from the stroller. No matter how loudly he called, there was no response. 
In the bustling Spring Hill, he had no idea who had taken Wynter. 
When he finally spotted someone suspicious, he ran as fast as he could, but his short legs couldn’t keep up. He fell by the roadside as a van disappeared into the traffic. 
Ever since then, he had been trying to make amends by easing Marie’s heartache. If he could, he would have traded places with Wynter. 
Yet, no matter what he did, he couldn’t measure up to his brothers. All he could do was sing and dance. He… 
“I was kidnapped because of you,” Wynter said as she pulled Tobias behind her. “You planned everything. No matter who watched me that day, I would’ve been abducted. Your plastic surgery to look like me as a child proves someone would eventually bring you into the Quinnell family.” 
Wynter continued, “When I was born, Fiona, who cared for you, wanted to replace me. But the plan wasn’t fully formed back then. There were too many uncertainties, and with only one maid as an inside man in the Quinnell family, it wasn’t easy to keep things under wraps. 
“You needed a more solid backer, so Mr. Quinnell became your best option.” Wynter’s tone was so calm, 
as though she were telling a story about someone else. 
“I don’t even need to look at the fortune reading he received. It probably stated that I was destined to bring him misfortune, while you were destined to bring him wealth and prosperity.” 
As Wynter mentioned the fortune reading. Shane’s eyes widened in shock. 
How could she know about that? He had destroyed that reading as soon as he read it. There was no way 
she could have found out. 
Wynter’s gaze locked on Shane. “Our father is driven by greed. To him, marriage is more about profit than love, Children are dispensable if they stand in his way. If a child doesn’t follow the path he’s set, they’re worthless in his eyes. But my brother’s worth isn’t for him to decide, nor for you to compare.” 
She continued coldly. “Who do you think you are? The Quinnell family has supported you all these years. Grandpa gave you a way out, and yet you still try to bite the hand that feeds you. Shane is superstitious. He worships your so–called master’s words like a prophecy.” 
At this moment, Wynter suddenly raised her gaze and looked toward the camera, as if trying to see the mastermind through it. “Today, I’m going to break this so–called prophecy in front of everyone.” 
Wynter said slowly, “Naomi is destined for wealth, right? Let’s see how that turns out. Officer Stout, you 
Chapter 830 The Scandal Was Trending 
Tobias was pushing Wynter’s stroller. Everything seemed fine. 
But in the split second he reached out to pay, Wynter vanished from the stroller. No matter how loudly he called, there was no response. 
In the bustling Spring Hill, he had no idea who had taken Wynter. 
When he finally spotted someone suspicious, he ran as fast as he could, but his short legs couldn’t keep up. He fell by the roadside as a van disappeared into the traffic. 
Ever since then, he had been trying to make amends by easing Marie’s heartache. If he could, he would have traded places with Wynter. 
Yet, no matter what he did, he couldn’t measure up to his brothers. All he could do was sing and dance. He… 
“I was kidnapped because of you,” Wynter said as she pulled Tobias behind her. “You planned everything. No matter who watched me that day, I would’ve been abducted. Your plastic surgery to look like me as a child proves someone would eventually bring you into the Quinnell family.” 
Wynter continued, “When I was born, Fiona, who cared for you, wanted to replace me. But the plan wasn’t fully formed back then. There were too many uncertainties, and with only one maid as an inside man in the Quinnell family, it wasn’t easy to keep things under wraps. 
“You needed a more solid backer, so Mr. Quinnell became your best option.” Wynter’s tone was so calm, 
as though she were telling a story about someone else. 
“I don’t even need to look at the fortune reading he received. It probably stated that I was destined to bring him misfortune, while you were destined to bring him wealth and prosperity.” 
As Wynter mentioned the fortune reading. Shane’s eyes widened in shock. 
How could she know about that? He had destroyed that reading as soon as he read it. There was no way 
she could have found out. 
Wynter’s gaze locked on Shane. “Our father is driven by greed. To him, marriage is more about profit than love, Children are dispensable if they stand in his way. If a child doesn’t follow the path he’s set, they’re worthless in his eyes. But my brother’s worth isn’t for him to decide, nor for you to compare.” 
She continued coldly. “Who do you think you are? The Quinnell family has supported you all these years. Grandpa gave you a way out, and yet you still try to bite the hand that feeds you. Shane is superstitious. He worships your so–called master’s words like a prophecy.” 
At this moment, Wynter suddenly raised her gaze and looked toward the camera, as if trying to see the mastermind through it. “Today, I’m going to break this so–called prophecy in front of everyone.” 
Wynter said slowly, “Naomi is destined for wealth, right? Let’s see how that turns out. Officer Stout, you 
can come up now.” 
Chapter 820 The Scandal Was Trending 
It turned out that undercover officers had been on standby all along. 
“I hereby accuse Naomi of involvement in human trafficking as the plaintiff. Also, I suspect she isn’t a Cascadian and is actually a corporate spy.” 
No one dared to speak up against such serious allegations. 
Everything Wynter had pointed out made sense. 
Naomi had undergone surgery at a young age to look like Wynter. This was clearly a long–planned 
conspiracy. 
And according to Wynter, even Shane was involved. 
The Quinnell family was an aristocratic family. They rarely had scandals like this. All platforms of social media immediately exploded with the news. 
Now, everyone knew Shane was overly superstitious and had plotted against his own daughter. 
###chapter831
Chapter 831 The Master Could Resolve This 
The most likely scenario was that Naomi was born to human traffickers and that she was deliberately sent to ruin the Quinnell family. 
Since Wynter suspected that Naomi was not a Cascadian, where could she be from? 
People’s instincts immediately pointed to Foplya, especially since Shane had been doing business with a Foplyan businessman. 
Naomi, along with Shane, was now the target of public outrage. They were trending on social media for all the wrong reasons. 
No one had ever seen anyone as malicious as Naomi. And after her comments about Tobias, his fans were absolutely furious. 
“This is the most outrageous thing I’ve ever heard! Fuck Naomi! She doesn’t deserve to be a Quinnell, The way she spoke just now was so eerie.” 
“Something’s definitely off about her. She sounded like she was gaslighting Tobias. Did he grow up hearing such things?” 
“Where does she get off? She’s just a sponsee. What did she mean by saying he can only sing and dance? Tobias is an international idol! He has been promoting cultural exchange for years!” 
“Naomi isn’t normal. Is she into some witchcraft?” 
The scandal was blowing up with one trending topic after another. 
Somewhere, someone was losing their cool. 
“Grandpa, what do we do now?” In a villa, a young man was anxiously pacing back and forth. 
Meanwhile, the old man, who was usually composed, was now visibly unsettled. “Contact all the shareholders and tell them to keep a low profile. Tighten the reins.” 
Declan squinted his eyes as he looked at the young lady on the TV. “Act quickly. Don’t get hung up on small gains. 
“Okay, I’ll go right away.” The young man took a few steps, then turned back. “But with Naomi being exposed like this, her background/might come to light. They might start doubting the master’s reading of her destined wealth.” 
Declan gripped his dragon cane. Still dressed in his old–fashioned attire, he looked like a benevolent elder. “For years 
they’ve profited greatly from the fortune readings. They won’t easily abandon their 
beliefs. Now go.” 
He was well aware that their network of interests would likely start to crack under Wynter’s revelations today. But there was no turning back now. 
Chapter 831 The Master Could Resolve This 
Declan’s biggest regret was not eliminating Wynter the moment she returned. 
He had thought she was just a small–town girl who couldn’t possibly stir up much trouble. He believed there was no way she could know their secret connections. 
But now, his perspective had changed. 
Wynter had clearly been playing dumb. She had been waiting for a show like this one with a nationwide audience to expose everything she knew. 
She had planned this. 
Declan’s grip tightened. At the family reunion banquet, she had seemed slightly aggressive but not threatening. Thanks to Dalton, she had smoothly acquired the company’s inheritance rights. 
Today, on stage, her actions seemed too deliberate to be spur–of–the–moment. It was as if she was announcing to everyone that she was done hiding and would now go on the offensive. 
This made Declan inexplicably uneasy. In his years of planning, he had never felt so uncertain. 
He had spent years meticulously planning to take over Quinnell Group. He placed spies close to Fabian and even collaborated with Foplyan businessmen. 
All of it was driven by his desire to control Quinnell Group. 
Though not biologically a Quinnell, he had dedicated himself to the family for years. Why should he remain just a high–ranking employee? 
Declan told himself not to panic. He still had a chance. The master could resolve this. 
###chapter832
Chapter 832 A Slap in the Face 
Everyone was relying on that medium. 
Naomi was indeed in trouble, but until the medium showed up, they wouldn’t easily let go of the benefits within their reach. 
They could get a piece of Quinnell Group soon. It was impossible for them to just walk away now. 
But they needed to be wary of this young lady brought back from the countryside by the Quinnell family. 
If necessary, they could resort to some means to get rid of her. 
As long as their master set up a formation, she would vanish without a trace, just like that damned journalist before. 
Inside the TV station building, Naomi was forcibly taken away. This time, no matter what spells she cast, there was no response. 
Her clothes were disheveled, and panic filled her eyes. 
How could this be? The master had said that as long as she followed his instructions, she could absorb the fortune of those around her. 
She could even harness the Quinnell family’s business fortune, so why wasn’t it working this time? 
Naomi couldn’t believe it. She looked at the camera again from the car, but it was no use. All the power the wooden doll had given her had failed. 
Wynter had been waiting for so long, not making a move, just to unravel the formations targeting the Quinnell family. 
The layout of the Quinnell residence was strange because someone was trying to block the auspicious energy coming from the east. 
The Earthbound Formation set up in the hotel was aimed at nurturing evil spirits using the Quinnell family’s business fortune. 
They were worshiping Foplyan troopers in the Swinford chapel to target the foundation of the Quinnell 
family’s prosperity. 
As long as the heroic spirit remained wandering and humiliated, the Quinnell family would never find 
peace for generations to come. 
The opponent was not simple, so Wynter had to be cautious because she wasn’t alone now. 
The things in her dreams seemed to be telling her about her past experiences. 
The entire Quinnell family, from Tobias and Elliot to Sebastian, all met tragic ends one after another. Fabian died of depression, and even she died inexplicably in her dreams. 
Wynter couldn’t afford to gamble. If she exposed her identity prematurely, who knew what her opponent 
Chapter 832 & Slap in the Face 
might do? The slightest mistake and the nightmare from her dreams would come true. 
Plus, the missing voice that should have been present at the banquet never showed up. 
There were still people in Kingbourne who wanted to eliminate the Quinnell family. 
Now, with the tablet removed from the chapel, regardless of who they were, they would soon reveal their 
true colors without the support of their beliefs. 
Naomi had no idea that her power had failed because of Wynter. Until now, she couldn’t even imagine 
that Wynter would know mystic arts. 
The advantage of Wynter’s deep concealment was to keep her opponent guessing. They would think she was ordinary and rush to deal with her. 
Facing a direct confrontation was easier for her to handle than dealing with them attacking her brothers. 
Naomi, who was at her wit’s end, turned to Shane and shouted, “Dad, save me, please!” 
But Shane didn’t even glance at her. Right now, he just wanted to leave this humiliating place. 
Naomi widened her eyes in disbelief. She thought that, at the very least, Shane would hire her a lawyer or stand in front of her to shield her. After all, she had been dutiful and respectful to him for over a decade. 
However, Shane looked at her like he was looking at a piece of garbage. 
How could he do that? She was the saintess chosen by the medium! How had she fallen to this point? 
As Naomi was being taken away in the police car, she began to curse. “Wynter, you think you can deal 
suffers!” with me like this? I will come back, and when I do, I’ll make sure every one of you 
Such malice was unimaginable coming from the mouth of such a seemingly meek lady. It just showed how fake she was. 
Those who had previously defended Naomi online now wished they could slap themselves. 
###chapter833
Chapter 833 Tobias‘ Change 
Beside Naomi, Bill shouted out of regret. He clung to the police car and was unwilling to leave. He said he could provide more clues. 
Shane was the only one protected by a lawyer and allowed to stay, but in the current situation, he might as well not have stayed. 
Everyone was watching him with disdain. 
His designer suit had been wrinkled from the tugging moments ago, and his shoes had been stepped on several times. But even so, the onlookers had no intention of letting him go.. 
“A father like this is worse than an animal.” 
“How could he blame the poor lady? What he did was no different from handing her over to the traffickers 
with his own hands.” 
“Apologize!” 
“Apologize!” 
Shane was overwhelmed by the shouts for his apology. He could only grit his teeth and say to Wynter, “I’m sorry. I’ve been negligent as a father. I hope you can forgive me.” 
“Oh, I won’t,” Wynter replied nonchalantly. “What about you, Tobias?” 
Tobias‘ eyes were cold. “Same.” 
Shane didn’t seem like a father but more like a heartless scoundrel driven by self–interest. 
Every time Tobias thought about Wynter’s abduction and Marie’s illness being related to Shane, he wished 
he wasn’t his son. 
But no one could choose their parents or the family they were born into. Accepting the fact that their parents were selfish was another kind of liberation. 
Tobias‘ fortune had changed completely. 
Shane had only been able to verbally abuse him time and time again when he was young and vulnerable because he was his father. 
Shane had always said that Tobias was inferior to others. He had said Tobias was born just to make up the numbers, and that he was not good at anything except singing and dancing. 
If someone else said that, Tobias could completely ignore it, but Shane was his father. 
Tobias always doubted whether he was really as useless as Shane said. Was it because of that that he couldn’t protect his mother and sister? 
Now he was clear–headed. Why should he care about the words of a scumbag? 
Wynter had always been able to sense the ominous fortune surrounding Tobias. That was why she was 
Chapter 833 Tobias Change 
always most worried about him. 
2/2 
Such ominous fortune often came from the heart, and it was hard to dispel without finding the source. 
But Tobias always looked happy and cool on the surface. He looked like he would protect Wynter, even if 
the sky fell. 
In fact, in Wynter’s dreams, though he had been bullied so much, he still told himself that he had to persevere so that he could protect Wynter when she came back one day. 
But their opponent never let him live until she returned. 
Not only did they oppress Tobias at home, but they also took away his resources and mocked him for having no background. 
At that time, Tobias had too many haters. He had so many haters that his every action would be magnified, and his words would be maliciously interpreted. 
Shane saw all of this but never thought to help him just because Tobias‘ dreams couldn’t meet his so- called standards. 
Tobias didn’t even get to give Wynter the money he had saved up and the house he had built for her. 
In her dreams, she didn’t even know that there was a brother at home who loved her so much. 
She wasn’t unwelcome. Rather, those who welcomed her had been silenced beforehand. 
Wynter thought it was fortunate that she knew everything in this life and had time to save the young man, who should have been thriving on stage. 
Tobias shouldn’t be shrouded in ominous fortune. He should stand in the spotlight and be admired by thousands. He should be loved by millions, just like now. 
###chapter834
Chapter 834 The Quinnell Family’s Fortune Rises Even Higher 
Wynter smiled as she gazed at Tobias, who was surrounded by reporters at the center. The mole under her eyes was captivating. 
Her radiant smile revealed her gleaming white teeth and joy–filled eyes. 
Even the cameramen couldn’t help but zoom in on this. 
The fangirls online were screaming. “Wynter slays!” 
Meanwhile, in the TV station director’s lounge, Dalton raised an eyebrow as he observed the scene. 
It was the first time Wynter had smiled like that. She was genuinely happy. However, she had never smiled like that at him before. 
Dalton paused and held a cup in mid–air. 
Ollie continued to introduce other shows to Dalton, wondering if he was interested in investing or product placement. 
Unexpectedly, the atmosphere suddenly turned cold. 
He exchanged a glance with Elijah. They were both somewhat puzzled. 
Wasn’t Wynter doing well in venting her anger? And her name was dominating online comments. Why did Dalton seem somewhat unhappy? 
Ollie and Elijah dared not question Dalton. After all, they had heard that Dalton had once broken off his engagement with Wynter. 
Life would always be so unpredictable. 
With the airing of this episode, Wynter’s fanbase had grown tremendously. It even surpassed that of the female lead of the recent hit drama because she not only attracted male fans but also female fans. 
As soon as her image appeared, the ladies in the comment were all shouting “babe.” 
Those in the industry knew very well the psychology of the audience. In the words of the young people,” babe” was a vibe. 
As for Shane, after he apologized, no one paid any attention to him anymore. They just wanted him to leave quickly and not sully the place any further. 
Shane had never had such a miserable day before. 
How did Wynter know Haddon? She must have done this on purpose. Why couldn’t she talk to him first? He was her father. 
Since she came back, she had been hiding herself so well. Was it just to embarrass him like this? 
Shane was about to clench his fists when the lawyer beside him quickly reminded him, “Mr. Quinnell, hold it in. Don’t show hostility. Otherwise, even I won’t be able to protect you.” 
Chapter 834 The Quinne! Family’s Fortune Rises Even Higher 
Upon hearing this, Shane reluctantly suppressed his grievances. After all, it was terrifying when the 
surrounding audience blocked him just now. He never wanted to experience that again. 
A cultural relic show’s viewership unexpectedly far exceeded that of a popular variety show. 
When they were planning this program, Ollie was a 
watch it. 
bit worried about how to attract young people to 
Now they didn’t need to worry at all. Inviting Tobias was simply the best decision he had ever made in his 
life. 
Initially, some people opposed it. They had said that such an ambitious program shouldn’t invite popular stars. Even if they had to, they shouldn’t invite an “illiterate” person like Tobias. It would be a big mistake 
for the program. 
But who could have expected that Tobias was the youngest son of the Quinnell family? 
Everyone knew that each member of the Quinnell family was a top student, and there were no illiterates among them. 
No wonder Tobias had never said where he graduated from. He was being evasive about it out of consideration for their feelings. 
“Hahaha! Now Tobias‘ fandom is winning big time!” 
“After dealing with his haters for so many years, I’ve thought of many possibilities we could win. Like maybe if his acting skills get better, people will start noticing his charm and change their minds about him. 
“But I never thought he was a son of the Quinnell family! That richest family! He could inherit his tens of billions of assets at home, but he chose to go through so much.” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward 
###chapter835
Chapter 835 Purple Aura Is Back 
“He did look hot eating boxed meals, but he didn’t seem like a son from a rich family!” 
“Back then, he performed every day just to make his debut.” 
“I’m standing right here today. Let’s see who dares to say Tobias slept his way to the top!” 
Who dared to slander Tobias now? 
Posts about him sleeping his way to the top were immediately debunked. Netizens found the user who first spread the rumors, 
As expected, it was all done by Tobias‘ rival company. 
The company was utterly stunned, especially that “actress who was being a sugar baby. 
She even persuaded her sponsor to kick Tobias off the production team. But now, she was being thrown out of his villa. 
“Why must you pick a fight with the Quinnell family? My wife was right. I shouldn’t have kept trash like you by my side. I’ll regret it sooner or later!” 
The actress was still crying. She tried to cling to the man and persuade him like before, but he pushed her away. “Get lost! Don’t claim you know me!” 
It was the Quinnell family that she had 
offended. Everyone knew what Sebastian did for a living. Most importantly, he had never lost a case. 
The sponsor could have lived a life of luxury and boasted about Tobias starring in the movie he invested. in. But that dream was now shattered. If the Quinnell family didn’t come after him, it would be out of 
mercy. 
Wynter displayed her cunning moves time and time again. Who would dare to think she was easy to deal 
with? 
He needed to find a way to personally apologize to the Quinnell family. To do so, he needed someone to 
be the middleman. 
Smart people knew that after this, no celebrity’s popularity would ever surpass Tobias‘. 
People thought that he had a dark background. But in reality, the Quinnell family was a national business family. They were practically royalty. 
identally–or perhaps not–Rowan, who hadn’t posted in a while, tagged Tobias and wrote, “Tobias is 
stubborn and doesn’t want to rely on me. 
“Since our relationship is out in the open now, I’ll officially announce that we’ll start filming together next month. Tobias‘ fans, you can rest assured. As his brother, I’ll personally help him improve his acting skills.” 
At once, the internet buzzed even louder. 
Chipley 35 Purple Aura la Buck 
The business fortune that the Quinnell family had lost in the past also began to gather. 
Above the memorial hall at the Quinnell residence, a long–lost purple aura appeared. 
Others didn’t know why, but Dalton, who had always been with Wynter, understood very well. He lowered his eyes and played with the scarlet rosary bracelet on his wrist. A smile crept 
across his face. 
Some asked about the significance of this program, and the internet provided a good answer. 
“It exposed academic fraud. After the show ended, the university started an investigation. Even if it was just one case, it saved many students who wanted to give up.” 
More important than hope itself was giving hope to others. 
It allowed over 30 students under Bill to successfully obtain their degrees. The honor that rightfully belonged to them was returned to them as well. 
In the past, they wouldn’t even dare dream about it because even if the report was true, the school would still consider various factors and delay their graduation. 
Now, everyone was happy with the results. 
How could they not be happy? It was the destination they had reached after so many years of studying 
and such a long journey. 
Talon, who was nearing 30, cried the hardest. He had finally lived up to his parents‘ and his village’s hopes. All his past grievances were now resolved. 
As she observed the dissipated resentment, Wynter said, “After your graduation, you can apply for a job at Quinnell Group if you want to.” 
“Sure!” 
This scene was touching. 
Margaret, who was in front of the TV, was so proud of Wynter that her eyes were red–rimmed. 
However, beside her, Yvette only felt that the orange in her hand was unusually sour. It was sour enough to make her feel annoyed. 
###chapter836
Chapter 836 This Life Is Different 
Margaret didn’t notice anything off about Yvette. “You should sincerely apologize to Wynter when you see her next time. What you and the Shepherds did was wrong.” 
Yvette bit her lip while looking innocent. “Grandma, you know I had no control over the engagement. When I was in Southdale, I just did what Mom told me to do.” 
Margaret frowned, lost in thought. 
Yvette continued, “I told Mom it wasn’t right, but she said I didn’t know any better. She said that Charlie favoring me was a blessing, and I shouldn’t ruin the relationship between the Yates and the Shepherds. 
“The Yates depend on the Shepherds for many business deals. I was away from home for so long, and life in that village was hard. You know what my adoptive parents were like. They were famous for being traffickers. 
“If I resisted even a little, I’d get beaten, so I didn’t dare oppose Mom when I was home. I did everything she told me to do. But don’t worry. I’ll sincerely apologize to Wynter and try my best to clear up the misunderstandings between us.” 
With a face full of sincerity, Yvette added, “Grandma, you’re not in good health, and you’re always busy with the clinic. I won’t cause you any trouble. I’ll do whatever you say, so please don’t worry.” 
Margaret hesitated. After all, Yvette was her biological granddaughter and had suffered greatly. 
Margaret had seen the terrible lives of trafficked children. It would leave them with trauma that affected. their behavior. 
She also knew that Yvette’s mother was capable of doing anything for profit. 
Looking at Yvette’s face, Margaret thought that perhaps Yvette had strayed from the right path due to a lack of security. She wanted to help her find her way back. 
“You don’t have to be so tense. Wynter is a reasonable child. She’ll listen to you.” Margaret reached out to stroke Yvette’s hair.. 
For the first time, Margaret showed Yvette some affection. 
Yvette’s downcast eyes flashed with a hint of malice. 
Reasonable? Wynter was vindictive and never gave her any leeway. 
Why was Wynter born into wealth while she had to survive in a village, always looking over her shoulder? 
Margaret was easily fooled. She believed Yvette had been beaten. In fact, the useless couple in the village just hoped she would repay them someday but never actually hit her. 
She was nothing like the foolish children locked in the basement. 
As Yvette thought about it, she remembered that Wynter was the illegitimate child who had been locked 
away. Yet the person who had found Wynter didn’t appear in her memories. 
Chapter 836 Tive Life is Different 
In this second chance at life, Yvette only knew what she had experienced. 
Interestingly, in her memories, the Quinnell family never publicly announced Wynter’s return. 
There was no media coverage, so she had no idea. 
Yvette distinctly remembered that during the same show in her previous life, Naomi had shone brightly. She identified many artifacts and captivated many scions in Kingbourne. One had even given her a limited -edition sports car in front of the TV station building, which had caused quite a scene. 
At that time, Yvette attended a banquet in Southdale. 
Naomi was the epitome of the high–society lady they all aspired to be. 
Back then, ail of Yvette’s friends said the same thing: So what if Naomi was an adopted daughter? She was far superior to the biological daughter in every way. 
So why did Naomi end up like this? Where did things go wrong? 
###chapter837
Chapter 837 Fleeting Revival of the Quinnell Family 
Yvette wondered why Naomi’s fate diverged from her memories of their previous life. 
Realizing something was amiss, she became lost in her thoughts. Even when Margaret spoke to her, she was distracted and responded vaguely. 
Margaret thought she was tired, so she didn’t ask Yvette to stay and help. After dinner, she suggested Yvette go home early 
to rest. 
Yvette had her own plan. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have managed to get where she was now. 
After leaving the mansion, she hurried home. There was something she needed to verify. 
However, upon arriving home, she found the place littered with empty beer bottles. 
Ewan couldn’t get any benefits from Shane or the Youngs. After socializing for half the day, he still failed to secure a construction project. 
As he was dejected, he was drinking heavily. He even invited some construction friends over. He was contemplating whether he should start taking on renovation work, as it was at least a trade. 
Yvette was now extremely irritated with him. Yet, with him around, she could have a chance to inherit Margaret’s clinic. Considering she still had some use for him, she suppressed her anger and called out, Dad! Dad!” 
After she called twice, Ewan finally turned around and chuckled happily. “My precious Yve is back. You all know her, right? She treats big shots.” 
Ewan’s mention of this only added to Yvette’s frustration. 
Ever since her last encounter with Wynter, the professors no longer believed in her, and now the Lopezes had easily taken her place without much effort. 
But that didn’t do her much harm. She relied on her deductive abilities and connected with the Fentons and the Winstons. She even had some overseas contacts looking for her. 
Therefore, Yvette couldn’t stand Ewan’s current failures. She felt that he was embarrassing her. 
“Yes, yes, we know.” Ewan’s friends were all half–drunk. 
Displeased, Yvette pulled Ewan outside. “I’m putting on a humble act every day at Grandma’s. Why are you still mingling with these lower–class people? Haven’t I told you whom you should be currying favor with?” 
Being dragged like this sobered Ewan up quite a bit. “Yve, things are different now. These people have their own connections. Working with them might help me grow from small beginnings. As for your grandma’s side, let’s just forget about it.” 
“What do you mean forget it?” Yvette suppressed her anger and continued in a lowered voice, “Do you know how much the last person who came to see me offered to buy her clinic? 30 million dollars. That doesn’t even include all her herbs.” 
Chapte 837 Fleeting Revival of the Connell Family 
Ewan’s eyes showed clear interest at the mention of 30 million dollars. 
Yvette glanced at him exasperatedly. “Dad, Grandma’s assets rightfully belong to you. If you don’t claim them, they’ll fall into the hands of an outsider. Think about it yourself. I have other matters to attend to.. And don’t bring these lower–class people here again.” 
With that, Yvette went back to her room. 
She opened a drawer to reveal an old–fashioned cell phone inside. 
After cross–referencing the timeline, she opened a web page and reviewed a series of major events. The Fentons and the Winstons did start working together. 
It reassured her. 
“I’m overthinking. No matter how capable Wynter is, she can’t change the overall situation. It must just be the Quinnell family experiencing some change. But this is merely a flash in the pan for them,” Yvette muttered to herself as she put down the phone. 
In her memory, the Quinnell family had once been so prominent that everyone talked about them regaining their former glory, much like now. 
In reality, it was just a fleeting revival before the inevitable decline. 
###chapter838
Chapter 838 Wynter’s Inspiring Speech 
At the same time, outside the TV station building, even though the show had wrapped up, there were still plenty of people hanging around. Some were from the media. They all gathered around Wynter. 
Someone shouted from the crowd, “Ms. Quinnell, can I also interview at Quinnell Group? I studied 
engineering!” 
“Ms. Quinnell, is Quinnell Group going to adjust its positioning? Quinnell Group has never been involved in the entertainment industry. Will paving a new path for Mr. Tobias affect some of Quinnell Group’s business strategies?” 
“Ms. Quinnell, don’t listen to her. Look here! I want my post to trend!” 
They were filled with anticipation and unease. They hoped Wynter would glance their way, yet they feared she might hold a grudge. 
With her identity already out in the open on the show, there was no need for pretenses. 
On her exquisitely beautiful face, there was a sense of cynicism that was hard to shake off. After all, she did look like a spoiled heiress. Yet, when she looked at people, there was a gentle smile on her lips. 
“Alright, I see you. I hope it’ll be trending. 
The reporter whom she spoke to was overjoyed. What incredible luck! 
“As the new executive CEO of Quinnell Group, I’ll address your questions. Quinnell Group has a diverse range of industries and subsidiaries. The entertainment sector’s impact on Quinnell Group will be 
minimal. It’s merely a small division 
“Moreover, what Tobias wants to do aligns with Quinnell Group’s long–standing goals. We’re committed to 
fostering cultural exchange and technological advancement to propel Cascadia onto the global platform.” 
Wynter continued, “Quinnell Group’s business strategy has always been reflected in its motto. Though my grandpa isn’t here today, he’s probably watching this on TV. When I took over Quinnell Group from him, what moved me the most was its unchanging ideals over a century. 
“Country before commerce‘ remains Quinnell Group’s ethos. We’ll continue our research and development efforts in technology and materials. Our tech team is once again recruiting nationwide. 
Everyone is welcome to apply. 
“We have experimental groups, so as long as you have confidence in your abilities, Quinnell Group welcomes you regardless of your background, education, or age. We’ll always need hardworking Individuals, especially those who have traveled far to stand before us. 
“If you don’t fit in, it’s not necessarily your fault, but a fault in the system.” 
Wynter’s words reignited the fading buzz, but what truly stirred people was the message she conveyed. 
Competition in society had grown fiercely intense. It wasn’t merely about personal abilities anymore.. Factors like family background, education abroad, and even the timing of starting a family after joining a 
it Inspiring Speedfi 
company played crucial roles. 
Quinnell Group was such a large company, but their hiring principle was simple: personal capability. 
This gave hope to many who were still struggling in Kingbourne. 
Quinnell Group’s tweet on their official Twitter account had already amassed over 300 thousand comments, and many users were retweeting it. 
It was because there were few top–tier companies nowadays that considered the plight of the working 
class. 
After all, there was a difference between entrepreneurs and businessmen. 
“Gonna take a shower, then head to Quinnell Group for an interview tomorrow.” 
“I got sacked because of internal politics at my previous company, but I can build a backend system.” 
“I don’t believe what others say, but I trust Ms. Quinnell. She comes from a small town too.” 
“Those people used to call us small–town swots, but now Ms. Quinnell is saying that it’s the system’s fault. Yeah, there was always a fault in the system.” 
“Let’s go, guys! Let’s seize the opportunity!” 
This added to the worries of other major companies in the same industry. Many high–level executives from companies based in Kingbourne gathered for meetings. 
###chapter839
Chapter 839 His Days Are Numbered 
The high–level executives, typically known for their enjoyment rather than their diligence, were now the most anxious. After all, they habitually delegated tasks to their subordinates rather than engaging in the work themselves. 
“Didn’t you guys say companies like Quinnell Group wouldn’t affect us?” 
“Mr. Larsen, with our current scale, we really can’t compare to Quinnell Group, and our main business is different too.” 
“But why is everyone talking about resigning now?” 
“L… Ms. Quinnell’s words were too impactful.” 
“Can’t you guys learn a thing or two from her marketing tactics?” 
Some were already feeling helpless. How could they learn when they were not standing in the same position? 
And who was it that said Wynter was just a country bumpkin from a small town and was unworthy of concern? They even mocked her for not fitting into their elite circles. 
Well, she didn’t need to fit into some aristocratic circle anyway. Her sights were set on the heads of these listed companies. 
A company akin to Quinnell Group, albeit smaller in scale, frequently undercut Quinnell Group’s business with inferior products. Now, they had met their downfall. 
The Fenton and Winston families bore the brunt of the impact. Executives from both companies were now scratching their heads. Their already sparse hair became even sparser. 
“Why did she venture into the entertainment sector? Didn’t anyone get the memo?” 
“What do we do now?” 
“Don’t ask me. Just go out and corner the market. Don’t worry about the entertainment sector first.” 
“We can’t. The tech side is saying they’re resigning.” 
What could they use to corner the market? 
Before, the top four most prestigious families had hopes of catching up with the Quinnell family. 
But now, the Quinnell family’s momentum was about to catch up with the Yarwood family, with their market value doubling. 
And that was not all. From now on, graduates from top universities, along with some hidden talents, especially in the IT industry, would flock to the Quinnell family. 
The top four families had lost their edge. The same was true for other companies in the industry. 
Shareholders with their own agendas were also privately contacting each other. 
Chapter 639 His Days Are Numbered 
22 
Whenever Declan called for a gathering at the villa, there would typically be at least seven shareholders in 
attendance, if not ten. 
But now, only three showed up. The table wasn’t even full. 
One of them stammered, “I really can’t spare any time lately, Mr. Quinnell Senior. It’s not that I don’t want to participate, but look at Wynter. If she can deal with her father like that, she’ll be ruthless to us.” 
Declan squeezed his sandalwood beads until his hand turned red, but his face remained calm. “It’s not a big deal. Why are you so flustered? With the master around, how bad do you think the outcome could possibly be? 
As soon as the word ‘master‘ was mentioned, the man seemed to be stricken with fear. His face turned 
slightly pale. 
Declan didn’t rush him. He just poured a cup of coffee and pushed it toward him. “Things on that end are almost ready. The master has also instructed that once this batch is delivered, each of us will get what we want. It’s just a small hiccup that caused things to get a bit out of control. 
“But you can all rest assured. It won’t happen again. And the master has found a way to deal with Dalton. As long as he’s gone, you won’t have so many concerns about taking action, right?” 
Declan looked at the shareholder who spoke earlier. “You all know the master’s abilities. Some things are still in the planning stages, so we can’t panic.” 
“Mr. Quinnell Senior is right. Why are you so flustered?” Another man nudged his friend. 
The shareholder poured himself a drink, and the atmosphere at the table became lively again. 
After finishing his drink, he asked again, “Mr. Quinnell Senior, can the master really deal with Dalton?” “His days are numbered.” 
###chapter840
Chapter 840 Dalton Is in a Bad Mood 
At the TV station building, Dalton was still chatting courteously with Elijah. From the looks of it, they were both quite invested in the conversation. 
Elijah continued to talk happily while Dalton would nod occasionally. He would smile too, but Dalton felt more like a boss patrolling the place. But Elijah held a high position in the company too. 
“Your body seems to have improved greatly. Your grandpa won’t have to keep worrying about you.” 
Dalton was good at pretending to be a subordinate as he remained polite. “Yes. My fiancée-” 
Dalton smiled gently before continuing, “The one who had shone brightly on stage just now, she was the one who had saved me.” 
Elijah had been maintaining a kind and harmless expression. But his expression morphed into shock when he heard Dalton’s words. 
His demeanor changed as soon as he stopped smiling. “Is she that powerful?” 
Dalton noticed that there was no one around them and said, “That’s right, Uncle Elijah.” 
Elijah looked at him and said, “But Mr. Stavius said that you wouldn’t live past this year.” 
“That wasn’t the only thing that old man said.” In other words, there was no need to read too much into Kaspar’s words, 
In private, Dalton always had an air of elegance around him. 
Elijah jerked his arm and said, “Do you know longer feel repulsed by women?” 
Dalton replied plainly, “Yes.” 
Elijah patted him on the shoulders and said, “That should be the way. I was wondering why you were acting like those billionaires from romance novels. 
“You would even feel repulsed by women! It was hilarious. What a weak ass- 
Elijah paused mid–sentence when he saw Dalton’s gaze. His laughter also died down as he coughed and said, “Your wife is a good woman. 
“We do not have any ions regarding your marriage, but your grandpa might to it. But from what I see, your fiancee also doesn’t treat you like you’re special.” 
Those words were extremely hurtful. 
Dalton stopped walking as his gaze darkened. His voice remained nonchalant as he said, “Uncle Elijah. you should start wearing glasses if your eyesight is worsening. There’s no reason to push yourself too hard.” 
Elijah was stunned momentarily. His eyes were alright. Why would he need to wear glasses? 
Wait a minute. That brat was just saying that he had poor eyesight and had seen wrongly! 
ta 
Chapter 840 bahton is in a Bad Mood 
“When will you bring her home? I do have to say, you’ll probably be devastated if such an amazing woman like her, kicks you to the curb. Don’t forget, you had annulled the engagement before.” 
Dalton felt like Elijah was being unnecessarily talkative. 
After he left the building, his gaze turned cold after realizing that Wynter had not waited for him. 
His crow wanted to move closer to him, but it decided to take a few steps back after sensing Dalton’s 
foul mood. 
However, an ignorant spirit moved forward in interest. 
That master’s plan sure was interesting. 
The malevolent spirit was skilled and did not act like a malevolent spirit at all. Instead, it had chosen to observe Dalton in the dark. It seemed to be waiting for its opportunity. 
It was raining, and Dalton’s bodyguard held an umbrella for him. 
Dalton looked at his bodyguards and fiddled with his scarlet rosary bracelet. Surprisingly, Dalton did not get in the car. Instead, he said impassively, “Give me an umbrella. I’ll take a walk around the place.” 
The bodyguards exchanged glances before lowering their heads and said, “Sir, it’s not safe for you to be 
alone.” 
“What’s unsafe about the place? We’re out in broad daylight now. Give me the umbrella.” Dalton lifted his hands as his gaze fell to a certain corner and he raised his hands. 
No one dared to disobey Dalton’s orders. 
However, it had been raining constantly for the past few days. The whole area was dark and creepy, giving people an uncomfortable vibe. 
###chapter841
Chapter 841 Someone Wants to Harm Dalton 
Some people have speculated that the bad weather was due to the breaking of chains by the South–West corner that sealed the dragon away. The chains had been there since the founding of Cascadia. 
The sky was layered with dark clouds as if there was some kind of fog there. 
A group of people passing by began to chat. “Do you all know about the rumors of the alleyway behind the TV station building?” 
“I do. People have claimed to feel like something was following them whenever it rained.” 
“That’s right. One of my colleagues even caught a fever. His fever hasn’t gone down yet, and he keeps murmuring that he said the wrong answer.” 
“Let’s hurry up and leave. There’s no need to wait until the afternoon. It sounds so creepy.” 
“Mr. Diaz would not be passing by that alley, would he?” 
“Even the employees from the building opposite ours would take the long route to avoid that alleyway, let alone Mr. Diaz.” 
“That’s good then.” 
It was likely that no one would go there. 
However, it was much too soon to make such a conclusion as Dalton was currently heading toward that dark alleyway. 
He seemed to have his eyes on the small shops at the other end of the alley. Due to his fair skin and black suit, he stood out despite standing in 
the rain while holding his black umbrella in one hand. 
Although one could not see his face, one could still see his sharp jawline. 
He was indeed weaker as he had felt slightly breathless after taking three steps. He exuded an air of coldness. 
Someone had once said that Dalton should be used to society as he had been working in the business industry for so many years. 
But Dalton always seemed disinterested in society. In fact, he always seemed detached about everything. let alone interested in society. 
The alleyway was only 500 meters long, but it seemed to go on for miles and miles. 
The rain continued to pour heavily. But the rain did not seem to be coming from the clouds above. It looked like it was coming from the ground as even the walls were covered with water. 
Rainy seasons in the south would often be like that. 
But they were in Kingbourne. Everyone who has been to Kingbourne would know that the city was dry and windy all year round. Such occurrences rarely happened. 
Chapter 841 Someone Wants to Harm Dalton 
217 
As the fog began to spread, the alleyway seemed to be filled with people. However, no one could be seen and only the sound of hurried footsteps could be heard. 
The further Dalton walked, the louder the footsteps were. The sound was seemingly creepy as it sounded. like it was following Dalton. 
The night before, the employee that the group of people had mentioned had heard the same sound. Then, the employee caught a high fever and kept murmuring nonsense. 
Most people would be terrified if they were forced to walk through an endless alleyway. 
After all, Dalton had been walking for more than 10 minutes, yet he did not seem to have made any progress through the alleyway. His vision was also decreasing as the fog increased. 
Anyone in his shoes would have been terrified, yet Dalton continued to walk ahead. He acted like he could not hear any sounds. 
Suddenly, a man appeared at the corner up ahead. 
It was a 
man in his forties. He had a document bag in his hands and he looked like he worked as an IT person who had just spent the whole day at the office. 
The man’s entire body was drenched, almost as if he had just come out of a lake. 
When the man saw Dalton, he turned to face him. However, there was something indescribable about the 
man’s eyes. They didn’t seem normal as there was a yellowish–brown hue to them. It was exceedingly 
creepy. 
“I was calling you from behind for so long. Why didn’t you turn around?” 
The man’s voice sounded hoarse and eerie. He sounded like an animal and gave off a sense of unease. 
Dalton paused. He pursed his lips and asked, “Are you talking to me?” 
His voice was calm and impassive. 
The man, Sothoth, had never encountered such a problem. He narrowed his eyes and stood before Dalton 
in the blink of an eye. 
Sticking out his oddly–shaped tongue, he asked, “Other than you, is there anyone else alive here?” 
###chapter842
Chapter 842 Dalton’s Power! 
Dalton did not speak as he moved his umbrella away. He was looking down, but there was an indescribable sense of hostility within his eyes. 
Sothoth’s complexion was flawless, and he was looking at Dalton excitedly as if Dalton was his you think my eyes look like the eyes of a dragon?” 
prey. “Do 
Dalton glanced at him and quickly looked away. He looked like he had seen something dirty as he said impassively. “It doesn’t.” 
Immediately, Sothoth was shrouded in black fog. 
Scales began to extend from his neck to his face as lightning struck around them. He asked again, “Do you think my eyes look like the eyes of a dragon?” 
“No.” Dalton didn’t even bother to look the second time. 
Sothoth was furious as his nails turned green. The black fog began to cover Dalton’s legs as if it wanted to swallow Dalton whole. “I’ll ask you this one more time. Do my eyes look like-” 
“You’re so noisy.” Dalton interrupted him and waved his hands. 
Bang! 
Sothoth flew about 3 feet before banging his back against the wall. He felt like he had been wrapped in something. His body flared up in pain. 
The man struggled to get up. But before he could raise his head, he felt a leather shoe step on his head. 
His head was being shoved onto the stone slab! 
Dalton held onto his black umbrella as he stood straight. He looked breathtaking under the rain. especially since certain parts of his suit had been drenched from the rain. 
However, his expression remained nonchalant as he said, “Can’t you tell that I’m in a bad mood?” 
The crow immediately flew above the wall and cawed loudly. It was almost as if it was mocking the spirit for being stupid enough to offend Dalton. 
Sothoth had also recognized the crow and immediately froze. 
He began to stutter as he begged, “I was wrong for not recognizing someone as powerful as you. I apologize for wanting the soul that you have set your eyes upon. I’ll leave him alone!” 
He was obviously facing the crow as he begged. The crow immediately panicked when it heard his pleas. 
However, Dalton turned to the crow and raised an eyebrow. He asked, “You’ve set your eyes on my soul? Are you going to eat me? It’s been more than a hundred years. You’ve grown much bolder!” 
The crow began to caw loudly as if to say, “No! Sir, you must see through his lies! That stupid dragon is trying to frame us! We are worthless! We do not dare to do such things! Look at how sincere I am!” 
Chapter 642 Daltons Power! 
22 
The crow flapped its wings loudly. Although it could not say anything, its fear toward Dalton was 
apparent. 
From its fear, Sothoth could sense how dangerous Dalton was. 
Sothoth had also known that he had made the wrong judgment. Who was he to make one of the mythical 
beasts act so humble? 
Sothoth seemed to have thought of something as his eyes widened in shock. 
my 
“My lord, I was wrong. I was blind for not recognizing you. Could you take my many years of spiritual practice to ascend into a fully–fledged dragon and show me some mercy?” 
According to the legends, one would need to undergo 100 years of spiritual practice to ascend into a 
snake. 
However, it would take 1000 years for a practitioner to ascend into a fully–fledged dragon. They would also need to undergo the trials of the heavens and the earth to become a fully–fledged dragon. 
So everyone on the pathway to ascend into a fully–fledged dragon would have to transform into a human to find someone they were fated to meet and ask them a question. 
If the human had said they looked like a dragon, their ascension would be complete. If they answered the opposite, they would have to restart their spiritual journey. 
Sothoth would have never thought that he would have met such a powerful person during such a crucial period of his ascension! 
That man who had summoned him was an idiot. How could he ask Sothoth to take the overlord’
###chapter843
Chapter 843 Tle Me Up 
Dalton looked down at him and raised his eyebrow slightly. “Do I look like I’m dumb?” 
Sothoth didn’t know why Dalton would ask him such a question. He continued to lie on the floor. He did 
not dare to move. 
The crow continued to caw as if to say, “My lord, you’re the most brilliant man across the universe. No one can compare with your intelligence!” 
The crow’s flattery was astounding. 
Dalton asked slowly, “Then why is it still trying to lie to me?” 
Sothoth trembled. He looked up and noticed that the lightning was about to strike him. He immediately shouted, “My lord, please listen to what I have to say. I–I was forced by the humans to come out on earth. 
“They kept discharging waste into my waters and disturbing my peace. I had no choice but to come up as 
a human. Someone had summoned me onto land to defeat you. I’m telling the truth!” 
Dalton’s eyes darkened, and it looked like he did not hear a word Sothoth had said. 
“Someone had summoned you to defeat me?” 
Dalton raised his leg and smirked. He seemed to be praising Sothoth as he said, “You’re quite brave.” 
Sothoth immediately trembled in fear as he watched Dalton. “I don’t think that person wanted to defeat you. They just wanted to ruin your human body.” 
That person must be seeking death. How dare they try to harm Dalton, the overlord? 
If he knew the overlord had awakened and had morphed into a human, he would have much rather 
continue his spiritual practice for another 1000 years than do such a thing! 
But something seemed off. How was he still unable to sense the overlord’s aura? 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have acted so impulsively by attacking Dalton! 
“Since you’ve received their offerings, you should help finish the job. 
Then, Dalton threw Sothoth his umbrella and held his hands out. He ordered, “Tie me up, and take me 
away.” 
Sothoth and the crow were speechless. 
What was happening? Could Dalton hear himself? 
He would be crazy to do such a thing! How could he tie Dalton up and take him away? 
Sothoth said carefully, “I–I don’t think that’s a good idea, sir.” 
He didn’t even dare to get up now! He was still crawling on the floor. 
Dalton stood in the rain and said impassively, “What’s not good about it? Tie me up, and take my umbrella. 
Chapter 849 Tie Me Up 
Sothoth turned to the crow for help. He did not dare to do such a thing! He lived in a dark and gloomy place. It wasn’t suitable for an overlord like Dalton to be there. 
“Are you going to make me stand in the rain like this?” Dalton lowered his voice. 
There was a timeless elegance in his tone, but there was also an underlying sense of danger within. “If you don’t start moving, I’ll pull all of your bones out.” 
Sothoth immediately got up and tied the rope around Dalton’s hands. Then, he quickly picked up Dalton’s umbrella and covered Dalton! 
“A–Are you satisfied now, sir?” Sothoth’s voice was soft, while his forehead was covered in cold sweat. 
Dalton nodded. He seemed to have thought of something as he fiddled with his scarlet rosary bracelet.” Leave a small trail to your place with your scent, starting with this place.” 
“What?” Sothoth was confused. Why did he need to leave his scent here? 
Dalton looked at him like he was an idiot and simply gave him some more specific instructions. “Make it 
obvious and easier for someone to find us.” 
Wait a minute, who was going to look for them? Sothoth looked around the alleyway dazedly. But since it 
was Dalton’s orders, he would definitely execute them properly. 
He wanted nothing more but for someone to quickly find Dalton. He was petrified that Dalton would cook 
him in a fit of anger! 
If that happened, turning back into a snake would be a faraway dream, let alone a dragon! 
The crow understood Dalton’s plan. He walked over diligently and said, “Sir, don’t worry. She will definitely worry about you and come to look for you now since you’re currently weak at the moment.” 
The crow’s voice wasn’t shrill, and it was loud and clear. 
###chapter844
Chapter 844 Wynter’s Help 
Dalton gave him a look. The crow understood immediately. It collected its voice and returned to a normal bird. 
It was his responsibility to spread the news that Dalton was missing. So, the crow immediately flew away once the fog and rain had lightened. 
Dalton’s bodyguards were standing worriedly by the entrance of the alleyway. Their anxiousness only increased when they heard the sound of a crow cawing. 
No, they must go in and take a look! Even if it means that Dalton would be furious with them! 
When they entered the alleyway, they realized there was something very creepy about it. The alleyway was filled with fog, and no one could see the other end. 
The bodyguards immediately realized the severity of the situation. They tried to walk in and realized that Dalton was gone. Their expressions immediately changed when they realized that only a lucky coin was left on the ground! 
At the same time, Haddon had brought Wynter to his residence. Haddon’s home wasn’t overly lavish as he lived in a very ordinary neighborhood in Kingbourne. 
The only advantage of that neighborhood was that it was very near an elite high school. That made it a high school district. 
As one of the leading figures in the cultural relic circle, he was wealthy. He had kept a bunch of paintings and relics from his early days that didn’t cost much. 
He never sold them. Instead, he had donated most of the relics that were meaningful and priceless. 
Haddon’s gaze fell on Wolf and said, “He-” 
“It’s alright if he listens to our conversation.” Wynter had always been smart. She didn’t come here because of the relics Haddon had mentioned. 
Instead, she had decided to come here after noticing the bad fortune lingering around Haddon. 
Wynter did not waste any time and looked at the room’s layout. 
“Did something happen in your home recently?” Wynter was direct and told Haddon about her concerns. 
Haddon’s eyes widened before he sighed. “There have been a few occurrences that I cannot seem to understand.” 
“Ms. Wynter, please follow me.” Haddon lowered his gaze and walked ahead. 
Wynter could feel a strong sense of resentment as she walked further into the house. But there weren’t any evil spirits present. 
*Some time back, I went to visit Iskador as there were rumors of an ancient tomb there.” 
Chapte: 844 Wynter’s Help 
2/2 
Haddon gestured for Wynter to sit as he poured her a cup of coffee. Then, he turned around to take some documents from the shelf and handed them to Wynter to read. 
He rubbed his fingers and said, “That’s the tomb I just mentioned. It was also on the news. There were many things inside of the tomb, and I handed them all to our National Museum. 
“However, a lot of strange things began to happen after I returned home. There’s this item that keeps reappearing within my house. No matter how many times I try to throw it out, it keeps coming back.” 
Wynter’s expression darkened as she held the cup in her hand. “Show it to me.” 
Haddon had been waiting for Wynter to say that. The situation had been irking him for some time, but he 
didn’t know who to tell. 
It had been a total coincidence that he had managed to meet Wynter. But he had been looking for 
someone to ask about the item. 
Haddon bent down and opened a drawer by the shelf. The drawer had a lock on it as he didn’t want anyone from his family touching it. 
He then passed a small wooden box to Wynter. 
Inside the wooden box was a pair of silver earrings adorned with green opals and rubies. 
Haddon sat down and said, “It was probably an item during historical times.” 
He was smart and knowledgeable. “But I just don’t understand why it keeps ending up in my house.” 
Chapter 045 The Unosus. Loca’s 
###chapter845
Chapter 845 The Unusual Locals 
Hearing this, Wynter quietly took out the earrings. But she didn’t feel any resentful energy coming from it. 
But items from the Badival Times were indeed trickier. After all, there was a large part of history and 
culture that had not been recorded. 
Wynter could only make a few guesses through the earrings. “Where did you get the earrings? Did anything out of the ordinary happen when you excavated the tomb?” 
Haddon took out a map and drew a circle. “It was around this area. There were also a few locals there. There wasn’t anything special inside the tomb and everything went smoothly.” 
He gave it some thought and continued, “The only thing unusual were those locals. They would always cling to one of the women in our team, Blanca. 
“They wouldn’t argue or fight with her. They would just follow her around, telling her to be careful and not 
get too tan. They were also very friendly and had given her lots of food 
and fruits. 
*So, we didn’t pay much attention to them at first. We even thought of the locals as honest and kind. 
“But after that, they continued to follow Bianca everywhere. Their expressions would change whenever she talked to someone else. They would tell her that unmarried women should not have too many relationships with others. 
“One day, Bianca wanted to survey the area, but the locals refused to let her go. The situation was only 
resolved after one of the local heads came out. 
“But despite that, they continued to look at Bianca as if she was some sort of criminal. They had even 
gone as far as disrupting our work.” 
Hearing that, Wynter looked up and asked, “Where is Bianca now? Did anything strange happen to her 
after she returned home?” 
Haddon opened the window and said, “I know what you’re worried about, Ms. Wynter. 
“I was also worried something might happen if the locals continued to follow her, so I arranged for her to return home. She’s completely fine. I’m the one who seems to be caught in something.” 
*She’s fine-” Wynter lowered her gaze and looked at the earrings. 
Most s tended to follow people if there was some obsession coming from within. But she’d only be able to purify the by finding 
wrong with the earrings. 
ut the root of the obsession. But there didn’t seem to be anything 
The reason behind the locals‘ weird infatuation with Blanca was also unknown. 
The weirdest thing about the case was that Bianca was fine. However, Haddon was the one who got caught up in something. 
Where exactly was the problem here? 
Wolf wasn’t able to smell anything from the earrings either. So what exactly wan It? 
How was everything connected? 
This was the first time Wynter felt like things weren’t as simple as they seemed. 
She thought things through and said, “I would like to meet Blance myself.” 
Haddon nodded. “However, this matter-” 
“Don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone about it. I just want to find the cause behind the situation. You also understand that my main profession is a doctor. 
“You’ve just returned from Iskador. It’s normal for you to care about your team members.” 
Haddon laughed after hearing Wynter’s words. “Ms. Wynter, you’re still as humorous as ever. With your reputation as a doctor, I probably would not be able to afford your services.” 
“I was also listening to you when you were on stage. I never expected you to be the daughter of the Quinnell family. 
“Mr. Quinnell Senior will be able to get better now. He also won’t need to worry about the company’s business since he has a granddaughter like you.” 
After that, Haddon looked at her sincerely and said, “Out of all the businessmen from his generation, Mr. Quinnell has my utmost respect. He had a hard time back then. 
###chapter846
Chapter 846 Dalton’s Disappearance 
With that said, Haddon sighed and continued, “Although I don’t know much about maintaining a business, I can see that a lot of businesses are changing their models. 
“Certain voices are also getting louder throughout time. Things hadn’t been going too smoothly for Mr. Quinnell Senior some time back too. 
“People our age find it hard to keep up with the next generation, but we are also learning as we go. 
“If it weren’t for you, I would not have known that my people would have dared to harm our students like 
that. 
“There are few people in our circle who are willing to dedicate their lives to do cultural relic restoration now. In addition, most of our arts are slowly disappearing as there isn’t anybody to inherit and learn the skills to restore them. 
“Looking back, it’s such a pity so many things are being destroyed with time.” 
Haddon waved his hands and continued, “Alright. I’ve said too much. With your personality, I’m sure you can understand us. 
“Your speech today was amazing! I believe the Quinnell family will continue to grow to great heights after today!” 
“Since Mr. Martinez holds the Quinnell family in such high regard, I was wondering if you were willing to help us with something. I’ll be great if you could offer us your help.” 
Wynter looked at him before continuing. “The Quinnell family will expand into the artifact industry. That is because we want to bring back our relics that have been left abroad. 
“Do you have any interest in such a project?” 
Haddon said immediately, “I do! That’s something I’ve always wanted to do as many of our country’s treasures have been left abroad.” 
“That’s settled then. I’ll have Alexis send you a proper proposal.” 
Wynter got up and smirked. “I’ll try taking this with me. I think I have a way to keep it with me.” 
Haddon’s eyes immediately brightened as he said, “Really?” 
“To tell you the truth, I know some basic skills required for a medium,” Wynter said as she pinched the earrings together. She looked like she was about to break it. 
Haddon smiled. “Ms. Wynter, you’re too humble. Judging from your words, you’re probably already an expert in the field.” 
Wynter did not deny it. She walked over to the fish tank. The water inside was dark and murky. It looked like it had been affected by the weather. The goldfish inside also looked dead and lethargic. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. Before she could speak, Wolf walked up to her and looked at the goldfish 
Chapter 346 Daltons Disappearance 
through the glass tank. 
12 
The goldfishes were immediately filled with life as they swam toward Wolf. They swam with vigor that they had never shown before. 
Wolf looked up as if trying to say that their sudden change in attitude had nothing to do with him. 
Wynter placed her hand on the tank. “Alright. Now, go and roam around the rooms here.” 
Wolf’s energy always seemed to be able to ward off things and spirits from people’s houses. She believed Haddon would rather shoulder the bad fortune than have a vulnerable home. 
Wolf got the order and immediately roamed around the house. 
Wynter dunked her hand inside the fish tank. Although it looked like she was casually stirring the water inside, she was actually moving the fish eggs inside. 
In Cascadian culture, goldfish symbolized the fortune of a family. 
If they were to die, something big was amiss. 
Not to mention, the fish tank had been placed in the middle of the room. There were small rocks around it. Those rocks created a formation around it as a preventive measure. 
Haddon didn’t understand what Wynter was doing. 
He only knew that after Wynter’s actions, the air seemed to have cleared up and the faint fishy smell in the room had disappeared. He felt more relaxed. 
“It’s been raining a lot for the past few days. It’s not normal for there to be so much rain in Kingbourne. 
Not only does it affect our moods, but the fish also feel out of place. Luckily, you’re here to help.” 
As Haddon spoke, Wynter turned to glance at the weather outside. She didn’t realize there was a stench 
mixed in between the rain. 
One of the reasons was because she had Wolf by her side. Another reason was that she had spent all of her energy on dealing with the issues within the Quinnell Group. 
Now that she could carefully take a whiff of the stench, she felt like the stench was too strong. There was 
something wrong with it. 
Wynter began to think as she fiddled with her lucky coin. 
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter847
Chapter 847 Strange Things 
Suddenly, lightning struck as there seemed to be some turbulence among the clouds. 
Wynter was about to take a closer look when her phone rang. Tobias was calling her, and he sounded 
anxious. 
“Wynter, are you with Dalton?” 
Tobias was still wearing his makeup while Jacqueline stood beside him. Their wave of popularity had increased so much that Jacqueline couldn’t stop smiling. Her respect toward Wynter had broken through 
the roof. 
At first, she had planned for Tobias to do a live stream, but who would’ve thought that something would happen to Dalton? 
Jacqueline’s expression was tense. Even if he had Wynter’s support, it didn’t mean he could act so recklessly. 
Tobias had also noticed Jacqueline and quickly walked away. 
Wynter did not understand what was happening. She closed the window and said, “No. I’m with Mr. Martinez. Dalton should probably be with Mr. Diaz.” 
“He’s not there. Someone from the Yarwood family had just contacted me. Dalton seems to be missing,” Tobias said in a low voice. 
Missing? 
Wynter frowned. She said subconsciously, “How could heaven’s chosen one be missing?” 
“He’s really missing. The Yarwoods‘ entire bodyguard squad is out looking for him.” 
In order to keep their conversation private, Tobias headed to a secluded area and continued, “The rest of the aristocratic families don’t know about his disappearance. They can’t make such news public either. 
“You know better than anyone that Dalton has been handling all of the Yarwood’s businesses. 
“Things will definitely take a turn for the worse if news about his disappearance gets out, especially when it reaches the companies abroad.” 
Things wouldn’t just take a turn for the worse, but the entire economic market would be affected. 
Wynter glanced at Haddon and picked up her bag. “Don’t touch the fish tank. Call me if you remember anything. Also, help me make an appointment with Bianca.” 
Haddon noticed something had happened and did not ask Wynter to stay. 
On the other hand, Wolf’s gaze landed on the room on the west side of the house. 
Noticing this, Wynter raised her eyebrow and asked, “Why is that room locked?” 
“Oh, that’s my granddaughter’s bedroom. High school students are all about privacy nowadays,” Haddon 
“Oh, th 
Chapter 847 Strange This 
said with a smile. 
Wynter took her phone and walked toward the room. She couldn’t open the door, so she could not see the layout of the room. 
Wolf stood beside her and also wanted to enter the room. 
Wynter’s voice was calm. “Do you have the keys?” 
“I do. I’ll go and grab them now.” Haddon headed to the place where he stored all of the spare keys. 
On the other side of the phone, Tobias said quietly, “Wynter, why aren’t you the slightest bit worried that 
your fiance is missing?” 
“Don’t say such nonsense. I am worried, ” Wynter said, but she couldn’t help but feel that it was illogical for him to go missing. 
After all, The Shadows would follow him wherever he went. It’s not like he’d ask it to stop following him. 
Unless something else had happened to him. 
Wynter was busy speculating when Haddon came over with the keys. 
He said, “We don’t dare to simply enter her room. For some reason, she’s been very angry for the past few 
days.” 
The door was unlocked. 
A strong sense of resentment immediately flooded Wynter’s senses as she opened the door. 
She raised her eyebrow and entered the room. She wanted to find where that resentment was coming 
from. 
However, she was able to come up with a conclusion despite searching the whole room. 
It was as if that sense of resentment was being manifested through the corners of the room and did not. belong to any of the items. 
Tobias noticed Wynter had been quiet for some time, so he called out to her quietly. 
Wynter collected her gaze and “accidentally” dropped her lucky coin under the desk, allowing it to fall to 
the corner of the room. 
###chapter848
Chapter 848 My Handsome Fiance 
Haddon did not notice Wynter’s actions. 
From the looks of it, he was more afraid of messing up his granddaughter’s room, and how furious she would be if she found out. 
Leo was bonded to the lucky coin. He understood that Wynter had left him there to observe the strange sensation of the room during the night. 
Before he closed the door, Wynter confirmed once again, “Are you sure that nothing out of the ordinary has been happening other than the repeated appearance of the earrings?” 
Haddon nodded firmly. “The earrings are the only problem. I didn’t tell anyone in my family as I didn’t want them to worry.” 
With that said, Haddon seemed to have realized something and asked, “Is something wrong with my granddaughter?” 
Wynter did not keep her findings a secret. She said, “There’s something different about her room. If it’s convenient, I would like to meet her one day.” 
“Alright!” One of Haddon’s biggest worries was that his family would be affected by his work. 
Wynter could sense his worries. “Everything will be fine. Don’t worry.” 
With that, she left Haddon’s house and turned up the volume of her call. She did not waste any time and asked, “What exactly happened to Dalton?” 
Wynter put on her helmet and gestured for Wolf to get on. “Tobias, be more specific.” 
Tobias looked around and said quietly, “I don’t know the specifics either. I only heard a brief explanation from the Yarwoods. 
“He didn’t leave after meeting with Mr. Diaz. Instead, he went to the alleyway behind the TV building. But that alleyway is haunted.” 
Wynter paused. “Haunted? How do you know it’s haunted?” 
Tobias coughed softly and said, “I was feeling nervous as it was my first time participating in such a TV show. So, I managed to join the TV employees‘ group chat.” 
He would not have been so nervous if he was joining the show with someone else. However, he was particularly careful of his image in Wynter’s eyes. He was also worried Wynter would receive a lot of hate from the TV show, so he had done his homework in advance. 
He never expected to not leam anything important after joining the group chat with a fake identity. Instead, he had listened to a lot of gossip. 
“The main thing is that the alleyway is haunted. Any employee who walks past that alleyway would always end up sick. They would catch a high fever and continue to murmur things on their bed. 
Chapter 548 My Handsome France 
“They won’t hear anything their families say either. It’s almost as if they would lose their soul. Wynter, do you want me to go there to take a look?” 
After hearing Tobias‘ last sentence, Wynter quickly said, “Don’t. Just tell the Yarwoods that I’ll find my handsome fiance. 
“Tobias, don’t go anywhere near that alleyway. Do you hear me?” 
“I got it.” Tobias‘ heart was filled with warmth after hearing Wynter care for him. 
He added, “Are you sure you’re alright alone? Why don’t you walt awhile? The Yarwoods would probably contact Mr. Stavius soon as they have quite a close relationship with him.” 
Wynter snapped the visor in place and said, “It’s alright. I’ll head over to take a look at the situation.” 
With Wolf by her side, she would probably be much more useful than Kaspar. 
At the same time, several shareholders were visiting Declan at his home. They had even brought gifts 
with them. 
The cat was bound to get out of the bag. 
Although no one had made it clear that they wanted to take down Dalton, they weren’t dumb either. They were all reliant on the master for their side business. 
Now that something had happened to Dalton, they immediately believed that the medium was related to 
it. 
So, they came to Declan’s residence to try and get some information about the situation.. 
They did not want to be on the losing side. Otherwise, they’ll end up bankrupt before they even know it. 
###chapter849
Chapter: 849 The Master le Never Wiring 
Chapter 849 The Master Is Never Wrong 
Who would have thought they wouldn’t be able to meet that cunning fox, Declan? Instead, one of his men came out with an apologetic expression. 
“I apologize sincerely to everyone here. Mr. Quinnell has been feeling under the weather recently. He seems to have caught a cold as it has been raining frequently for the past few days. 
“I’m afraid it won’t be appropriate for him to meet all of you as he is afraid of passing the sickness to your 
all.” 
No one believed that excuse. 
After all, Declan had just invited them for a meal just some time ago, yet he had fallen sick now. How was that possible? 
However, the shareholders weren’t dumb. They knew Declan was trying to avoid suspicion. 
“Alright then. We’ll just leave our things here. We shall meet some other day when Mr. Quinnell is feeling 
much better.” 
There was no reason for them to take their gifts and leave. After all, they were all in the same boat. 
Declan 
sat in his room and sipped on his water. He felt like those people downstairs were idiots. 
Something had just happened to Dalton, yet here they were coming to visit him. 
Did they think the Yarwoods wouldn’t be able to find any evidence, so they decided to create some evidence themselves? 
“Mr. Quinnell, I’ve sent them all away.” A man came in with a happy smile. However, his pronunciation was slightly stiff. 
Declan put down his cup and said, “There’s no one else in the room. How on earth did you manage to make Dalton disappear?” 
“It’s better if you don’t question the master’s way, Mr. Quinnell.” 
The man noticed that Declan was looking at him. He smiled and said, “However, I can tell you what I know. From what I’ve heard, he did it by using the dragon fortune as help. 
“Mr. Quinnell, I’m sure you’re also aware of the master’s summoning abilities. The Yarwoods will no longer be as powerful as they were before!” 
Declan was not someone who could be easily fooled. 
He stood up and said coldly, “I have never questioned him before. But you must know that with everything that has happened, it’ll be hard for Fabian to trust me again. 
“Last time, you told me there was a way for him to lose interest in the company’s business. But the company is 
is still in his hands. 
Chapte: 849 The Master is Never Wrong 
“Even those shareholders are beginning to sway. I cannot help but wonder if you two are just using me as 
a shield.” 
“Mr. Quinnell, we have been working together for so many years. How could we use you as a shield?” 
The man’s voice was sincere as he continued, “The Foplyan businessmen have been facing endless obstacles in their work in Cascadia. 
“If it weren’t for you, Mr. Quinnell, things would not have progressed so smoothly. You want the Quinnells, and we want what’s ours. There are no conflicts of interest between us. 
“Mr. Quinnell, you have also witnessed it for yourself. That man’s body had been exceptionally weak. But for some reason, he was as good as new after a trip to Southdale. 
“The master is also questioning what is up with that child the Quinnells had brought back.” 
Declan’s hands clenched tightly into fists at the mention of Wynter. 
“I had indeed underestimated her before. I’m having my people look into her. Her timing and appearance are just too much of a coincidence. 
“Do you think she has someone backing her up? The master is also questioning if she knows the Arcane Way,” the man said. 
Declan frowned. “According to the reports from Southdale, there were no mentions of her having such knowledge. 
“However, she does own a traditional medicine clinic. I heard she had inherited it from her grandmother.” 
“A traditional medicine clinic? No wonder the master had us talk to the clinic,” the man murmured. 
Declan couldn’t hear him clearly. “What did you say?” 
“It’s nothing. The master already has a way to bring her down. There’s no need for you to worry too much, Mr. Quinell. 
“However, I do still need your help with the saintess. It’ll be hard for us to do anything with our identities,” the man said as he looked at Declan. 
###chapter850
Chapter 850 A Job for Wolf 
Declan remained quiet. His hatred toward Naomi was overwhelming. 
If it weren’t for Naomi’s lack of composure, she would not have boasted so much in the TV show. She would not have made so many comments and faced such backlash either. 
Everything they had done had ended up backfiring against them. 
Now, some of the shareholders were beginning to sway from his control. 
He could not understand why the master valued Naomi so much. Was it because of her birth? Were there some other details of the situation that he did not know about? 
Declan was wary and he said, “I’ll see what I can do when the Yarwoods fall.” 
The man chuckled. “The master has never been wrong.” 
Not to mention, they had used the power of the dragon fortune. 
That man would have never imagined that the “dragon” they were talking about was currently busy serving Declan. 
“Sir, would you like something to drink? Can I pour you a glass of water?” Sothoth kicked away the jewelry by his feet and smiled humbly. 
Dalton took a look at the place and said, ‘There’s no sunshine here.” 
“T–That’s because our kind enjoys the dark.” They would have to shed multiple layers of skin if they were to bask in the sunlight every day. 
Dalton fiddled with his bracelet and said, “There’s no need for drinks. Shouldn’t you be somewhere else right now?” 
“What?” Where was he supposed to go? This was his home! 
Dalton remained impassive as he asked his crow, “How long has it been since I’ve been captured?” 
“Sir, it hasn’t been long. She must be busy with something. Otherwise, she would have-” 
Dalton interrupted him. “I can’t stay missing for too long because of my identity. Find a way to let her know I’m missing.” 
The crow was speechless. Was he’supposed to fly circles around Chaos‘ head? He was petrified that 
Chaos would eat him up! 
go? 
However, the crow was smart enough to say, “I’ll go there and fly circles around them. However, I do agree with what you said, my lord. 
“He should not be here now. It’ll be best if he returns to that alleyway. That way it’ll be easier for her to find some clues.” 
Who were they talking about? What was happening here? He just wanted to ascend to a fully–fledged 
dragon! He didn’t want to die! 
“My lord, 1- Sothoth opened his mouth to speak. 
Dalton looked at him and said impassively, “What’s wrong? Are you unwilling? You were quite happy when… you tried to attack me just now.” 
Hearing this, Sothoth quickly paused. He wanted nothing more but to sink back into the river and 
disappear! 
“I’ll head over there right now!” He was afraid he’d receive a beating if he stayed a second longer. 
Although he had never seen Dalton before, he had heard about him. Even a full–fledged dragon would not be able to do anything against him, let alone a dragon like him who had yet to ascend. 
Dalton held reign over ancient beasts that could swallow mountains. He never acted based on morality. He just did whatever he wanted. 
If he had set his eyes on someone, they would never be able to escape him. He would search through the heavens and the earth just to crush them. 
Sothoth also knew that when he went into deep slumber, all of his beasts had also hidden their trails. 
He was lucky that Dalton wasn’t Chaos. If Chaos was here, he would have been completely torn apart. 
Everything was good. 
Sothoth was thinking about that as he returned to his spot within the fog. 
At about 5:00 pm, Wynter parked her motorbike by the entrance of the alleyway behind the TV station. 
The Yarwoods‘ bodyguards had searched the alleyway countless times, yet they were never able to reach 
the other end. 
###chapter851
Chapter 851 You Might Run Into Ghosts 
Wynter immediately noticed how strange the alley was: She unfastened her helmet and quickly entered. the alleyway. 
The bodyguards wanted to follow, but Wolf prohibited them from doing so. He carried his black bag and followed behind Wynter with bright eyes. 
As they walked, Wynter pondered if they would face an evil spirit who would make them make a choice. But as she walked further into the alleyway, she could sense that the other party wasn’t an evil spirit. 
Considering the rumors Tobias had heard and the fact that the thick fog was able to affect the weather, Wynter recalled a legend. 
The legend claimed that a snake would need to undergo spiritual practice for 100 years before it is able to ascend into a dragon. 
On the other hand, a dragon would need to undergo 1000 years of spiritual practice and undergo the trials of the Heavens and the Earth before being able to ascend into a full–fledged dragon. 
Hence, every dragon would need to take on a human form, find someone they were destined to meet, and ask them a question before they can ascend. 
If the person they asked said that they looked like a dragon, the practitioner would be able to ascend on 
the spot. 
Wynter walked forward. She narrowed her eyes and looked at the thick fog ahead. 
Atwater had once told her that dragons would often appear at the South–West corner of the city 100 years 
ago. 
After all, the dragon fortune there was abundant. So, many dragons wanted to use the dragon fortune to 
aid in their ascension, 
Everything used to be peaceful until an evil dragon appeared. It had been selfish and ruined many families. It had killed many people and eaten them. 
All of the people there were filled with resentment as their cries for help echoed throughout the land. 
Later on, a medium had come from the mountains to seal the dragons under the river. He had also asked the locals to build a dragon lock chain. 
Even to this day, the related department would avoid the stone pillars that held the dragon lock chain whenever they were repairing the bridge. 
Such stone pillars to ward off the evil dragon were scattered around the outskirts of Kingbourne. 
They had done so to ensure that the power of the country’s fortune and the dragon fortune would 
continue to prosper. 
Atwater had specifically told her there would not be any problems with those seals. 
If one seal had come undone, the other seals would weaken with it. By that time, anything that came out of the seal would be tough to deal with. It might even end up affecting the country’s fortune. 
So what went wrong? 
As Wynter was deep in thought, she suddenly heard a set of footsteps that did not belong to her. 
Was anyone else here, aside from her and Wolf? 
Wynter did not stop. She continued to walk forward. 
After Sothoth had returned to the alleyway, he was quite delighted with what he found. The “she” that the lord was talking about could not be a young woman and a child. 
He loved the souls of young women and children. Not only were they delicious, but they also helped a lot with his spiritual practice.. 
That person that the lord was talking about would not know if he secretly took their souls, would they? 
With that thought in mind, Sothoth transformed back into a man and blended in with the fog. 
This time, he held a document bag in his hands. He looked like an employee from the TV station. His 
expression morphed into shock when he saw Wynter and Wolf. 
“Why are the two of you here? Didn’t anyone tell you that this alleyway is dangerous?” 
Wynter looked at him and frowned slightly. 
Wolf wanted to take action as he was currently starving. 
However, Wynter stopped him with a smirk. She looked at him and gestured for him to keep quiet. 
Wolf pursed his lips. He didn’t quite understand why Wynter did not allow him to eat that snake–like thing before him. It was not like they were a rare and protected species. 
Sothoth did not understand what they were doing and assumed the young lady was just holding her 
brother back. 
So, he walked closer in consideration. The hoarseness of his voice increased as he said, “It’s not good for you two to stay here for long. You might run into ghosts. Follow me. I’ll lead you two out of here.” 
###chapter852
Chapter 852 Blind 
Wolf did not want to waste any time yapping with it. He only wanted to reach out and take a bite. He would then bring it back and grill It. It would be delicious with some salt and pepper. 
However, Wynter reached out to hold his cheeks and coax his head up. Her voice was filled with amusement as she said, “This man here is kind enough to help us. You’re acting scary.” 
Then, Wynter turned to look at Sothoth and smiled wickedly. “I’ll have to trouble you to help us.” *No worries. The alleyway seems to be slightly haunted recently. You’ll be fine once you leave.” 
Sothoth didn’t understand the meaning behind her smile. But his answer and personality were an imitation of the first soul he took. 
Wynter said nonchalantly, Judging from your appearance, are you an employee of the TV station?” 
“Oh, right. It’s so tiring having to work so hard every day, yet earn so little.” Sothoth has been feeling very unlucky lately. He couldn’t control his murderous intent as he tugged on his tie. 
There was an unconcealable glint in his eyes while his iris transformed into a horizontal shape. “Don’t you think it’s meaningless for me to continue persevering? Should I just end this as soon as possible?” 
Wynter fiddled with her pendant and hummed. Then, she said, “I don’t understand your life. I’m quite wealthy myself, so my life is quite interesting.” 
Sothoth was trying to get Wynter to agree with him. He wanted to call out the resentment in them to make things easier for him to take a portion of their soul. 
Then, a person without his soul would slowly wither away into nothing after 49 days. 
But her words made it hard for him to answer. 
“It’s good that you’re wealthy. You don’t have to suffer like us. We have children to raise while we listen to our familles nagging. We don’t have any freedom at all. 
“However, someone is taking an interest in my eyes. They want to buy them from me.” 
With that said, Sothoth wanted to inch closer to Wynter and ask her if his eyes looked like dragon eyes. 
But before he could, Wynter said, “Your eyes are so small. You’re so lucky that someone is willing to spend money to buy them.” 
Sothoth was at a loss for words. 
Who was the one with small eyes? Why wasn’t she answering him like a normal human? 
There were limits to his imitation of a human. In addition, he was already annoyed. 
Sothoth held his document bag with a dark expression. He looked down at his darkening fingernails. It looked like he was about to lose his temper at any moment. 
“Are you sure you’re leading us the right way?” Wynter didn’t seem to have noticed his expression as she 
ople: 552 Blind 
remained nonchalant. 
Sothoth smiled creepily. “I’m bringing you to hell. How could I be wrong?” 
After entering the thick fog, he no longer had to worry that people would catch him in the act and 
interfere with them. 
He was a man who played by the rules now. He would no longer act like he did before. He had been sealed under the rivers by a stupid priest hundreds of years ago. 
If he found him, he would definitely eat him alive! 
Wynter looked at the fog around them and understood why Sothoth no longer cared about hiding his 
identity. 
It was easy for Sothoth to create a formation in the middle of the fog. 
It was slightly different from the Earthbound Formation. His formation could cut out a pocket of space 
and time for him to hide his identity. 
Wynter noticed that he had stopped with the facade, but she ignored him. Normally, they wouldn’t be too far from his place after entering his formation. 
Her fiance should be there. 
Wynter put her pendant away and held the lucky coin in her hand. She looked up and asked, “Is the way to hell under the river?” 
Sothoth also noticed the lucky coin in her hand. The wickedness in his eyes intensified. “Oh, so you’re at medium? Just wait and see how I’ll tear you apart!” 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter853
Chapter 853 No One Told Him Chaos Looked Like That 
Sothoth seemed to have remembered something as soon as he said it. He quickly turned to move behind Wynter. 
After so many years, he would not be dumb enough to fight those pesky little mediums again. 
Another lord was waiting for him. His life might be in danger if he were to get caught fighting here. 
So, he decided to just eat the child’s soul first before eating the girl’s soul. It would be much more efficient to settle the situation like that. 
Sothoth was cunning. He had also planned to take care of the “pesky little medium” by attacking her companion. 
But before his claw could reach the boy, a voice whispered in his ear. “I forgot to remind you, but you better not try to attack my brother for your sake.” 
How could Sothoth stand to listen to such provocation? 
A child’s soul was one of his favorite foods. Their souls were always fresh and juicy, and he could gobble them up immediately. 
However, Sothoth immediately froze the second he reached out to grab the boy. 
Then, the boy immediately slammed him to the ground, and the sound echoed throughout the alleyway. 
Sothoth was a little dizzy after being manhandled. The pain was too much to bear as tears poured out of 
his eyes. 
Something wasn’t right!. 
Why was that child so strong? 
Even the people from Mt. Dragon wouldn’t be able to beat him up so easily. 
Sothoth was still in shock when Wolf stepped on him hard. Then, Wolf turned to look at him, pursed his lips, and slapped him hard. 
Sothoth felt his cheeks becoming swollen from the pain. His scales were 100 years old. According to logic, his scales were supposed to be stronger than the stones under rivers. 
How could he feel the pain from that child’s slap? 
Sothoth’s face had become bruised. He was still thinking of fighting back when he noticed that the boy’s eyes had turned red. 
Instantly, Sothoth’s body began to tremble. There was an innate sense of oppression coming from the boy! 
Sothoth couldn’t help but recall his time as a snake practitioner. He would often pass by Southdale and had heard stories about how Chaos was resting there. 
Back then, he didn’t think too much about it. 
Chapter 853 No One Told Him Chaos Looked Like That 
22 
Even though Chaos was an ancient beast, he would also be controlled by the heavens. Not to mention, he had already been struck into a deep slumber, so there could not be anything dangerous about him. 
Back when he was trying to hunt in the rain, Chaos had just glanced at him after being awakened from his 
slumber. 
He was so afraid that he immediately lost all sense of control and ran away in fear. He had not dared to slow down. He would never forget how he was terrified of being eaten by Chaos. 
After all, Chaos hated the dark clouds. His hatred toward them would only increase whenever he saw the 
clouds. 
Now, that fear had enveloped him once again! 
He would not have mistaken him for another person. The boy before him was Lord Chaos! 
What the fuck? 
Sothoth wanted nothing more but to kneel and beg for mercy. But he knew Chaos would never let him go! 
Why didn’t he sense the aura of an ancient beast just now? 
Were the heavens trying to kill him? 
Not to mention, it wasn’t like he’d never met Chaos before. 
Chaos used to be a big beast who was able to shake the mountains with a step. How could he be that cute boy before him? 
Sothoth lay there in regret. He quickly said, “Lord Chaos, you’re here to meet the lord, am I right? I know where he is. Please! I beg you not to eat me! My skin is old and hard. It’s not delicious at all! I can give you all of the food in my caves if you would like!” 
###chapter854
Chapter 854 Who Is Your Lord? 
Wolf ignored him. He could not be bothered to listen to that water dragon wannabe. That wannabe was probably the reason why it kept raining recently. 
In Wolf’s opinion, anything he hunted himself would always taste more delicious. 
Fabian had also prepared a grill for him. 
Sothoth looked old. 
Fabian would probably gain a lot of nutrients after eating it. Hence, he was willing to share a small portion 
with Fabian. 
Now, he had to marinate it first! 
Wolf had always treated his food seriously. He allowed Sothoth to shout in pain as his expression 
remained indifferent. 
He decided to take out some red rope from his bag and wrap it around Sothoth. 
ause 
What terrified him more than Chaos was the fact that Chaos knew how to use the monster rope. 
Sothoth fell into despair. He did not understand what Chaos was doing to him. 
Why was Chaos sprinkling salt over him? The salt was making him twitch. 
Wolf wasn’t planning anything evil. He just wanted to ensure that the meat was fresh. That way, it’ll be 
much juicier if he grilled it. 
Wynter seemed to have noticed that Sothoth could not understand what was happening. So, Wynter kindly pointed at Wolf’s neck and whispered horrifying things into Sothoth’s ear! 
“L–Lord Chaos, listen to me! The overlord is waiting! Have you forgotten about the overlord? You can’t just 
think of eating me and making the overlord angry!” 
Sothoth shouted in a panic while trying to ignite Chaos‘ sense of rationality. 
“The overlord is waiting for you!” 
Sothoth was oblivious to the fact that Wolf had already lost all of his memories. After hearing Sothoth 
mention the overlord, Wolf only tilted his head. 
Wolf seemed to have felt that his food was being too noisy, so he reached out and slapped him again! 
Sothoth cried out in pain. Suddenly, he had an 
idea as he turned to Wynter. 
“I was blind to not have recognized your power. A medium will also go on a journey to seek ascension in the future. Please be kind and ask Lord Chaos to stop. I really did not do anything harmful!” 
Wynter had not stopped Wolf from acting out as she had been pondering over Sothoth’s words. 
It seemed like the man before him had seen Wolf in his original form. Also, who was the overlord he kept 
(212) 
mentioning? 
It sounded like the overlord used to be Wolf’s old master. They must be powerful to have Wolf recognize 
them as his master. 
Perhaps Wynter had been reading too many novels. Her first reaction was to ponder if the unknown overlord would be easy to deal with, Would he be dangerous? Would he cause turmoil on Earth? 
From all of the books she read, those overlords would always want to destroy and overtake the Earth. It was almost as if they couldn’t stand seeing humans living in peace. 
Why didn’t Atwater mention anything about a powerful overlord? 
It was evident that something had happened to the dragon lock chains. 
But if there really was an overlord out there, she would have to make proper arrangements. 
She would have to either strengthen the seal before they appeared, or she could move the Quinnell Group away from the city and gather all the mediums to fight the overlord. 
If she wasn’t able to win a fight against the overlord, she would just run away. She was good at doing that. 
Not to mention, Wolf seemed to be somewhat related to the overlord. 
Wynter clenched her pendant tightly. However, she wasn’t too worried. After all, such a scary overlord would often be used as a final trump card. They would not unleash such power on the people just yet. 
However, she had to ask. “Where is the overlord you speak of?” 
Wynter turned to look at Sothoth who was trembling on the ground. 
###chapter855
Chapter 855 Acting Outrageously 
Sothoth wanted to tell her that the overlord was currently waiting for Lord Chaos in his home. However, he suddenly remembered how much those mediums hated the overlord. 
But those were all rumors that he had heard. After all, a young monster like him would not be able to 
meet Dalton. 
Sothoth believed the overlord did not want to expose his identity. Otherwise, he would not be hiding as a 
human. 
No. He could not spoil the overlord’s plan! 
Destroying the medium would be easy with Dalton’s help. Not to mention, Dalton would also not allow a measly medium to take ownership of his ancient beast. 
As long as he led them there, the overlord would take necessary action. 
One had to admit that Sothoth was quick on his feet. The only problem was that he was too sure of 
himself. 
Sothoth met Wolf’s gaze. He trembled in fear and quickly turned to Wynter. 
“Miss 
I do not dare to ask about the overlord’s whereabouts. The people by Mt. Dragon should know more than me as they’re much more cautious of him.” 
Wynter wasn’t so easily tricked. She raised an eyebrow and said, “But you just said that he was waiting for my brother.” 
“Miss, shouldn’t you know that since you’re a medium yourself? Haven’t you heard of the stories? The overload will only be able to wake up when his beast comes to meet him and accepts him as his master.” 
Sothoth was telling the truth. 
He had been careless. He had acted so outrageously as he did not expect an ancient beast to appear 
before him. 
Wynter pondered upon Sothoth’s words. She had never heard that Wolf had such a purpose before. 
Did that mean that the overlord would continue to stay in deep slumber if Wolf refused to acknowledge 
him as his master? 
With that thought in mind, she gestured for Wolf to release him. 
Wolf gestured something along the lines of, “He is a bad man. We should just eat him!” 
“We’ll talk about it later. Let him lead the way first,” Wynter said. 
Then, she turned to look at Sothoth and said, “Return the soul you’re using to its original owner. 
“I got it. When I return home, I’ll return any soul you want me to,” Sothoth said as he slowly limped his way ahead. Judging from the pain in his back, he could not help but question if his bones were broken! 
Chapter 855 Alfing Outrageousy 
The salt on his face also made him uncomfortable. However, he did not dare to rub it off. Lord Chaos was currently holding a stick behind his back. That meant that he had no chance of escaping now. 
At the same time, someone had deliberately spread the news that Dalton was missing. 
Several people came to the Yarwoods‘ Manor. They claimed that they just wanted to visit Theo, but they just wanted to know if Dalton was really missing or not. 
Elijah was filled with regret. He stood at Theo’s study and knocked his head. “I would have come home with him if I knew this would happen. I never thought he would enter that alleyway.” 
“There’s no point in saying such things anymore,” Theo said. 
Elijah turned to Theo and said, “Did the abductors call? We can give them money. 
The Yarwood had an abundant amount of money. But there was something creepy about Dalton’s 
disappearance. 
Dalton’s bodyguards have all served their time in the army. However, no one was able to find any clues regarding Dalton’s disappearance. 
How could there not be any evidence left behind? 
Elijah thought of something and didn’t dare to look Theo in the eyes. He began to stutter as he said, “Do 
you 
think that it wasn’t a human behind this incident? 
“There have been several unexplainable occurrences in that alleyway. Should we invite Mr. Stavius over to take a look?” 
Theo’s tone was heavy as he said, “I would have gone to beg him if he was still in Kingbourne. But he has just returned to Mt. Dragon.” 
###chapter856
Chapter 856 Yvette Talks to The Yarwoods: 
Chapter 856 Yvette Talks to The Yarwoods 
How could there be such a coincidence? 
Something had happened to Dalton merely two days after Kaspar’s departure, not to mention the strangeness of the entire disappearance. 
Theo started to panic as he began to overthink. 
Suddenly, the phone in the living room began to ring. 
Nowadays, such landlines are rarely seen in people’s households. However, such things could be seen throughout the Yarwoods‘ Manor as they had always lived in quiet luxury. 
Theo was not in the mood to answer the phone, so he had allowed his secretary to answer it. 
I 
The other party’s first words were, “I know where Mr. Yarwood is. I am willing to provide you with some 
clues.” 
The secretary’s expression immediately changed when he heard their words. “Give me a moment!” 
He covered one end of the phone and looked at Theo. “Mr. Yarwood Senior, it’s a female college student 
calling. She claims that she knows where Mr. Yarwood is.” 
Theo immediately walked over. His expression was filled with worry, yet his tone remained steady. He 
said faintly, “Hello?” 
Theo’s tone had confused Yvette. She had heard the news about Dalton’s disappearance. It matched the news she had heard in her past life. 
That’s right. Yvette was the one who had called Theo. 
According to her memory, the news was claiming that Dalton’s whereabouts were unknown. A few days later, he had met with a car accident on his way home. 
The car accident was severe as the car had been flattened. The truck driver responsible for the accident. had also gone missing. Strangely enough, he had killed himself before he had been found. 
However, there was a big problem with the route he had taken. The accident had also caused the death. of numerous people, and everything about the situation felt weird and unusual. 
Yvette did not believe she would forget such crucial information, 
For the past few days, she had been waiting for the right opportunity to call the Yarwoods. 
Back then, she had planned to use her connections to meet the Yarwoods. But after moving to Kingbourne, she realized that it was an impossible task. 
It was too hard to infiltrate the Yarwoods and get connected with them. Not to mention, Theo had disliked her when he first, met her in Southdale. 
Yvette had considered her situation carefully. She knew that the Yarwoods would question her to no 
end 
Chapter 856 Yvette Talks to The Yarwoods 
if she claimed to know the time and circumstances in which Dalton would die. It was too rash. 
Not to mention, they might not believe her. 
Her goal was to become Dalton’s savior! So, she must appear during such a crucial moment! 
“Hello, Mr. Yarwood Senior,” Yvette said politely. 
Theo went straight to the point as he asked, “I heard that you know my grandson’s whereabouts. What are your conditions? I will accept any condition you propose. 
“Mr. Yarwood Senior, you’re being too kind. I’ve heard so much of the mighty Yarwood since I was a child. 
“I heard about how righteous and kind your family had been by frequently providing opportunities for kids from the village to further their studies. 
“I also come from a village, and I had the opportunity of meeting you once. 
Yvette sounded sad as she said, “Although you seemed to have a bad impression of me, I still respect your family. My grandma has also told me that doctors should always be kind toward people.” 
Theo was feeling anxious. He listened to Yvette’s rambling and realized it was all useless yapping. He could only ask, “You are?” 
“I’m from the Yates family from Southdale. If I could choose, I would not wish to have such parents. 
“But I believe you can understand that some decisions aren’t for us to decide, especially when it comes to our family. 
“However, I’m currently staying with my grandma and learning medicine from her. 
“I’ve also learned a lot now. I understand that my previous behavior was wrong, and I hope that you will not hold any grudges toward me.” 
###chapter857
Chapter 857 Yvette Is a Fortune Teller 
Theo wanted to frown when he heard that she was from the Yates family. However, she had mentioned 
her grandmother. 
Although he had never met Margaret, he understood her character. 
Not to mention, Margaret was Wynter’s grandmother. Theo was very satisfied with Wynter. 
After all, who would have thought that the doctor he had admired would be the genius doctor Dalton had mentioned? Then, she also turned out to be part of the Quinnell family. 
He wasn’t trying to exaggerate things, but Wynter was the one who had saved Dalton’s life. 
Since they were related in a certain way, it was inappropriate for him to say anything bad about Yvette. So, he could only remain silent. 
Yvette noticed and quickly said, “Mr. Yarwood Senior, I know you’re worried about Dalton. When I was stocking up on some medication, I saw Mr. Yarwoods in a car by the South–West corner. 
“Judging from the car plate, the car wasn’t from Kingbourne. I had planned to greet Mr. Yarwood. However, the car drove away too quickly. 
“I wasn’t even able to see the car plate number. I only know that it was a white car.” 
Yvette was just making things up. 
She had seen a white car in the news and did not see anything wrong in mentioning it. 
Not to mention, there were so many cars at the South–West corner. Any car that wants to leave 
Kingbourne would have to drive through the highway there. 
She was not afraid that Theo would see through her lies. 
Theo had someone come over to record everything she said. “A white car? How many people could fit into that car? Do you remember the car model?” 
“I apologize, Mr. Yarwood Senior. I was too busy that day, so I did not see clearly. It was a four–seater. However, I am sure that Mr. Yarwood was in that white car.” 
Theo did not respond as he turned to look at his secretary. 
The secretary understood and quickly walked over to The Shadows that had been standing on the other side of the door. “Look for a white four–seater in the South–West comer. Check if there are any signs that Mr. Yarwood has been there.” 
The Yarwoods were the only aristocratic family left that still used the undead soldiers. After all, they had once been tasked with the responsibility of protecting their country. 
The undead soldiers, also known as “The Shadows,” were chosen from generation to generation and gave their absolute loyalty when protecting their master. 
Chapter 857 Yvette is a Fortune Teller 
Now that Dalton was missing, they believed they had failed their task. That was why they were standing 
outside. 
After hearing a small clue about Dalton’s whereabouts, they quickly spread out to complete the search. 
On the other end, Yvette thought Theo did not believe her. She was afraid things would not happen as she had expected them to. 
So, she said hurriedly, “Mr. Yarwood Senior, you must hurry and find Mr. Yarwood soon. Otherwise, his life might be in danger.” 
“Ms. Yates, what is the meaning behind your words? Are the abductors cruel and merciless? Or did you see something?” 
At first, Theo had his doubts about Yvette’s words. He did not forget what had happened in Southdale. Yvette was also a mentee of the Gibson family, and the Gibsons were a disgrace to the medical field. 
However, Theo was worried sick about Dalton’s safety. 
“I’m going to be honest with you, Mr. Yarwood Senior. I have a skill that ordinary people do not have.” Yvette had put on a convincing act. After all, she had been reading Margaret’s books on fortune tellers. She had also been following the things she had read to trick others. 
She continued, “I am able to discern someone’s fortune whenever I see them. Sometimes, my mind would also flash with images of what they might go through next. 
“After seeing Mr. Yarwood, I went home and saw an image of him being abducted at the South–West corner. I wasn’t sure if I should tell you about it, so I didn’t call. 
“I was afraid you would think I had other intentions.” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter858
Chapter 858 Yvette’s Fantasy 
Theo did believe that. He wouldn’t be so cautious if she had told him her price or conditions. 
He couldn’t help but feel that something was off as she had not told him everything she knew without 
wanting anything. 
After all, he remembered that Yvette had never been such a kind and simple woman. 
However, Theo did believe there were people out there who could see people’s fortune. Kaspar was a 
prime example. 
But one would need to undergo years and years of spiritual practice to reach such a high level of fortune 
telling. The only other explanation was that she was born with such powers. 
However, was Yvette born with such powers? 
If she did have such abilities, why didn’t she use them before? 
Theo was a wise man and would not be fooled so easily. 
Yvette knew this, and she had prepared ahead. “I know it sounds unbelievable for me to say such things 
now. Mr. Yarwood Senior, you could ask the Fentons if you don’t believe me. I did help them out once. 
“Mr. Yarwood Senior, I think it’s more important you find him first. Also, don’t let him sit in a white car after you find him. Use another route to drive home too. That way, the car accident will not happen.” 
With that said, Yvette ended the call. 
She had learned a lot about people after living in Havenlight County. She knew that ending the call now 
would maximize the effect of her words. 
Even if Theo didn’t believe her, he would still search the South–West corner. 
According to her memory, she remembered the news had claimed that the accident had happened in the 
South–West corner. However, she had forgotten the exact location. 
But that car accident was unavoidable. After all, the truck driver had been driving under exhaustion. It 
was only a matter of time before he knocked into someone! 
Yvette was confident. She turned to look at the pile of books by the table. 
Margaret was poor, but she had several useful things. Those books about fortune tellers had helped her greatly. 
She had even managed to make the correct guess about the Fentons and resolved the issue. 
But she didn’t quite understand the materials at the end of the books as they were too deep. 
Yvette closed a book. Forget it. It was not important for her to understand such things. The important thing at hand was slowly letting the people of Kingbourne know that she was a talented fortune teller! 
“Yve, what are you doing?” Margaret asked from the other end of the door. 
22 
Yvette said sweetly, “I’m toasting some bread for you, I know you must be starving after looking after patients the whole day!” 
Margaret then watched as Yvette brought out a plate of food. 
Her attitude softened as she said, “Don’t go in there anymore. That’s Wynter’s room. It’s inappropriate for you to enter her room when she’s not around.” 
“Oh, I just wanted to use the beautiful plate that I saw in her room,” Yvette quickly explained. She put on 
an innocent expression as tears pooled her eyes. 
Margaret quickly placed the plate back into its place and held the bread in her hands. “Logically speaking, this place isn’t mine. Wynter bought this place for me. 
“So, it’s reasonable for me to prohibit you from entering her room as even I don’t have the right to enter Wynter’s room at will. 
“If it weren’t for Wynter, I would not have the opportunity to come to Kingbourne and help people. I would have only been an annoying hag working in a massage parlor.” 
Hearing this, Yvette pretended to agree as she said, “You told me this before. I’ll remember your words.” 
Margaret also knew she was an annoying hag. So why was she still being so noisy? Wynter would have died without Margaret’s help. They had provided for her for more than 10 years. 
It was only right for her to buy Margaret a house. Just because Margaret was humble and insecure, doesn’t mean she has to act like that too! 
Yvette scoffed in her heart. She would wait until the Yarwoods managed to find Dalton according to the clues she had provided them. 
Then, she’d see who was the real favored one after all this! 
###chapter859
Chapter 859 Dalton’s Act 
The sound of the rain pattering against the rocks echoed throughout the place. 
The crow knew that Dalton had grown impatient. Otherwise, he would not have thrown one of his things outside into the rain while he was drinking his coffee 
If Sothoth wasn’t able to do what Dalton wanted him to do, then his home would probably be destroyed. 
The crow understood Dalton’s temper well. 
As expected, Dalton got tired of drinking his coffee. He stood up and looked at the glass lights that Sothoth had spent a long time collecting 
He touched them gently and the glass shattered 
Dalton looked up as his gaze landed on the innermost corner of the cave. His expression was impassive, 
yet the fog around him was like a warning for others to stay away. He looked like a God. 
“Go and unleash those souls” 
“Yes, my lord.” The crow heard the order. He spread his wings and was about to fly away when he saw 
three people coming out from the rain. 
The crow immediately recognized Wolf. He glanced at Dalton and flew away without waiting to listen for 
his orders. Then, he quickly hid his aura 
On the other hand, Dalton immediately started coughing and quickly moved into one cell that had been 
used to lock souls His cold demeanor had also disappeared 
To complete the act, he even made his suit wet. 
Hence, Wynter saw his disheveled appearance when she entered the stone cave. She couldn’t help but frown and turned to grab Sothoth’s neck. “Did you plan on taking his soul?” 
Who? 
Sothoth turned around and noticed Dalton’s appearance. Dalton was also currently standing with his food. There were even some bones by his feet 
Wait a minute! He had purposely turned on the lights before he left as he was afraid that Dalton would 
think that the cave was too humid. 
He had even brought out the ceramic plate he had gotten from the humans 100 years ago for Dalton to 
use 
Why was Dalton in his prison? 
Sothoth opened his mouth, and his expression tensed. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. Tm talking to you.” 
What should he say? Should he say that he did plan on taking Dalton’s soul? Could they not remind Dalton 
Chapter 859 Dations Ad 
of that incident? 
Sothoth shook his head hard. 
22 
Dalton coughed slightly and said, “I saw him in the alleyway. He asked me if his eyes looked like the eyes of a dragon, but I told him it didn’t look like it. Then, he forcefully brought me here!” 
Sothoth was speechless. 
Wait a minute! Wasn’t he the one who had insisted on coming here? 
“He didn’t have the opportunity to do anything to me. He probably felt the strong heavenly luck on me and was afraid of offending the heavens.” 
What? Luck? Why couldn’t he understand what Dalton was saying? 
Sothoth wanted to walk up to him, Suddenly, Dalton moved his fingers, and Sothoth felt a sharp pain in his back. His legs nearly turned numb from the pain. 
Although he couldn’t understand Dalton’s words, he understood that Dalton had given him a warning. 
Wynter had been confused as to why Dalton had not been hurt. After listening to his explanation, she turned to look at Sothoth. 
For such practitioners like Sothoth, it was indeed taboo to harm people with strong heavenly luck. After all, they were only able to ascend with the help of heavenly luck. 
Not to mention, Dalton was heaven’s chosen one. It was understandable that Sothoth didn’t dare to hurt 
him. 
“Go and open his cell,” Wynter said as she pushed Sothoth forward. 
Only then did Sothoth realize that Wynter was unusually strong! 
Chaos had been the only one who had attacked him. Wynter didn’t even do anything, so he was unsure of 
her strength. 
But now, he realized that she was a dangerous woman! 
No one should be able to push him. However, he had pushed him easily, and she had given him a sense of oppression. 
He couldn’t help but think that the sense of oppression felt oddly familiar. 
###chapter860
Chapter 860 Warning 
Sothoth was very curious regarding who Wynter had been in her past life. His eyes began to transform when he felt the wooden stick behind him move. 
Chaos was telling him that he would be eaten soon if he did not go to open the cell door. 
Sothoth did not dare to look any longer and quickly went to open the cell. 
But it was pointless for him to open the lock. With the overlord’s power, he would have been able to pop 
out easily. 
But he still did as he had been told. That was because he had realized that the situation was going much 
differently than he had expected. 
“What happened to your hand?” Wynter noticed that Dalton’s fingers were wounded. She immediately lifted his hands to take a look at the injury before turning to look at Sothoth sharply. 
othing to do with h him. 
Sothoth took a step back. She had misunderstood! That injury had nothing 
However, how could she be so daring? How could she touch Dalton’s hands? Didn’t she know that Dalton hated people like her? 
She was a dead man walking! 
However, Sothoth was stunned by what had happened next. 
The overlord who commanded death and viewed people as s had actually smiled. 
Dalton smirked and said, “It’s nothing. I must have accidentally injured it during the capture.” 
Sothoth did not understand much of human nature. He had just realized that Wynter knew the overlord and that the overload seemed to treat her very differently. 
Sothoth had heard about all kinds of rumors. One of them claimed that the overlord had made a deal with a pure soul. In the end, the overlord had ended up eating the soul. 
But the woman before her looked nothing like a pure soul. 
“Remember to disinfect it when you go home. You might get an infection with how weak your body is.” 
Not to mention, the cave was filled with bones. She also didn’t know how old the cave was, but she was sure there were a lot of bacteria around them. 
No matter the situation, Wynter was always thinking like a doctor. 
The crow hiding in the fog above shook his head. Dalton sure knew how to put on an act. 
Wolf seemed to have sensed something when the crow shook his head. He immediately reached out into the fog to grab something! 
When Wolf opened his fists, he only saw a wisp of black fog. He was confused as he tilted his head. So he reached out toward the fog again! 
Chapter 860 Waming 
This time, the crow was terrified. He did not dare to assume that he would be safe even if he didn’t change his form. 
Chaos was still the same as before. He would always be able to find something as long as it was edible. 
Wynter had also noticed Wolf’s actions. She turned and asked, “Is there something in the fog?” 
Wolf nodded as he gestured. “It’s probably a sparrow, but it managed to get away. I’ll definitely catch it 
next time and put it on the grill!” 
Now, Sothoth could also understand what Wolf had gestured. 
Dalton remained calm and did not react. 
On the other hand, the crow was furious as he was a mythical beast himself. If it weren’t for Dalton’s instructions, he would have shown himself and scolded Chaos for calling him a sparrow! 
Sothoth didn’t even dare to look up as he fiddled with his fingers. 
Two ancient beasts were currently in his cave. He was terrified that they would destroy his home with just 
a roar, 
Luckily, Wynter was smart. She had looked at the fog and said, “How could there be a sparrow in the fog? Birds won’t come to such a place. Unless-” 
She turned to Sothoth and asked, “Are there any other monsters living here?” 
“How could that be possible?” 
Under Dalton’s cold gaze, Sothoth quickly denied the possibility and said, “I’m about to ascend to become a fully–fledged dragon. 
“Those little monsters would run away if they saw me. No one would dare to come here!” 
###chapter861
Chapter 861 Something Wrong With Yvette 
With that said, Sothoth was afraid Wynter would not belleve him. 
So, he quickly added, “I’ve already eaten most of the monsters at the South–West corner They can help with my ascension too. I need the energy to ascend into a full–fledged dragon after all.” 
“ynter nodded and said impassively, “Then I should just kill you to protect our environment.” 
Sothoth immediately tensed up when he heard Wynter’s words. He turned to Dalton for help, but Dalton wasn’t even looking at him. 
Wynter held Dalton’s hands and walked ahead. Their posture seemed natural as she walked quickly. 
Dalton followed behind her. There was a sense of nobility around him, but he wasn’t able to hide the smile on his face. Dalton was filled with power as he managed to light up the bulbs as he passed them. 
However, Wynter was walking ahead, and she was focused on the souls that had been locked away. 
No wonder they couldn’t leave. It wasn’t just because Sothoth was with them, but the Soul Brace Charm was also playing a part in it. 
Wynter knew that this was the work of someone in her field. Her gaze darkened as she pulled out the card. Then, she took the document bag from Sothoth and drew a talisman. 
Only then did the souls before them seem to awake from their slumber. Their empty eyes were now filled with light, but they immediately paled as they looked around the room. 
Wynter said, “All of you are employees of a TV station nearby. All of your brains have become muddled after suffering from a high fever for several days. 
“Your families would believe that you’ve all lost your minds if you don’t return home now. Follow this man here and go back to where you came from.” 
Hearing this, the souls seemed to have come to a realization as they thanked Wynter. 
However, the man Wynter had mentioned seemed slightly hesitant. After a few moments, he took a step toward the summoning talisman. 
His soul belonged to the body that Sothoth had used during his transformation to become a human. He was much different than the other souls here. He had not been tricked here. Instead, he had been used as a sacrificial offering. 
Wynter had also noticed that there was something different about the man. She looked at Sothoth and noticed his regretful expression, 
While the man wasn’t paying attention to her, she quickly snapped a photo of him and sent it to Abel. 
“Find his identity and everyone related to him, especially those who had been cozying up to him recently. Then, send me everything you find.” 
Abel quickly replied, “Boss, don’t worry. I’ll find everything quickly!” 
Chapter 861 Something Wrong With Yvette 
22 
After that, he sent another message. “But there’s something I think you need to pay attention to, boss. Yvette has been growing closer to Margaret lately. 
“Also, I don’t know what she did, but she managed to get the Fentons to pick her up. I doubt it’s because 
of her medical skills. 
“Not to mention, her medical skills have always been poor. She wasn’t even comparable to mine some 
time back. 
“But she seemed to have done something as she suddenly understands acupuncture now. She’s even using the old techniques. I feel like there is something odd about her. 
“She doesn’t do anything that does not benefit her. She’s gotten the Fentons‘ support, and she might be aiming for another family in the top four most prestigious families. I’m afraid that she might be aiming to 
ruin you. 
Before Wynter returned to Kingbourne, he knew everything that Yvette had done. Wynter’s reputation had been in the dirt because Yvette had been spreading rumors about her. 
Yvette would also use all sorts of tricks to gain men’s attention, including the attention of his stupid little 
brother, Quinton. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading 
###chapter862
Chapter 862 Soul Locked 
Quinton was always bad–mouting Wynter. It was all because of Yvette, who instigated things behind the scenes. Of course, it also had to do with Quinton’s bad judgment of people. 
Luckily, he came to his senses. His grandfather, Victor, took him under his wing to educate him. 
Now, all Quinton would talk about was how amazing Wynter was and how he was going to work hard to be as great as her. He was a total fan of hers, especially after he saw the TV show and found out that the heroic spirits were rescued. He had nothing but admiration for Wynter. 
Yvette was not scary at all. The only thing Abel worried about was that she would create trouble and destroy Wynter’s fortune. 
After all, many people liked bitches like her. Besides, Abel slowly came to realize that Yvette was not just a simple bitch. Many inexplicable strange things were happening to her. 
Whenever he thought that she could no longer stand back up anymore, she would pop right back up. How on earth did she get the Fenton family to treat her like a VIP? Abel was curious about this. 
Of course, this was also the first thing Wynter noticed when she received the message. 
The Fenton family had no shortage of famous doctors. None of them were seriously sick either. If Yvette were to rely 
on her medical skills, she would never be able to get close to them. 
As for the other thing, Wynter had noticed it a long time ago. She also got someone to keep an eye on Yvette. She just did not have the time to deal with it at that moment. 
From her point of view, as long as Yvette kept to herself and did not cause her any trouble, Wynter would let her stay with her grandmother to care for her. After all, old people always hoped that they had their family members close by looking after them. 
This was also something Wynter found out only when she returned to the Quinnell family and met Fabian. This was why Wynter did not fully get rid of Yvette. This was not her style of doing things. 
But, of course, this was under the preface of Yvette being good as well. If she was still causing trouble like she did in Southdale, Wynter would have to do something about it. 
“Okay, I understand. Please keep an eye on her too. Let me know if you have any news.” 
Once Yvonne sent the message, she looked at the middle–aged man who refused to leave. She raised her hand and tugged him down. 
Her gaze darkened. “Usually, unless one willingly offered to be sacrificed, their souls would not be in a Soul Lock Formation. I know you can hear me. If you don’t want to return, I’ll just make you vanish right on the spot. Are you going to leave or not?” 
The middle–aged man’s arm hurt from Wynter’s tugging. Sothorth the water dragon noticed it too. He subconsciously looked at Wynter’s lucky coin. He then realized that Wynter did not even use any Incantation! 
Chapter 862 Soul Locked 
Could ordinary fortune tellers do that? The last time Sothoth met someone like that was when he was still 
sealed! 
Sothoth looked flustered and met Dalton’s gaze. He saw the warning in Dalton’s eyes, and he did not dare to think about who Wynter could be anymore. 
The people who worshiped him this time had made a mistake. 
The middle–aged man indeed reacted. He seemed like he was in terrible pain. “I’m useless. I would rather be dead. At least when I’m dead I can protect my daughter. I don’t want to go back! Do you understand?” 
He hugged his head and squatted on the floor. He said with a hoarse voice, “Even if I vanish today, I don’t want to return. Only by staying here can I avenge my daughter. Do you think those people are innocent? 
“It’s one thing for them to verbally abuse me all day and call me useless, but they even talked about my daughter! They said that she was a loner, which was why she ended 
that way. up 
“Those people deserve to die!” 
When the man looked up, his gaze was filled with resentment! Even Wynter could do nothing about 
###chapter863
Chapter 863 An Honorable Man 
In addition to resentment, that man also had two rare Defensive Shields. One came from himself. The 
other one came from an unborn spirit who passed away and used up their fortune to give him protection. 
Previously, the Soul Brace Charm was there, so Wynter did not notice it. At that moment, she saw a faint 
golden glow around him underneath the resentment. 
She pointed at him and asked, “Were you a soldier once?” 
“So what if I was? I don’t even get basic respect! They deserve to die! Everyone who bullied my daughter 
deserved to die!” The man would not calm down at all. 
The Soul Brace Charm suddenly shimmered. Clearly, the resentment from the man was its energy source. 
Wynter let go of the man. Not everyone would get Defensive Shields just because they joined the army. Therefore, this man was not only a soldier once, but he also did something good. 
Wynter truly did not want to make a person like him vanish. She held the squirming Soul Brace Charm in her right hand. Then, she bit her finger and drew on it. 
The Soul Brace Charm accepted her blood and stopped vibrating. The other souls looked at each other. 
They knew that if they wanted to return home, they had to rely on Wynter. They went up to her and yelled, Master, we beg you! Please save us! Budd Wilson has gone mad! He wants everyone killed.” 
Wynter knew how to read faces. She just needed a few glances at them to know if they were good or bad. 
However, the souls did not know this. They thought they might be able to get out of this by begging Wynter. They simply pushed all the blame to Budd, the middle–aged man. 
“He’s really abnormal. Even his boss has told him to have a look at his brain.” 
“In the office, we all know that he is mentally unstable. We would never dare to approach him.” 
“Just because he had a tough life, he wanted to drag us down with him. He even went to the school to make a fuss. Master, you have to believe us. We all have wives and children. We can’t afford to mess with a lunatic. I beg you, let us go. If he wants an apology, we will give it to him!” 
Wynter interrupted them and asked, “So, what did you do to make him want an apology?” Her words seemed to have cast a silent spell over them. 
The souls never thought that Wynter would be standing up for Budd. They also never expected that she would ask them what they had done. 
They looked at each other, trying to push someone out to speak on their behalf. 
Wynter’s gaze swept over them. “Speak up. What did you all do?” 
“W- We just… said something wrong.” One of the souls looked away shiftily. “We weren’t the only ones talking about that incident. Everyone was doing it too. We were just following along. 
Chapter 663 An Honorable Mani, 
“Yes, yes.” Another soul nodded. “Master, if he wants an apology, we’ll apologize to him right now.” 
“Right now?” Budd flashed an ugly smile. He looked at the souls murderously. “It’s too late!” 
The souls had left their bodies when they arrived there. They had no energy at all, unlike Budd. 
They could sense the disparity in strength between him and themselves. Budd pounced on one of them and started strangling him. That person’s feet were off the ground, and his face started to turn blue. He 
looked at Wynter. “M- Mas… ter…” 
###chapter864
Chapter 864 Punishment Fits the Crime 
He reached his hands out. That soul did not understand why Wynter did not stop Budd like before. Instead, she allowed him to harm others? 
Budd also realized this. He turned to look at Wynter. “Are you not going to stop me? Didn’t you say that if I was not going to return home, you’d make me vanish?” 
“That was before,” Wynter said nonchalantly. “I am usually more understanding toward honorable people. I can let you exact your revenge, then make you vanish. But it isn’t worth it to waste all your merits on just a few puny people.” 
Budd seemed to be pondering over what she said. His resentment lightened a little, and he relaxed his grip. He said with reddened eyes, “They’re not innocent.” 
“I know they’re not.” Wynter looked at him. “What I’m trying to say is they are not the ones who bullied your daughter. If you kill them, you’ll be making a huge mistake.” 
The soul who was under Budd’s hands immediately added, “Master is right. Budd, we were wrong. We should not have blabbed on the internet. We shouldn’t have treated you badly either. Since we’re all colleagues, please have mercy and spare me!” 
Budd’s gaze darkened. “You’re not really remorseful. You’re just scared.” 
“No. Budd. Trust me, I…” The soul looked more and more terrified because he was the one who had 
bullied Budd the most. 
Budd wanted to strangle him to death right on the spot. A person like him did not deserve to live. However, he was still thinking about what Wynter said to him. 
Budd said, “I can’t find out who were the culprits who bullied my daughter. I only know that they were twisting the facts.” 
“I’ll help you look into it.” Wynter handed her business card to Budd. “No matter who it was, I’ll hand them over to you and you can deal with them yourself.” 
Budd looked at the business card before looking back at Wynter. “You’re the newly appointed executive CEO of the Quinnell Group?” 
Wynter nodded. She said calmly, “If you believe me, you’ll return to your body first. You can’t stay out of your body for too long. 
“Besides, with you being an offering here, not only the people that you hate would be punished, but Innocent people would also be dragged down. 
“It’s one thing if the dragon chain lock is ruined, but if the seal has been destroyed, it would affect the dragon fortune. Somewhere, a natural disaster is happening. 
“Humans are nothing when a natural disaster strikes. I’m sure you don’t want ordinary folk to suffer just because of your reckless decision, right?” 
Chapter 864 Punishment Fits the Crime 
2/2 
“I never wanted to harm anyone!” Budd immediately let the soul go, and his face turned pale. “I just want the truth and justice.” 
Wynter looked at him. “I know. Just like you said, these people here are not innocent. When you return, if they still do not change their ways… Sothoth, come here.” 
Sothoth immediately replied, “Yes.” 
*These are your offerings. You can eat them whenever you want.” Wynter ignored the horror on the souls‘ faces. “There is no use letting unrepentant people live.” 
Sothoth looked at Dalton. There was no response from him. Sothoth looked at Wynter once more and asked, “This isn’t appropriate, right? They just need to be taught a lesson-” 
“If you don’t want to eat them, fine,” Wynter interrupted Sothoth. “My brother here is craving water dragon meat anyway.” 
Sothoth was utterly speechless. 
###chapter865
Chapter 865 Trust in the Quinnell Family 
“Okay! I’ll eat them! Let’s talk it out. It’s just eating a few people. I can do it! Once they return, I’ll head over to their homes and keep watch on them!” Sothoth was trying to show that he was not a useless piece of 
trash! 
The souls were horrified when they heard what Sothoth said, but Wynter ignored them. Instead, she 
looked at Budd. “When you wake up tomorrow, head over to Quinnell Group to look for me. Are you happy 
with this outcome?” 
Budd paused for a while. “I trust the Quinnell family.” Then, he headed to the Soul Command Formation. The resentment lingering in the air halved almost instantly. 
After Budd left, the other souls could finally move. They obviously did not want to stay there a second longer. They disappeared as quickly as they could. 
Peace was finally restored. The dark clouds were not as heavy as before. The skies in the city cleared up 
once again. 
“The rain finally stopped.” 
The women in the market did not like the constant rain. Besides, if it continued to rain, the river at the South–West corner would overflow and flood many homes. If the floodgates broke as well, it would be 
even worse. 
All these catastrophes were actually Sothoth’s doing. Wynter got Sothoth to head to the river to rectify 
the problem. 
Sothoth was different from a snake. Even before he evolved into a dragon, he had spiritual energy. The problems of rivers and lakes belonged to him. 
Sothoth had a terrible reputation among the people there. None of them would have thought that one day, he would do good for them. 
He swam across the river peacefully. Wherever he swam, more fish would appear in the river. The river would also flow more smoothly. 
Sothoth did not expect this to happen. Not only did he not get to eat the offerings that he caught with much difficulty, but he also had to slave away on the riverbed! 
Although doing this took less than 20 minutes, Sothoth was truly exhausted. He had used up most of his 
spiritual energy. 
He laid on a rock nearby, panting. He had not worked out for a long time, not to mention the fact that he had gotten fat from eating too much. 
“Master, what do you think of this now?” Sothoth asked as he was about to get up. “Those people should be waking up soon. I’ll go and check on them.” 
Wynter held her lucky coin in her hand. “Hold up.” 
Chapter 865 Trust in the Quinnell Family 
Sothoth did not understand why Wynter was asking him to wait, but he did not dare to disobey her. “Is there something else?” 
“Who has been worshiping you? What is their goal?” Wynter looked at him. 
Sothoth responded, “Ah.” He looked around before looking right at Dalton. 
Wynter saw where he was looking. She raised an eyebrow. “My fiancé?” 
Fiancé? Sothoth was baffled. Although he had come on land not long ago and had also been on the internet, he still found it hard to accept that Dalton, his master, was engaged to another person! That person was also a cultivator! 
Could this be one of Dalton’s tactics? After all, to get a soul to make a pact and give themselves fully, they had to make the other person fall in love with them first! 
Sothoth’s mind was in a mess. 
Wynter asked, “Did that person let you out to come at my fiancé?” 
“Yes, but I’m regretting it now.” Sothoth was reacting according to Dalton’s expression. “He is just a brainless old cultivator. He even said that if I helped him with this, he would help me to evolve into a 
dragon. 
“He gave 
gave me quite a few offerings in the past. I used to ignore him. If it weren’t for his offering this time that helped me break the dragon lock chain, I would not have partnered with someone like him.” 
###chapter866
Chapter 866 Take You Home 
Wynter asked, “Since you did not complete what he asked you to do, what are you planning to do next?” 
Sothoth was a little confused. What did she mean? 
You 
two had a pact. Since you’ve broken it, there will be consequences,” Wynter explained. “If you don’t believe me, have a look at your claws.” 
Sothoth lowered his head and saw the skin on his claws starting to crack. He widened his eyes in fear. It’s cracking! That bastard tricked me!” 
Wolf thought that Sothoth was making a huge deal out of this. It was only a little skin–cracking. There was no need to react so hugely to it. 
He was going to wait until the day Wynter no longer needed Sothoth. He would make a good meal out of Sothoth then! There was no need to heal the wound! He could just sprinkle some salt over it to marinate! 
Sothoth was in despair. He looked at Wynter. “Master, help me!” 
“Okay. Be my spirit companion then. Join a pact with me,” Wynter said slowly. “You saw it yourself just 
now. I’m a billionaire CEO in this world. I’m much better than that person hiding in the dark ordering you 
around. I’m guessing he isn’t as rich as me.” 
Sothoth started to ponder Wynter’s offer. 
Wynter continued, “As for him…” Her gaze darkened. “Once you’re done helping me, I’ll help you kill him. That would not be breaking the pact. He can’t do anything about it.” 
“Master! I’ll be your spirit companion!” Sothoth reached his claws out. “Are there any requirements needed for me to be a spirit companion? Is there a ceremony of some sort? What do you need me to do?” 
Wynter replied, “You should willingly make a blood pact. The process is simple. There are no 
requirements.” 
“Does that mean I’ll be on the same level as Chaos in the future?” Sonoth asked Wynter in a whisper. 
Wynter immediately understood what he was saying. “He will not eat anyone working for me.” 
“I’ll make the blood pact right away!” Sonoth bit his claws immediately, worried that Wynter might regret 
her decision. 
Wynter smiled and patted him on the head, placing a print on him. 
Dalton was looking at the scene unfolding before him nearby. Wynter looked more like a sales promoter rather than someone trying to get a spirit companion. She sure knew how to con monsters. 
Wolf was also next to him watching Wynter. He gestured, “Do I need to make a 
blood pact too?” 
“You?” Dalton looked at him and said, “I’m afraid it would be quite hard.” 
Wolf cocked his head and produced a QR code of his own. “Please pay up. The labor cost for Boss and 
Chapter 866 Take You Home 
me to come and rescue you.” 
Dalton threw a glass marble at him. “This will do.” 
Wolf loved shiny, glimmering things. He immediately placed it in his black bag. 
20 
At the same time, the souls returned to their bodies. Although they were still having high fevers, they had stopped yelling. Their families were very relieved. 
Budd’s wife had been by his side. She wiped away her tears and held his hand. She sighed in relief. Wynter did not make Dalton stay in the cave for a long time. 
She had modified her BMW Tomahawk. Upon her command, it would be able to locate her right away. Sonath, who had made a blood pact with Wynter, happily went to work! 
Wolf was dealing with the aftermath in the cave. There were many treasures in them, and he was not going to miss out! 
346 
On top of that, there was still resentment lingering around. He had to purify the surroundings and find the two Soul Brace Charms and destroy them! 
Dalton was standing by the banks of the river. He looked at the modified BMW Tomahawk and raised an eyebrow. Before he could say anything, Wynter threw a helmet at him in one swift motion. 
“Hop on. I’ll take you home.” 
###chapter867
Chapter 867 Fate From Past Life 
Dalton had never ridden a BMW Tomahawk before. He usually preferred cars. He lifted one leg over the motorcycle, looking a little perplexed. 
Wynter noticed how unfamiliar he was with getting on the motorcycle. She reached her hand out and pulled him up. Then, she put his hand around her waist. 
“Hold on tight. I go fast.” 
Wynter’s hair smelled nice. Dalton smiled. 
As the engine roared to life, Dalton held onto Wynter’s waist tightly. He breathed in her scent. It was not like any of the commercial perfumes made his head hurt. She smelled like the air after the rain on a refreshing spring day. 
While waiting for the light to turn green, Dalton looked down to see Wynter’s exposed waist. His gaze darkened, and his grip on her tightened. 
Wynter did not understand. She turned her head and raised an eyebrow, seemingly asking him what the 
issue was. 
Dalton chuckled. He went in closer to her ear and asked, “What are you planning to do with those men?” 
“With Sothoth around, they can’t escape.” Wynter maintained her speed. 
Dalton was musing to himself about how she must have forgotten how she used to like tying someone in bed. He wondered if she still liked such a thing in this life. Dalton smiled with a gleam in his eyes. 
At the same time, the Yarwood family’s bodyguards arrived at the South–West corner. They had set up roadblocks on every road so that they could check every single car, 
The news of Dalton going missing could not stay hidden for long. Theo could only try to buy more time, but there were more and more people visiting him. 
Some even wanted to report on this matter, all because they wanted a share of credit on this piece of news. Theo realized this too, but he remained as calm as possible. 
“Send word out. Thank everyone for being so concerned about the Yarwood family. We are currently busy, but in three days, I’ll pay every one of them a visit.” 
Theo was not joking about this. How dare they try to mess with the Yarwood family? The Yarwood family was still standing strong. 
“Yes, sir, I’ll send the message at once,” 
When the nosy people heard about it, they were indeed a little more hesitant. It was not that they did not want in on this huge plece of news. It was just that they did not dare to report about it. 
They were afraid that if they reported it wrongly, and that Dalton was not missing in the end, they would 
Chapter 867 Fate From Past Life 
end up offending both Dalton and the Yarwood family. 
The media knew how ruthless Dalton could be. Previously, an online media account created rumors about Dalton’s choice of women and the family’s bad dealings. 
After that, that account was completely shut down. The person behind the account was also sent to jail. Therefore, this time, no one dared to do anything. 
A few other companies, on the other hand, wanted to test their luck. Theo knew that he could not hide. this matter for much longer. The safest way to stop everything was to quickly locate his grandson. For that, they even got Yvette over. 
“Ms. Yates, are you sure that Mr. Yarwood will appear at the South–West corner?” 
Recalling the news she saw in her past life, she nodded confidently. “I’m sure of it. There are a lot of trucks there, right? I’ve never been there before but I still know about this. This is what my powers tell me.” 
###chapter868
Chapter 868 Wynter to the Rescue 
The bodyguards did not doubt Yvette because they had already looked into her previously. The info they got stated that she had indeed not been in the South–West corner, 
Mortimer, the Yarwood family’s butler, had also verified that the things Yvette said matched the videos. sent by the Shadows. 
However, they still could not find Dalton. They had stopped every white car to check. Dalton was nowhere to be found. 
Theo did not fully believe Yvette, but what she said may be a possibility. He still had to be on guard. He was pacing around in his study with his walking cane when he suddenly realized something. 
“If an accident were to happen, the problem isn’t the white car. It should be the truck. Go and have a look once more at truck drivers!” 
The roadblocks on the roads increased. A truck driver, Jeff Chausson, was feeling increasingly distressed. He had been drinking. He did not want anyone to find out. 
The road he was on was usually very empty. What was happening that day? 
Jeff sprayed some air freshener in his truck to cover the alcohol smell. Thankfully, the people by the roadblock were only checking on cars. He would be able to pass through without any problems. 
The problem was that he still had to return the same way. He decided to deal with it when the time came. After all, they were only looking into cars. They would not check on him. At that thought, he felt much 
calmer. 
However, on his way back, he realized that things were not how he imagined it to be. All the vehicles were stopped and checked. They were even looking at trucks like his. 
He anxiously lit a cigarette. Right at this moment, a heavyweight motorcycle stopped next to him on his 
left. 
He hated those motorcycles the most as they constantly swerved around on the road, cutting him off. 
The driver of the motorcycle turned to look at him. Her leg touched the ground while she took off her 
helmet. She was looking at him. 
Through the window, Jeff looked at the lady and said, “Mind your own damn business.” 
He thought that she was looking at him because he was smoking, not knowing that Wynter could see so 
much more. 
Some people were born with good fortune and did a lot of good deeds. Some people, on the other hand, were just downright evil. 
This evil was not because they wanted something, or they wanted to take down someone. The evil stemmed from their jealousy of other people living a better life than them. They would also push the 
blame for their mistakes onto other people. 
Chapter 858 Wynter to the Rescue 
Some old women were a good example. The things they said and did were absolutely vile. The man in front of Wynter was just like that. He had no salvageable quality at all. 
But that was not the important thing. The important thing was that he was oozing dark and bloody energy. 
The moment Wynter noticed the dark energy, she could hear wails and cries for help. There was also a young lady lying listlessly on the ground. Her eyes filled with tears. 
Wynter shut her eyes. When she opened them once more, her eyes were fixed on Jeff. Jeff was annoyed by her stares. Since there was a roadblock ahead, he was going to use a different route. 
However, Wynter immediately drove forward and stopped him! 
###chapter869
Chapter 869 Wynter Arrests Jeff 
Jeff’s eyes reddened with fury. He rolled the window down. 
He was about to yell at Wynter when she asked, “What is that smell?” 
Jeff looked shifty. “What smell? Young lady, do you know how to drive or what? You’re in my way!” 
A commotion like this would surely attract nearby attention, not to mention that they were by a roadblock. Cars were lining up behind them waiting to leave. 
A driver rolled his window down and said, “Dude, manage your girlfriend. Tell her not to cause a scene here. She’s lucky there’s a roadblock here. Does she know how dangerous that is?” 
Dalton took off his helmet. “She’s trying to save all of you.” Then, he looked at the driver. “You should thank her instead.” 
The driver shook his head. “You’re so good–looking, but you don’t have any brains at all.” 
A little boy was seated behind the driver, “Daddy, who are you talking to? When will we be by the beach?” “Soon, babe.” The mother tried to comfort the little boy. 
They looked like a nice family. However, when Wynter turned her head, she saw the little boy by the side of a burning car. His leg was stuck between the car doors. His head was bleeding. 
Soon, Wynter realized that this was what was going to happen next. Was this accident all because of the truck driver? 
When Wynter looked at Jeff once more, he could no longer control the hostile aura in him. He opened the door and jumped out of his truck. “Did you not hear me? Move aside!” 
Some men got violent as soon as you disobeyed them and looked like a weak person. 
Jeff reached out his hand, about to grab Wynter’s collar. But before he could lay his hand on Wynter, Dalton grabbed him by the wrist. 
He looked at Jeff condescendingly and said icily, “Sir, if you have something to say to my fiancée, you can do so politely.” 
Crack! 
“Ouch!” Jeff knelt with one knee on the ground. His face paled. He never thought that a gentle–looking young man would be so strong. 
Was his hand broken? Jeff’s eye’s widened in horror. His lips were the same shade as his face. 
Dalton realized that he did not control his strength well. He looked at Wynter, thinking about how to explain this to her. 
“Boss!” It was the Shadows of the Yarwood family. They had collaborated with the police to set up the roadblocks. 
Chapter 869 Wynter 
They would have surely noticed the commotion. They never expected that Dalton would be there with another truck driver kneeling in front of him on the ground. 
If the media had gotten hold of this scene, many would think that the rich were bullying the poor. Some had indeed taken photos. 
The Shadows had been trying hard to find out which white car Dalton would be in. What was going on? 
Wynter swept over her surroundings before walking up to a police officer. 
“Code name 001 here. The man that Mr. Yarwood apprehended is most likely someone driving under the influence of alcohol. Plus, he probably has some other murder charges against him. You can have a 
check.” 
###chapter870
Chapter 870 The Amazing Wynter 
001 was the secret leader who led the Top Unit to investigate the chapel in Swinford. They all knew who she was, but they kept her identity a secret. 
The police officer was shocked to hear what Wynter said, but he did not hesitate one bit. He immediately started looking into Jeff. 
Jeff indeed had consumed alcohol. No driver would dare to drive in such a drunken state. Moreover, he 
was smuggling gas too. This would be extremely dangerous if anything were to happen! 
When the drivers found out what had happened, they were horrified. 
“Daddy, what happened?” the little boy looked at how terrified his father looked and asked in confusion. 
“Nothing. We’ve just met an angel.” 
If it were not for Wynter stopping Jeff, he would still be following the truck for quite a distance. He remembered a junction in front where accidents often happened. No one would want to get into an accident. Thank God for that young lady! 
Jeff was still denying it. “I don’t know that I still smell of alcohol. Sir, I was drinking last night. I’ll pay the 
fine, but you can’t arrest me. That guy broke my hand. He should be the one you arrest!” 
“You drank last night?” Wynter exposed him for his lies. “There’s a bottle of vodka next to your seat. You also sprayed some air freshener to cover the smell of alcohol. 
“Also, as long as you have done something, you’ll leave a trail, even if it’s in some place that no one cant 
see.” 
Then, Wynter showed him her phone. It was a photo of a little girl. She was quite mentally challenged. She was lying on the ground on a patch of grass. Her family did not really care about her. 
Even after reporting it to the police, there had not been any news. There were not many surveillance 
cameras in such a rural area. 
When Jeff saw the photo of the little girl, he looked terrified. He stumbled a few steps backward. The police immediately determined him to be a suspect from his reaction! 
This was a case that had gone cold for many years. They had finally caught the culprit! The police officer 
had to give it to 001. She was truly amazing! 
Furthermore, the police did not bring their sniff dogs today. Jeff did not really reek much of alcohol as well. All their focus was placed on white cars and searching for Dalton. 
If they had let this truck go and an accident had happened, they would surely feel guilty! 
“Ms. Quinnell, it’s all thanks to you. How did you realize that something was off with him?” 
Jeff truly did not look like the criminal that they had seen in the past. He looked like an honest man. Not to mention he was in his truck. The fact that 001 could sense something was truly mind–blowing. 
Chapter 470 The Amazing Wynter 
37. 
The fact that 001 was Ms. Wynter Quinnell, the heiress from the great Quinnell family, was indeed quite 
surprising. 
However, upon closer thought, it made sense too since she was also there at the chapel incident. The police officer wanted to know her secret. 
Wynter could not possibly tell him that she relied on her fortune–telling skills. She thought for a while before replying, “Instincts“. Then, she put on her helmet. 
She did not understand why Dalton would insist on getting on her motorcycle when he had a car that he could get in. A row of luxurious cars following behind her was truly a sight to behold. 
At the same time over at the Yarwood family… 
“Mr. 
“Mr. Yarwood Senior! Mr. Yarwood has been found!” 
###chapter871
Chapter 871 They Believed Yvette 
1/2 
Chapter 871 They Believed Yvette 
Mortimer, who was always calm and composed, ran in frantically with the phone in his hand. He looked at Theo with joy on his face. 
A few other CEOs from companies that collaborated with the Yarwood family were there as well. They wanted to pry in on Dalton’s whereabouts. When they heard what Mortimer said, they looked alarmed! 
Did they not say that they could not even locate the kidnapper? How was Dalton found already so quickly? They looked at each other, worriedly anticipating how Theo was going to react. 
If Dalton was truly missing, they were going to adjust their prices in business with the Yarwood family. Of course, they would not dare to confront Theo head–on, but they could still secretly do something behind 
his back. 
This was the reason why they were so eager to be there to find out any news. 
At that moment, they regretted their reckless decision to go to the Yarwoods‘ mansion. They wondered if 
they were still able to leave. 
Yvette, on the other hand, was looking smug! She was a little worried when there had not been any news 
about Dalton. She was finally relieved. 
She clearly remembered that the accident happened in the South–West corner. It was constantly raining. and the chains of the bridge snapped. She even remembered seeing oil tanks scattered across… 
Yvette did not pay any attention to the details. She only knew that many people had died in this accident. She had said all this in front of those CEOs too. 
Now that Dalton had been found, the CEOs looked at Yvette with greed in their eyes. Unlike Theo, who was truly worried sick, the others there had their own ulterior motives. 
Theo grabbed Mortimer’s hand while holding onto his walking stick with the other hand. “Where is he? Is 
he hurt?” 
“He is on his way back,” Mortimer answered truthfully. “The Shadows said that he is doing well. He only caught a little cold from the rain.” 
Theo asked, “What about the accident?” 
“The accident did not happen.” Mortimer looked at Yvette. “Mr. Yarwood was indeed found in the South- 
West corner. 
“I think it was because we had set up roadblocks, so we stopped and checked all trucks 
that were carrying oil tanks. But we will have to wait for Mr. Yarwood to return to know the details.” 
There was no need to wait for Dalton’s return at all! This was exactly what Yvette had predicted! 
No one would have thought that Dalton would be found at the South–West corner, not to mention that the other details about the trucks and the oil tanks matched exactly what Yvette had said. 
From the TV station building to the South–West corner was one end of the city to the other. The Yarwood 
Chapter 871 They Beloved Yvette 
family must have checked everywhere since they had troops of bodyguards, but no one found anything. 
There were surveillance cameras sprinkled all over Kingbourne. If Dalton were to head to the South–West corner, he would surely be picked up by one of the cameras. 
Yet, Yvette had predicted that he was right there. The most unbelievable thing was that she managed to 
rescue him in the nick of time! 
The CEOs initially wanted to leave, but they risked it to try to talk up Yvette. 
“Young lady, you’re really amazing! I’ve seen many fortune tellers before, but none are as accurate as you. 
My family hasn’t been doing well lately, could I invite you over to have a reading?” 
When one of the CEOs spoke, the others immediately chimed in too. 
Chapter 872 The Higher You Fly the Harder You Fall 
###chapter872
Chapter 872 The Higher You Fly the Harder You Fall 
“Dude, don’t you know who you’re talking to? That’s no young lady. She is the great Ms. Yates who did a reading for the Fentons.” 
“So you’re Ms. Yates!” 
The CEOs had gotten all excited. 
“To be honest with you, I’ve always wanted to know you, Ms. Yates. But the Fenton family are tight–lipped about you. They were not willing to reveal your identity. 
“I’m really fortunate to have met you here! My company needs some fortune–telling as well. I’m not poor like the others here. I’ll pay you a million dollars to do a reading for me.” 
“I’ll pay you two million! Ms. Yates, please do mine first. Mine is more urgent.” 
Yvette, who was surrounded by them, looked calm and aloof, even if she was enjoying the feeling of being 
adored. 
She had never forgotten the reason why she failed in the past was because she was too humble. No matter how great her medical skills were, she could not do anything. Those rich heirs and heiresses all looked down on her and did not think that she deserved to be on an equal level with them. 
Wynter was nowhere as great as her. Just because Wynter had become the heiress to the Quinnell family, she had destroyed all her connections which she had worked so hard to maintain in Kingbourne. 
Thankfully, she had reincarnated! Wynter was silly to think that that was the end of her! 
She could not wait to see how great that bitch of an heiress to the Quinnell family was! Besides, the Yarwood family had just become indebted to her, seeing that she had rescued their heir. 
Yvette believed that within a day, all of Kingbourne would hear about her amazing feat. By then, all the wealthy people would come crawling to her, begging her to do a reading for them. 
The Quinnell family would be nothing then. She would have all the connections in the world. 
Furthermore, the CEOs would have to be respectful to her. Perhaps, the Quinnell family would even have 
to bow down to her. 
The more Yvette thought about it, the more delighted she was. She said in a feigned, gentle, and kind tone, “I’m really sorry. I’ve already spent all my energy doing a reading for the Yarwood family. Luckily, everything turned out alright and Mr. Yarwood is fine. 
“I’m sure you would understand that fortune telling takes up a lot of energy from the fortune teller, which is why I only do one reading every three days. I also only do feadings for people that I know. I hope you understand.” 
She sounded so convincing the other CEOs immediately trusted her. Yvette had learned this from the 
internet. 
She even heard that there was an amazing fortune teller who had never once shown their face. They 
Chapter 872 The Highet You Fly the Harder You FaR 
would only do fortune–telling once a month. 
Yvette wanted to follow in the footsteps of this fortune teller. The more exclusive she made herself seem to be, the more in–demand she would be. 
Another important thing was that she did not know everybody’s fate. She only remembered them if they had appeared on the news or social media in her past life. 
Of course, she also remembered big incidents, such as how property prices would drop, and gold prices 
would increase in the future. 
Yvette believed that she could rely on these things that she knew, plus the fortune–telling books that she had read. This was enough to make those men revere her. 
What she thought proved to be true. Those CEOS were flattering her to no end. 
“Yes, of course, Ms. Yates! What you say is right!” 
Another person chimed in, “Yes! You have to be careful who to choose to do a reading on since this could affect your fortune. Could you help us to do a reading on our company first?” 
###chapter873
Chapter 873 Delusional 
This was the first time that Yvette had heard that doing too much fortune–telling would affect one’s fortune. She had to be careful and learn more about it. 
Theo had mixed feelings when he saw Yvette surrounded by all those people. 
He admitted that he had indeed had some prejudice when Yvette looked for him initially. After all, the Incident at Southdale was true. 
The Gibsons, a family of doctors, had no regard for human life. They treated patients as if they were experiments. As Yvette was their student, Theo had no choice but to be cautious of her. 
If she could predict a family’s fate, why did she not predict what would happen to the Gibson family? 
There were too many discrepancies. Theo only got her to come over because he was worried. There was no one else who knew better where Dalton was than the kidnappers. Since Yvette was so confident where Dalton was, she had to have known something. 
However, at that moment, not only was Dalton rescued, but even the trucks, oil tanks, and drunk driver were predicted accurately by Yvette… 
Theo was a grateful person. Even though he was suspicious, he kindly went over to Yvette and said, “I’m really sorry for doubting you, Ms. Yates. The Yarwood family owes you a favor. In the future, if you need anything, just let us know. The Yarwood family will come to your assistance. Mortimer, go get the check.” 
The check was most likely going to be a huge amount. Theo clearly wanted to pay Yvette back. 
Yvette said, “Mr. Yarwood Senior, my sister is marrying into the Yarwood family soon. We will soon be a 
family. How could I accept money from you?” 
In reality, Yvette was thrilled. She knew that Theo had never trusted her, nor would he cave in if she put on 
the pity act. 
He had been on his guard from the very beginning. At that point, she guessed he was completely on her 
side. 
Yvette believed that this 
was something that would happen sooner or later. No one could resist the temptation of predicting the future. 
She could not have been Dalton’s savior back in Southdale previously, but she had it all back now. 
Upon thinking of Dalton, Yvette was annoyed. What right did Wynter have to marry such a great guy? Ever since she could recall, she was the one who was supposed to be his one true love! 
Yvette smiled sweetly before pretending to furrow her brows in worry. “There’s something I’m still worried 
about for Mr. Yarwood.” 
Theo clenched his walking stick tightly. “What’s happening to Dalton?” 
“His body.” Yvette came up with a fabricated prediction. “Although he looks alright now, this is just on the surface. I know that the Yarwood family already has a doctor. He has a noble destiny, but it’s short–lived. 
Chapter 873 Delusional 
“If you trust me, Mr. Yarwood Senior, why don’t you let me take care of Mr. Yarwood’s health? I can help get him back to health. As for his destiny, it’s not set in stone yet.” 
Before Theo could say anything, the other CEOs looked at her with sparkles in their eyes. 
“Ms. Yates, what you’re saying is that one could change their fate and destiny?” 
“Even the great Kaspar Stavius could not do this! Ms. Yates, you’re amazing!” 
“Have you really just started out? You don’t seem like it!” 
As everyone got more and more excited, Yvette came up with more fabricated stories. “I usually would not bring this up, but the Yarwood family is different. This is a matter of life and death. I would like to help Mr. Yarwood with all that I know.” 
Just when everyone wanted to praise Yvette for her kindness, a voice suddenly rang out! 
###chapter874
Chapter 874 Calling Yvette Out 
“Why would I need you to rescue me?” It was Dalton. He was in his usual black suit. He looked oddly handsome with a helmet in his hand. 
No one thought that they would see Dalton return so quickly. The CEOs initially thought of leaving before Dalton returned. They had forgotten about time while talking to Yvette about fortune–telling! 
Dalton shot them an emotionless gaze. He looked regal and aloof but also distracted. He stood there not moving. He was clearly not letting them leave. 
He said icily with a raised eyebrow, “Mortimer, have we changed the rules? Can anyone just enter our 
homes now?” 
“N- No. Of course, not, Mr. Yarwood.” Mortimer went up to Dalton. 
Dalton put the helmet under his arm. “Then, why am I hearing all this nonsense? It was clear who he was 
referring to. 
Yvette was looking smug just a moment ago. The very next moment, she looked embarrassed, Dalton. had never laid eyes on her from the very beginning. That made her seem even more lowly. 
She clenched her fists tight and bit her lower lip, putting on a pitiful act. “I know you don’t like me. After all, you and my sister are engaged. Back in Southdale, I listened to my mother and had a misunderstanding with my sister. I really bear no ill will coming here.” 
“Sister?” Dalton said teasingly. He turned to look out of the gate. “How come I never knew you had a 
sister from a different set of parents?” 
Wynter arrived a little later than Dalton because she had to park her motorcycle, check with Wolf how the work was going on, and answer another call to verify the criminal’s information. 
When she heard Dalton’s question, she noticed Yvette standing there. She had said it before. As long as Yvette stuck to her lane and was good, she could look the other way and not deal with Yvette. All for 
Margaret. 
Without Margaret, Wynter would not have survived. Before her awakening, she was indeed quite a terrible child. Not to mention that she had intermittent explosive disorder. No one could accept her. 
It was Margaret who was with her all day long. She was patient with Wynter. Just on this alone, Wynter would not let Margaret live without any family. 
Of course, all this was on the preface that Yvette had to not cause any trouble. Clearly, this was not what Yvette thought. 
Wynter held her lucky coin in her hand. The fact that Yvette would be there was most probably not as simple as just making connections. 
If she wanted connections, she should have headed to the Quinnell family and not the Yarwood family. 
Wynter looked at what was happening at that moment. Then, she looked at the CEOs around Yvette and 
Chapter 874 Calling Yvette Out 
smiled. 
She was not going to wait to see what act Yvette was going to put on, so she said, “I was kicked out of the Yates family. I can understand since I was not their child. 
“They also asked me to never use their family name. They were afraid I would take advantage of them. 
When the butler threw my luggage out the door, you were there too. 
“Ms. Yates, don’t tell me you’ve lost your memory about how you stole my fiancé?” 
Wynter got closer to Yvette. She said with a seductive smile, “You said that he loved you and asked me to give you two blessings. Didn’t I tell you back then that if you like that piece of trash, you could take it? 
“Are you here to get me to help you find those memories?
###chapter875
Chapter 875 Was Theo Helping Yvette 
Yvette looked embarrassed and furious. She always had no defense against Wynter’s words. She never thought that Wynter would bring this up. 
Logically speaking, one always cared about their image. But not Wynter. She brought up the embarrassing 
matter of her fiancé being stolen! 
Yvette looked at the CEOs looking at her. She thought she could still spin this to her advantage. Perhaps, 
she could even use this opportunity to clear her name. 
She explained innocently and pitifully. “It was the family’s decision. Wynter, I’m sure you can understand how I don’t have any say in the family. All I can do is apologize. As long as you forgive me, I’ll do whatever 
you want me to do.” 
The more she gave in, the more it made Wynter seem unforgiving and relentless. Wynter had encountered 
this act a million times.. 
“What you’re saying is that it was your family who taught you how to steal other people’s man?” Wynter said calmly, “Your family has truly taught you well.” 
Yvette was speechless. She did not know how to react. Dalton smiled. Wynter’s tongue was as sharp as 
ever. 
The CEOs were baffled by this, but they had to rely on Yvette for fortune–telling in the future. They had to 
stand up for her. 
“Ms. Quinnell, there must be a misunderstanding somewhere.” 
“Yes, Ms. Quinnell. Ms. Yates is a really kind person. Mr. Yarwood’s safe return is all thanks to her. Don’t make it hard for the Yarwood family.” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. But before she could say anything. Dalton interjected, “Mr. Washington, are you insulting me? Speaking of which, why are all of you here?” 
He looked at them with a darkened and overbearing gaze. 
The CEO Ezekiel Washington fumbled a few steps back. “W- We were just worried about you, Mr. Yarwood. We were worried when we heard that something had happened to you. Thankfully, the great Ms. Yates predicted that you would appear at the South–West corner.” 
“The great Ms. Yates?” Wynter repeated mockingly before looking at Yvette with inquisition. 
Not long ago, Abel mentioned that Yvette was being weird, but he did not know what was going on with 
her. 
At that moment, she finally understood. Ezekiel said that Yvette had ‘predicted‘ where they were.” 
Predicted” sounded like a stretch. 
She had to be captured by Sothoth to find out where Dalton was. How did Yvette predict that they were at the South–West corner? 
Chapter 875 Was Theo Helping Yvette 
Speaking of which, the fact that the Shadows would appear by the roadblocks was also rather strange. Wynter looked at Theo. It was easy to see that Ezekiel was most probably not lying at all. 
Wynter thought to herself and exchanged glances with Dalton. 
Theo said, “Dalton, it was indeed Ms. Yates who told us where you’d be. She was the one who rescued you. We have to thank her properly. Be polite.” 
“Oh?” Dalton smirked. “So, how did she rescue me? Could you explain it to me in detail, Grandpa?” 
Theo sighed. He knew that Dalton would not change his attitude toward Yvette for the time being. But seeing how they owed Yvette a favor, they could not be so rude to her. 
“When you went missing, Ms. Yates called me to tell me that you would appear by the South–West corner. She told us to look into white cars and how a truck would crash into the car that you’d be in. 
“Initially, I didn’t believe her, but the fact is Ms. Yates predicted it accurately. The Shadows have saved you and prevented you from getting into a serious accident.” 
?
###chapter876
Chapter 876 Dalton Strikes 
Theo continued, “You must thank her. So do I.” 
This was the teachings of the Yarwood family–to make a clear difference between grievances and gratitude. 
Yvette knew this, which was why she used it to her advantage. She sniffled and said, “Mr. Yarwood Senior, it’s fine. I understand. Mr. Yarwood also misunderstood me because of the previous incident. Now that he has returned safely, I should head back to look after Grandma.” 
She made it sound like after she had rescued Dalton, not only were the Yarwood family ungrateful, but Wynter was also making it difficult for her. Anyone in Yvette’s shoes would surely feel aggrieved. 
The CEOS thought that the Yarwood family was being rude. They also used to think that Wynter had been doing great things, bringing the Quinnell family to greater heights. 
At one point, they even thought that she was a threat to them. They even thought about reaching out to her to collaborate. 
At that point, it seemed that perhaps all those great things were not done by her. She was merely the face of the family. The person who planned everything was her grandfather. 
After all, it was embarrassing to let others know that his country–bumpkin of a granddaughter was uneducated and crass. That was why he would support her from behind and teach her how to act. 
The CEOS thought they understood who Wynter truly was. She did not even go to college. No matter how knowledgeable she was, she could not possibly be friends with Haddon Martinez, what more, even his senior. How absurd was this? 
Haddon was a titan in the cultural relic circle. No one could be his senior. 
The CEOs all thought that the TV program had exaggerated the facts a little. The effect was indeed done quite well. It made the Quinnell family even more famous. Many companies were affected by it, even theirs. 
Wynter’s experience was more common folk. If they were to work together, it might do them good too. However, seeing how she was treating Yvette at that moment… She clearly did not know how to read the situation. 
She was the fiancée of the Yarwood family. How could she treat the Yarwood family’s savior so rudely? If news got out, it would be utter embarrassment for her! 
The CEOs looked at Wynter rather condescendingly. 
They did not dare to offend Dalton, so they said to Yvette, “Ms. Yates, let’s talk it out. We know you feel wronged. Ms. Quinnell didn’t know you saved Mr. Yarwood. Now that she knows about it, I’m sure she will change her attitude. Am I right, Ms. Quinnell?” 
They said that to hint at Wynter not to be too rude. If not, things would not end well. 
Chapter 876 Dalton Strikes 
They never thought that Wynter, holding her lucky coin, would smile and reply, “No, you’re not.” 
The CEOs were speechless. Their expressions stiffened! Why was the young lady so rude? Dalton could 
not help but chuckle at the CEOs‘ helplessness in dealing with Wynter. 
Wynter looked at him, seemingly asking. “What are you laughing about?” 
Dalton grabbed her hand. He cleared his throat and looked at the CEOs. “I was caught in the rain. I initially didn’t want to cause you all any trouble, but it seems like you’re here to cause me trouble. So, let me tell you how I was rescued, and who I was rescued by.” 
###chapter877
Chapter 877 Dalton Hits Back 
Dalton said without any warmth in his tone, “Especially you, Ms. Yates. Listen closely. First, I was not in any white car.” 
At that moment, time seemed to have frozen. The CEOS looked bewildered. Yvette was initially secretly delighted. Her expression stiffened as well. 
“Secondly, I wasn’t in the South–West corner initially,” Dalton said calmly. 
Yvette could not believe her ears. “Impossible! How is this possible?” 
The news said that the accident happened at the South–West comer! 
Dalton continued nonchalantly, “You didn’t even predict this. It looks like your fortune–telling skills are nothing special.” 
The CEOs started to doubt Yvette. Theo also became quiet. He wanted to hear what Yvette had to say about this. 
Yvette took a step back. She looked at Mortimer and said frantically, “But he said that there was a truck and oil tanks! This isn’t wrong, right!” 
“Truck and oil tanks?” Dalton chuckled. Although he was coughing, he seemed like he was mocking her. 
“There are always trucks going about at the South–West corner. Besides, there are also a lot of people selling smuggled gas there too. This was on the news previously. 
“Anyone who has been to the South–West corner would have heard of this. This does not prove anything.” 
That was true. Anyone who knew a bit of road planning knew this was where the route of most trucks was. It has been this way in Kingbourne for many years. 
The CEOs looked at Yvette. “Ms. Yates, do you want to tell us how you predicted that Mr. Yarwood would appear at the South–West corner?” 
Wynter wanted to know this too. 
Yvette was highly on guard. She could not let Wynter find out that she had a past life. She could secretly tell Theo that she could predict the future, but she could not say it in front of so many people. This was her secret. She had to keep it to herself. 
Besides, she had never even met some of the people there. If she were to do a fortune–telling reading on the spot and she made another mistake, others would suspect her even more. 
She could only fabricate those stories earlier because Dalton had not returned. It was alright even if some 
of the details were not right. 
But at that moment, Dalton was there. The fact that he was not 
even in the white car made Yvette event 
more afraid to say anything further. 
She bit her lips and said, “A fortune–teller never reveals their secrets.” When she said such a thing 
Chapter 877 Dalton Hits Back 
previously, the CEOS would still flatter her. 
2/2 
However, at that moment, they started to doubt her. “Ms. Yates, you’re being too vague. Is there anything concrete you can show?” 
They no longer fawned over Yvette like before. They even sounded rather impatient. They only flattered her previously because she could predict the future. If not, usually, they would not even talk to a person of 
her status. 
From what Dalton said, she might have just guessed it. She was no different from that cheat they met under the bridge a few days ago! 
The CEOs were starting to get impatient. They wanted an explanation. 
Yvette used one of the sentences she had read online to brush this matter off once again. “The art of the Arcane Way has always been subjective. Some believed it, some didn’t. Even in predictions, there would be mistakes. If you don’t believe me, I can’t do anything about it.” 
###chapter878
Chapter 878 Yvette’s Reputation Ruined 
At that point, Yvette was planning to leave already. She no longer hoped to get anything out of the Yarwood family. Those people there would most probably just let her go.. 
What Yvette forgot was she had tried to con the most ruthless person in the business world – Dalton Yarwood. 
How could the ruler of Sorzada City let anyone take advantage of them? This was not like Dalton. Besides, the thing he hated the most was being emotionally blackmailed: 
He had only created this incident so that Wynter could rescue him. He had good reasons for it. He wanted them to quickly get married. It was not for anyone to use this as an opportunity to take advantage 
of him. 
If he did not solve this issue today, somehow or rather, he might really have an extra life savior to whom he owed a favor. He truly disliked this feeling. 
Thus, before Yvette could bid her farewell, Dalton said, “Ms. Yates can’t give you a proper explanation because she had only guessed right about the South–West corner. She couldn’t predict the others.” 
Dalton walked over to Wynter and grabbed her hand. “The person who rescued me was my fiancée. She found me by the riverbank and rescued me from the kidnappers. 
“When we passed by South–West corner on her bike, she noticed that a driver was drunk while driving. She got the police to arrest him. 
“It was not the doing of the Shadows. From the moment I arrived, not one single Shadow said that I was being rescued from a white car. Ms. Yates, you were so eager and determined to give yourself credit for being my savior. What are you getting at?” 
“It’s one thing embarrassing yourself.” Dalton’s gaze turned cold. “How dare you use the Arcane Way to 
con my family?” 
“N- No. It’s not it!” Yvette shook her head fervently, not knowing where it went wrong. How could Dalton 
now be in the white car? 
It was all over the news in her past life. That was how Dalton passed away! Yvette was getting frantic. She 
forced herself to calm down. 
Yet, Dalton’s words were as sharp as needles, constantly poking her. “Back then, the Shadows had 
all listened to you. They were focusing on checking on white cars. No one placed any other effort on the 
other cars. 
“If it weren’t for Wynter noticing that something was off with the truck driver, do you know what would’ve happened? A huge chain reaction accident would happen. How were you going to compensate for the 
loss of lives?” 
A chill ran down Yvette’s spine. She had never once thought that the unapproachable man would be so ruthless. He was a devil. He wanted everyone to look at her like she was a criminal! 
At that thought, she shuddered. She should not have come to the Yarwoods‘ mansion. The thing she most regretted at that moment was thinking she could use Dalton. 
She thought that it would be as simple as before. Her charm worked on Charlie, the Fenton family, and the Winston family. Why did it stop working for the Yarwood family? 
She knew how to manipulate a person, but Dalton was much better at that than her! 
What he said was not for her. He was saying it for the CEOs to hear. He wanted her reputation to be 
completely ruined so that she could no longer get up once more. 
Even if she could get some fame through fortune–telling, he was going to destroy all of that! 
###chapter879
At that moment, Yvette was truly afraid. She frantically looked at the other people. The CEOs gazes on her were now completely different from before! 
“You’re a con!” One of them knew how to go along with the situation. “Only Mr. Yarwood is smart enough to expose you for the con you are!” 
“The Fentons were most likely conned as well! I have to inform them!” 
I 
“Yes, yes! Mr. Yarwood, we won’t take up any more of your time. This young lady must have conned many people. The Fenton family might still believe in her. I have to tell them about this! 
The CEOS wanted to leave before Dalton’s wrath came down on them. Furthermore, they had just been fooled. They were going to make Yvette pay. 
Yvette looked at them and knew that she was finished. 
The Fenton family was her key to the world of aristocratic families. If they were not going to stand on her side, all her hard work recently would have been for nothing! 
She had been working so hard to set up a persona and make the Fenton family believe that she was not doing it for the money, that she was a person without any materialistic needs. She did all that only so she could get connected to all the other aristocratic families. 
To do that, she had even incurred a huge pile of debt! What was she going to do now? 
Yvette’s face paled. “…” 
None of the CEOs wanted to listen to her explanation. They had been tricked into standing up for her, almost offending the Yarwood family. 
They were infuriated and did not even want to get close to her. They pushed her to the ground. 
“Fuck off!” 
Yvette arrived at the Yarwoods‘ mansion like an esteemed guest, but she ran off like a sewer rat. 
The Yarwood family did not need to kick her away. There would be other people who would do that for them. 
Yvette could not understand why things had changed from her past life! She anxiously wanted to contact Margaret. 
However, the moment she turned on her phone, she was flooded with calls and messages from debt collectors. She was so frightened she immediately switched off her phone once more! 
“Wynter Quinnell!” Yvette hated her the most. Why was she always going up against her? If it were not for that bitch, Yvette would have already become the Yarwood family’s savior! 
If only she could have died without much of an existence like her past life! Why did she have to ruin all of Yvette’s fun? It wasn’t Yvette’s fault if she was ruthless in the future! Yvette’s eyes gleamed maliciously. 
Chapter 879. 
2/2 
After most of them had left, Dalton looked at his secretary, Joseph, who was standing by the door. 
Perhaps it was because Joseph had been working closely with Dalton for a while, but Dalton’s aura had rubbed off on him. He looked rather knowledgeable and capable. 
“Go and find out where they heard the news of me going missing.” Dalton was referring to those CEOs who were so eager to show themselves. 
Joseph knew that Dalton wanted to catch the person behind this, which was why he let those CEOs leave. It was all so they could lead him to the person behind this. 
ot have s 
If not, the Yarwood family would easily let anyone enter their home. Joseph could only say that the person behind this was still one step behind Dalton. 
The people who left did not realize this problem. Although the CEOs were worried as well, seeing how Dalton was only dealing with that con woman, Yvette, they no longer thought much about it. 
Yvette deserved it for being so bold as to try and con the Yarwood family. Little did the CEOs know that they had a target on their backs. 
At the same time, Theo was catching up with Wynter. 
###chapter880
Chapter 880 Wynter Knew What Was Strange With Yvette 
“Dr. Genius, you’re finally willing to accompany my grandson back home?” Theo sighed and said, “Even back then I thought you were an interesting person with great ambitions. I never would have thought that you were that poor child from the Quinnell family.” 
No one in Kingbourne knew about this, but Theo had met Wynter a long time ago. Wynter was the only person that he would call a genius doctor. 
If the CEOS that had just left found out that she was the legendary Dr. Miracle, they would surely regret their actions! 
Wynter politely greeted Theo. “Mr. Yarwood Senior.” 
“Call me Grandpa.” Theo got closer to Wynter with a big smile. The more he looked at Wynter, the happier he was. 
“I’m not exaggerating when I say that you were the one who saved Dalton’s life. He used to barely have any strength to eat, let alone be able to return home safely after being kidnapped in the rain.” 
Theo gestured for Wynter to take a seat before glancing at Mortimer behind her. Mortimer nodded and left. 
Theo continued, “I know my grandson’s health better than anyone else. Many doctors have told me that he will not survive past this year, at most until mid–winter. 
“Looking at him now, his face has regained much of its color. Even Kaspar who saw him said that he 
must have met someone the person who could change his destiny. 
“Wynter, the Yarwood family needs to thank you the most.” 
Theo was an open–hearted man. He admitted his mistakes. “I was blind just now. I almost upset you. 
Please don’t be mad at me.” 
Not everyone at Theo’s age or status would behave like him. Usually, the older they got, the harder they found it to admit their mistakes. But Theo was different. He was humble and kind. No wonder Dalton had 
such a good upbringing. 
“Grandpa, don’t worry, I understand the situation just now.” Wynter looked at Theo. 
“There’s only one thing that baffles me. You’re a smart man. You don’t seem like the type that would be easily swayed. How did you end up believing Yvette and get the Shadows to head to the South–West 
corner?” 
Wynter had been observing the situation since a moment ago. Although Dalton had put it very accurately. completely ruining Yvette’s reputation and her agenda of trying to emotionally blackmail him, she could see that Yvette was stunned to find out that he was not in a white car. 
Her reaction was subconscious, so it did not seem fake. Besides, there were also some other strange things that Wynter could not understand. Wynter asked Theo so she could find some clues about it. 
Chapter 680 Wynter Knew What Was Strange With Yvette 
2/2 
Theo told her everything that Yvette had told him. Wynter tapped her finger on her teacup while listening to Theo. It did not sound like Yvette had made it up randomly. It sounded as if it had truly happened. 
“She could predict the future?” Dalton, who was standing by the side, chuckled. “Quite amazing.” Then, he picked up his teacup and took a sip. 
Theo reminded him. “Your relationship with Wynter had been predicted as well. Have you forgotten?” 
Dalton’s hand paused in mid–air. Theo could not help but laugh at him. Dalton used to be in bad health. All Theo hoped was that Dalton could lead a normal life. 
At that moment, seeing Dalton trying his hardest to pursue Wynter was quite a joy to witness. 
“Wynter, you really don’t know how Dalton was in the past. He used to be against this marriage,” Theo said to Wynter. “He was not only a picky eater, but he also constantly protested everything.” 
###chapter881
Chapter 881 Embarrassing Dalton 
“Don’t you think he’s really childish?” Theo embarrassed Dalton in front of Wynter. 
Wynter looked at Dalton. He pursed his lips, but he was still smiling. He did not seem one bit unhappy. Grandpa, that was all in the past.” 
“Yes, yes! All in the past!” Theo placed his teacup down. “Ever since he found out that he was going to marry the legendary Dr. Miracle, he has been going over to the Quinnell family more than coming back 
home. 
“Wynter, when he started getting to know you, his health changed for the better. His appetite became 
much better than before too. 
“Our entire family was delighted. We all wanted to ask him who was the one who treated him so we could properly thank the person. 
“He would never let us know who it was. He was afraid that we would disturb you. Now, he’s getting 
anxious. He constantly bugs us to s over to the Quinnell family.” 
Dalton raised an eyebrow, “Grandpa, drink your tea. It’s getting cool.” 
“It’s fine. I like cool tea.” Theo never knew teasing his grandson could be this fun. He smiled wider. “When you were younger, the first time you heard about marriage, you swore you would never get married.” 
Dalton lowered his gaze. He started to regret it. Why did he try to find a way to bring Wynter home? Come to think of it, meeting the family was not that important anyway. 
Wynter did not know about this. She looked at Dalton while Theo was teasing him. She never knew that 
her fiancé would actually be so humane. 
She always used to think that other than being wily, he was unfazed by anything else. At that moment, it 
seemed like he was more than met the eye. 
“Mr. Yarwood Senior.” Mortimer entered with something in his hands. 
When Theo saw him, he stopped teasing Dalton. He looked at Wynter seriously. “Wynter, I’m really relieved to see you with Dalton. I prepared this a long time ago. I was just waiting for Dalton to bring you 
home. 
“Don’t say no. You deserve all this. There are other gifts as well. Dalton will bring it over to the Quinnell family himself.” 
The gifts that Theo mentioned were worth millions. The jewelry set that he was giving her was a limited 
edition one. There were only a handful that were ever made. 
Other than that, he also gave her five percent of the Yarwood Group’s shares! Five percent was no small amount, The Yarwood Group boasted huge profits year after year. 
None of the aristocratic families had ever given their granddaughters–in–laws shares in their companies At most, it was just a few billion dollars for having a child, 
Chapter 881 Embarrassing Dalton 
27 
Wynter had not even married into the family, but Theo had already treated her like one of their own. 
Wynter was a little surprised. She thought for a while before saying, “Grandpa, I’ll take the jewelry and the set of car keys. As for the others, could I leave them with you first? You can give them to me once I’ve really married into the family.” 
“Wynter, you’re speaking as if you won’t get married.” Theo chuckled. 
Wynter saw Dalton looking at her. She felt a little shifty, which was rare for her. Hold up. Why should she be shifty? This situation happened before. Back then, she… Wynter was rarely in a daze. 
Dalton took this opportunity and handed everything in the box to her. His gaze darkened. He asked in a low voice, “What? Are you having cold feet?” 
###chapter882
Chapter 882 Take Responsibility 
Why was it suddenly about her getting cold feet? Wynter looked into Dalton’s gaze. He was handsome enough, and he looked even more dashing up close. 
Dalton tucked Wynter’s hair behind her ear and said seductively, “You’d better take responsibility.” 
Wynter was speechless. Dalton raised an eyebrow in amusement. 
Seeing their interaction, one knew how close they were. Theo was relieved to see them this way. Mortimer and the other housekeepers were all smiles as well. They happily left to prepare dinner. 
They had been in the Yarwood family for so long, but not once had they ever seen Dalton being so gentle 
to anyone. 
“Mr. Yarwood and Ms. Quinnell are truly the golden couple.” 
“Of course. Didn’t you hear? It was Ms. Quinnell who rescued Mr. Yarwoodo.” 
“I’ve heard a lot of amazing things about Ms. Quinnell. She was the one who previously rescued the heroic 
spirits.” 
“Not only that! Even the Quinnell family was saved…. 
All Wynter did was give Dalton a ride. Yet, she was instantly liked by the entire Yarwood family. When all the other family members heard that she was there, they all wanted to come home. 
Wynter immediately stood up. “Grandpa
, don’t make them come back. I still have things to attend to 
today.” 
“Even if you do, you still need to eat.” Theo smiled. “Wynter, don’t worry. Every one of them approves of you. They want to come home and give you a welcome gift.” 
Wynter had already witnessed the Yarwood family’s enthusiasm. Other than her fiancé, the others seemed really sociable. 
What Wynter did not know was that the reason why they were so enthusiastic about returning home was because they wanted to see how Dalton, who used to be a desireless person, pursued his wife. 
They found it amusing hearing it from Theo. They had to see it for themselves: 
Dalton obviously knew what they were trying to do. When Wynter said she had to leave, Dalton naturally chimed in, “Grandpa, we are indeed busy.” 
Theo looked at him and mused to himself. Was this kid doing this on purpose? 
Dalton smiled. “There’s a problem with a worker at the TV station building. We have to look into it.” 
Wynter was indeed going to check up on the person, but why did Dalton need to come along? She looked at Dalton. Then what was the point of her bringing him home? 
“I’ll come along 
with you. Isn’t my blood useful to you?” Dalton whispered in her ear. 
Chapter 882 Take Responsibility 
22 
Wynter could not refuse. Since he gave himself to her, she was not going to waste a good opportunity. 
She still had not forgotten about Yvette. After hearing what Theo said, the most illogical thing she felt 
was that Yvette indeed had gotten a few details right. 
Dalton had used a brilliant diversion tactic in front of everyone just now. But Wynter was at the South- West corner. She was sure that although there were many trucks, only a few smuggled gas. 
Privately selling gas was illegal. If anybody wanted to buy gas, they would head over there instead. An ordinary truck driver would not dare to risk doing this, which was why the chances of truck drivers smuggling gas were extremely small. 
Wynter was not undermining Yvette’s intelligence, but the chance of Yvette speculating this was so miniscule it was almost impossible. 
Yvette gave her the impression that she had seen the accident happen with her own eyes. If not, she would not have been so sure of her predictions. Did she really see it happen? 
Wynter’s gaze darkened when she got on her motorcycle. At the same time, someone started waking up 
from their dreams. 
· Mid De Schooler Who Did Not Seem Lik
###chapter883
Chapter 883 A Middle Schooler Who Did Not Seem Like a Middle Schooler 
The staff members of the TV station building opened their eyes one after the other. Their families immediately went up to them. “Are you feeling unwell?” 
They said nothing and just sat there lost in their own thoughts. 
One of the staff members, Jone Ashmore, who liked to bully others at work, had been delirious with a fever for the past two days. 
His wife, Delilah, asked, “Why don’t you take a few more days off? Let the intern cover you.” 
She only said that because that was what Jone often did. He nodded subconsciously. His head was still feeling a little heavy. 
When he was about to lie down, he suddenly remembered something. “Have you gone to check up on Budd?” 
“Budd Wilson?” Delilah was confused. “Didn’t you call him a piece of trash who doesn’t know how to read the room? You also told me to stay away from him.” 
Jone felt a little shifty. “I mean such a huge incident has happened to him. You and his wife came from 
the same town. It’s only normal that you should visit them.” 
“Jone, have you lost your mind?” Delilah was perplexed. “Last time, whenever I went to see them, you would fight with me. Now that you know something has happened to their family, you want to be nice. What did you say in the past?” 
Delilah got closer and touched his forehead before saying softly, “Say, do you think his daughter- 
“Just go and do as I say!” Jone interrupted Delilah loudly as if the mention of Budd’s daughter was taboo. 
Delilah furrowed her brows. “You’re being strange. You were just saying that our daughter should not be like theirs. You even told Kate to stay away from her.” 
“Stop talking!” Jone seemed to have been triggered. He quickly went up and placed his hand over Delilah’s mouth. “By the way, where is Kate? I have something to ask her.” 
Delilah glared at him. “You have been having a fever for the past few days, scaring the lights out of us. You’re being really weird right now. Kate is doing her homework. You can talk to her later. Have some 
water.” 
Jone nodded. He added. “Don’t bad mouth Budd and his family again. We’ll visit them after dinner tonight. 
Delilah thought that Jone was possessed
. The situation in the other staff members‘ families was the 
same 
That showed how bad Budd had it at work in the past. He was from the military. His legs were not that mobile anymore. The injury he suffered in the past still hurt whenever it started to rain. 
He was quite skillful in his work, but he was too direct and did not know how to socialize. 
Chapter 683 A Middle Schooler Who Did Not Seem Like a Middle Schooler 
Sometimes, even if his colleagues did not deliberately exclude him from anything, there was naturally a 
barrier between them. 
Jone was hungry, but when he saw the puddle of water in the toilet, he was terrified. Delilah also noticed 
that there seemed to be a snake there. She was calling the apartment’s management. 
Kate, who had just finished her homework, came out of her room. Jone immediately got her over. “Kate, let me ask you something. Be honest with me. Budd’s daughter, Dulcie, does her incident have anything to do with you?” 
“Dad, why are you bringing her up?” Kate did not dare to look at her parents. She was still a middle schooler, but her actions seemed way too mature for her age. 
“Dad, I’ve told you many times. She’s a bitch. She offended people she should not have offended. Why are you still asking about her?” 
Chapter 994 Rumor Mongers All 
###chapter884
Chapter 884 Rumor Mongers All Around 
Jone felt a chill run down his spine when he heard what Kate said. Before he could say anything, a snake came slithering over from the living room. 
Kate was so frightened she almost passed out. Delilah was panicking so much that her face lost all color. 
Jone had no choice but to clasp his palms together in prayer. He said to the snake, “Master, don’t worry. I will keep my promise. I’m going to see Budd to make things right. My daughter is still young, please don’t get mad. I’ll teach her a lesson!” 
Kate thought that her father had gone insane. Little did she know that many other families had snake 
attacks in their homes too. 
Since they were the offerings of Sothoth, it was easy for Sothoth to find them just by tracking the 
resentment. 
At the same time, in an old apartment building, no one dared to go near the Wilson family’s unit. 
Their neighbors avoided their unit. They pitied them, but at the same time, they were afraid they would 
catch bad luck. 
Of course, there were kind people as well. A kind old lady knocked on their door. “Leanne, have some food. We made extra today You need to eat. Don’t listen to what others are saying” 
The person who opened the door was Budd’s wife, Leane. She was a beautiful woman, even with minimal 
makeup on. 
She looked quite distressed as she had not been resting well. Her lips were cracked, and her hair was in a 
mess. 
“Thank you, Mrs. Kierson.” Leane thanked her but did not accept the food from her. “But you should take that back. It won’t be good if your daughter–in–law sees you here.” 
Ethel Kierson sighed. “How is Budd? Is he better?” Ethel thought that since Leanne would not accept any food, she could at least talk to her and offer her some comfort. 
At that moment, the door to the next unit swung open. A woman with a child in her arms came out and 
sneered. 
“She’s not eating, but you still want to give her food. Those who don’t know might think that she is your daughter–in–law. 
“If you’re not going to serve me, you can just go back to your own place. Your son has been ogling her all day. I see where he gets it from! 
“Mary, what nonsense are you on about?” Ethel pulled Mary along. 
Mary snickered. “Everyone In this building knows what kind of character she is. Her daughter took after her which was why she- 
Clang! 
Chapter 884 Rumor Mongers All Around 
The sound of a chair being kicked interrupted Mary. She jumped and shuddered. 
Before she could say anything, an ice–cold woman’s voice rang out. “One should watch their tongue when they are still alive. Don’t gossip or bad–mouth others. If not, when they end up in hell, they’d have to have their tongues pulled out.” 
Wynter looked at Mary with an overbearing aura. She gave off an authoritative air that meant that she was not to be messed with. 
Mary took a step back and muttered, “Who the hell are you? Why are you interfering in other people’s matters? What day and age is this where one is still so superstitious about hell?” 
“Oh, so you know a thing or two about this.” Wynter said slowly, “Then do you know that insulting the family members of the military could make you end up in prison?” 
Mary hesitated a little while. She knew that Budd used to be in the army, but he was retired. Leane was no family member of the military. She was just a man–stealing whore! 
But Mary did not say these things out loud. She was afraid that Wynter might be quite powerful. 
Wynter took one glance at Mary and instantly knew that Mary only liked to bully others who were weaker 
than her. 
Dalton arrived two minutes later. His gaze darkened. “What is going on here?” 
Chapter 884 Rumor Mongers All Around 
2/2 
The sound of a chair being kicked Interrupted Mary. She jumped and shuddered. 
Before she could say anything, an ice–cold woman’s voice rang out. “One should watch their tongue when they are still alive. Don’t gossip or bad–mouth others. If not, when they end up in hell, they’d have to have their tongues pulled out.” 
Wynter looked at Mary with an overbearing aura. She gave off an authoritative air that meant that she was. 
not to be messed with. 
Mary took a step back and muttered, “Who the hell are you? Why are you interfering in other people’s matters? What day and age is this where one is still so superstitious about hell?” 
“Oh, so you know a thing or two about this.” Wynter said slowly, “Then do you know that insulting the family members of the military could make you end up in prison?” 
Mary hesitated a little while. She knew that Budd used to be in the army, but he was retired. Leane was not family member of the military. She was just a man–stealing whore! 
But Mary did not say these things out loud. She was afraid that Wynter might be quite powerful. 
Wynter took one glance at Mary and instantly knew that Mary only liked to bully others who were weaker 
than her. 
Dalton arrived two minutes later. His gaze darkened. “What is going on here?“
###chapter885
Chapter 885 Seducing Other People’s Husband 
“Nothing much. Just getting a witness,” Wynter said vaguely. 
Witness? Dalton looked at Mary. 
Wynter immediately went up to grab her. She passed the child to Ethel. “Ma’am, please come with us. There are some questions we need to ask your daughter–in–law.” 
She was referring to Budd and Leane.. 
When Mary saw that they were taking her to the Wilson family, she was terrified. Her face turned pale. “I’m not going over! No way!” 
Leane’s door was half–closed. She never thought that people would want to enter her home. She was just about to close the door when someone grabbed her by the wrist. It was Budd, who had been having a high fever for the past few days. 
Leanne’s eyes widened in surprise. Then, tears fell. “You’re finally awake! They are–” 
“I’m here to fulfill my promise, Mr. Wilson.” Wynter met with Budd’s gaze through the crack of the door. She was still holding onto Mary from next door. 
Budd was a 
little stunned. He thought he had just had an odd dream. He did not get up for a long time after he came around because he was thinking about how he should head to the Quinnell family to explain his situation. 
Would they believe him? It was such an absurd story after all. But they were the Quinnell family. He was willing to try. He never expected that before he even headed over, Wynter had already found him. 
“Uncle Budd, are you not going to invite us in?” 
Us? At that moment, Budd realized that Dalton was there as well! He immediately opened the door fully. 
A chill came from inside the apartment. The moment Wynter entered, she noticed something. 
She subconsciously had a peep in the other bedroom. It was empty, but there was also an oppressive sense of grievance there. She looked at the lucky coln in her hand. There was no reaction. 
Mary tried to escape while grumbling. Wynter looked at her. “We’ll deal with you first. I was downstairs when I heard you talking about Budd’s wife. I’m giving you a chance to explain yourself. What did you mean by that?” 
“Can’t you see for yourself?” Mary pursed her lips. “I’m warning you. If you touch me again, I’m going to call the police.” 
Wynter chuckled. “Great. I thought of calling the police myself. You’re the Dalsy Girl, right?” 
“What are you talking about? What Daisy Girl?” Mary looked a little anxious. 
Wynter took her phone out and tracked Mary’s user IP address, reading her comments out loud. 
Chapter $85 Seducing Other People’s Husband 
“The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree. When such a thing happens, they should ask themselves if they are the problem. Why would other people look for her instead of other people?” 
When Mary heard what Wynter had read, her hands were trembling. “Y–You…” 
“You can deny it, but the IP address leads us right to you. I’m sure this comment is still an your phone.” Wynter looked a little smug. 
“Those who slander others on the internet could face jail time as well, not to mention the fact that the person you’re slandering is a family member of the military.” 
Mary knew she could no longer hide it. She yelled, “He’s retired! Don’t take me for a fool! I’m educated. 
“So what if I said all this? I’m just stating a fact! Leanne’s the one who has been flirting with other men. She’s a married woman. Yet, she looked for other people’s husbands to help her!” 
“I was just having trouble moving all the things up at once. I bumped into him while resting by the staircase. I didn’t ask him to help me. I never wanted him to help me. He was the one…” Leanne explained 
frantically. 
###chapter886
Chapter 886 We Have No Mercy 
Mary spat on the floor. “Don’t think I don’t know all about your tricks. Don’t you know how to walk faster? Why were you taking so many things? Who are you putting on the weak act for? You’re just like your daughter!” 
“I wasn’t pretending to be weak!” Leanne’s eyes reddened. “And I will not have you insult my daughter! Your husband has a problem! He has always been ogling women with short dresses! I’ve told you this 
before!” 
Mary obviously knew what her husband was like, but she would never admit that it was her who had bad 
taste in men. 
It was all the other woman’s fault for not being chaste and deliberately seducing her husband. Why were they wearing short dresses? Why could they not wear pants instead? 
Mark 
sneered. “Fine. I’ve heard enough. I can’t afford to offend the family members of the military. I’ll just stay and hide in my own home, okay? If it weren’t for the old lady giving you food, do you think I’d want to talk to you?” 
Mary was about to take the child and leave when Wynter flicked a silver needle at Mary. She said slowly,” Usually when one is being interrogated, it’s done back at the bureau. I just wanted to save some time. Who said you could leave?” 
Mary, who was paralyzed, looked at Ethel. “Mom! Get her to let me go! She’s hurting me!” 
Ethel, who had the child in her arms, went up to hold Wynter’s hand. Suddenly, a snake appeared by her side. It raised itself up and glared at her. 
Wynter said politely, “Mrs. Kierson, is it? Don’t worry. I won’t hurt her. I just need to look into the crimes your daughter–in–law has committed.” 
“I have committed no crimes!” Mary yelled hysterically. “I was just expressing my opinion on the internet!” Wynter looked at her with a darkened gaze. “You were jealous of Leanne. Her life is what you dreamed of. “Compared to your lewd husband, Mr. Wilson is kind and treats his wife well, unlike your husband, who isn’t back yet even at this hour. He might currently be somewhere getting massages from young ladies.” 
Wynter saw through Mary. Mary suddenly turned silent. She looked at.Wynter as if she had just seen a ghost. “You…” 
“Okay, from your point of view, those who are beautiful are a threat to you, so you had to bad mouth them. “Wynter glared at Mary with hostility. 
“Then what about Dulcie? What threat did she pose to you? Why did you slander her? Do you know how young she was?” 
Mary was frightened by Wynter’s expression. At that instant, she thought that Wynter was going to kill her. Was there something wrong with this lady? Why were her eyes red? 
Chaptél 815 We Have No Mercy 
212 
“I’ve said it before. Let the Special Operations Team do it. Suddenly, a pair of hands covered Wynter’s 
eyes. 
It was Dalton. He smiled at Mary. “You don’t have to do it yourself when it comes to people like that. Since she likes to help her husband hide his embarrassing deeds, we should just announce it to the entire neighborhood.” 
“No! No!” Mary was terrified. “My husband works in a school! He just likes to look at other women. He doesn’t have the guts to do anything more. Please show us some mercy! Don’t tell anyone!” 
Dalton smiled. He looked at Wynter before saying, “We don’t have any mercy. We’re going to do what you did to the Wilson family. The only difference is that yours just rumors and slander. 
were all 
“Budd, Leanne, I was wrong!” Tears fell from Mary’s face. “I was wrong! I shouldn’t have bad–mouthed 
Leanne! I should have talked badly about Dulcie too! I was just jealous!” 
###chapter887
Chapter 887 Some Deserved to Be Punished 
Ethel panicked too. She went up to Leanne. “Leanne, please say something. You know what Mary is like. She’s just direct. She means no harm. Seeing how I’ve been always kind to you all, could you- 
Budd quickly interrupted her. “No. Mrs. Klerson, no one can forgive anyone on Dulcie’s behalf. Not even 
me.” 
Budd crossed his hands across his chest. “You said you’ve treated us kindly. You know my wife’s character well, but you complicitly allowed your son’s behavior to go on. You were a part of the neighborhood’s gossip too, Mrs. Kierson.” 
Ethel initially thought that it was Leanne who was seducing her son. However, once she saw what happened, she realized that it was her useless son who was at fault. So, she thought of treating the Wilson family better to avoid any escalation of conflict. 
If Leanne were to tell the others, her son’s image and his job would surely be affected. 
She had merely insinuated to the neighbors that Leanne was at fault, seeing how she was from a different town and knew how to dress up. She never thought that the rumors would go so far. 
Ethel regretted it very much, but she had no choice. She had to protect her son. 
Leanne’s eyes widened in shock. “Mrs. Kierson, were you the one spreading rumors about me in the neighborhood?” 
Leane took a step back. She felt as if this was the first time she truly knew who Ethel was. 
Ethel was usually the one keeping them up to date about the neighborhood. Whenever people were bullying Leanne, it was she who got them to leave. Yet, this person was the culprit who started it all! 
Even Mary looked at Ethel in surprise. “Mom, you…” 
“I was doing it for the family!” Ethel said through gritted teeth. “My son is useless, but you don’t know how to keep your man in check either!” 
Then, Ethel looked at Leanne and pleaded with her. “Leanne, he really isn’t someone evil. He just has a 
small problem. But which man on this earth isn’t lustful, right? The first day you moved in, I reminded you to wear more layers during the summer. 
“Leanne, it’s all my fault. Please don’t let your friends spread this around. Not only my son will be mocked, but you two will also be talked about. Think about Dulcie. She-” 
“I will seek justice for my daughter!” Leanne, who was usually good–tempered, yelled at Ethel. She looked ruthless with her reddened eyes and messy hair. 
“If the court doesn’t help me, I’ll do it on my own! Even if it means killing someone and ending up in prison! 
Ethel was frightened by Leanne’s reaction. She froze to the spot. “Why are you doing this, Leanne? Why do you want to blow things up? My son has flirted with you, yes, but he has never once succeeded.” 
Chapter 887 Some Deserved to Be Punished 
“Heh.” Wynter snickered as if she had just heard a joke. She looked at Ethel as if she was looking at a 
rotting corpse. 
Her voice was calm but oddly chilly. “Your family is truly hopeless. No wonder your son is that way, Turnst out, it’s because he has a mother like you protecting him. 
“Since you like to de–escalate things, I’ll let you have a good chat with the police. Let’s see if your son can still keep his image and his job then.” 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter888
Chapter 888 A Father’s Revenge 
Wynter was merciless. Some people would never think that they were wrong and would only admit their mistakes because they were afraid. They were afraid that their reputation would be ruined. 
Ethel’s son was the culprit. Yet, she made the victim take the brunt of gossip. All for his image and his job? Wynter was going to let everyone around them know what their family was like. 
The police came to the neighborhood to arrest Mary and Ethel. At the same time, they tracked down her son, Gareth Kierson. Since Gareth worked in education, this matter blew up. 
Gareth was talking about how people nowadays did not like to work hard and how the young people no longer liked to take part in any activities when the police barged him and pinned him to his desk. 
He was arrested under the charge of indecent sexual assault on women. Initially, the people around him could not believe their eyes. 
Gareth was such a gentle, scholarly–looking man. How could he sexually assault women? 
His colleagues went up to talk to the police. “Sir, have you gotten the wrong man? Gareth has never received any complaints from the student’s parents.” 
The crimes there were usually about bribery, but ever since the crackdown came from on top, their 
bosses had told them to be more careful about it. 
No one would be silly enough to receive bribes at such a time since there was still an ongoing suicide case involving a teenage girl. Everyone had their eyes on them. 
They would not mess around. Gareth surely knew that too. When the police found photos that Gareth had taken of other women from an embarrassing angle, the entire office was in an uproar! 
Since he was in education, this matter was even worse when the news got out. Many media outlets swarmed the place, all wanting to know what had happened. 
His bosses had to hold an emergency meeting as well. The people in his neighborhood were talking among themselves. 
“I heard Mary was taken away. 
“What? Who did they offend?” 
“Mary was only spreading gossip. Did they also take the child away?” 
she gossiping about the Wilson family? I was thinking about his daughter’s incident…” 
“Wass 
Budd’s colleagues had just arrived with a fruit basket, wanting to apologize to him, when they heard other people talking about him. They knew that he had started his revenge. 
They looked at each other and quickly headed upstairs. 
STATH 
Ethel was tugging at the sleeves of a police officer, begging him, “Sir, please have mercy on my family! We still have a young child!” 
Chapter 888 A Fathers Revenge 
“Ma’am, we only work with the evidence that we have. Your daughter–in–law has said too many things that she shouldn’t have. She has badly affected the victim’s family,” the police officer patiently explained. 
Ethel still had her grandchild in her arms. “Sir, their family’s daughter killed herself. It has nothing to do 
with us. 
“My daughter–in–law just doesn’t know how to filter her words. Who would have expected that their daughter would be so weak as to kill herself just because of a few words? If I knew better, my daughter–in- law would never have said it!” 
It was truly hard to pity a person like Ethel. The police did not want to continue talking to her either. 
Seeing the family next door being taken away, Budd realized that not only did he not protect his daughter, but he also did not protect his wife. 
All these people who gossiped would never admit that they were wrong. How dare they call her daughter 
weak? 
Budd’s resentment returned. He looked at Wynter. “Ms. Quinnell, I’m sure you heard what they said.” 
###chapter889
Chapter 889 The Ugliness of the World 
“Yes, I heard.” Wynter did not avoid his gaze. 
Budd chuckled, but he looked like he was crying. “Dulcie is stronger than anyone else. Whert she was young, she said she wanted to be in the military like me when she grew up. 
“When she was in elementary school, whenever her classmates got bullied, she would always stand up for them. How could a child like her be weak?” 
Budd clenched his fists. “I don’t even know what happened, but before I knew it my daughter was gone. Should I not seek revenge? All these people, I… 
When he was young, he put all his effort into protecting the borders. He was always proud of protecting his people. 
When he retired, the country treated him well too. They helped him transition into another career. He was thankful that he had a small family of his own too. 
Later, he realized that it was really hard to do things without any connections. He had a changed boss, so he had to work late from time to time. He had no connections, but he also did not know how to socialize. 
Budd thought that his colleagues would call him antisocial at most. But not having connections ended up affecting not only him but also his wife and daughter! 
Budd hugged his head in pain. “Why didn’t I realize that my daughter was asking me for help? I 
I’ve been in the army. I should know that she was suffering. She waited for me all night. She surely must have something she wanted to tell me. 
“Yes, I was working late every day. But no matter what, I couldn’t finish work, all because my colleagues had connections and I didn’t, so they thought I was the best person to work late.” 
Budd’s cries were filled with hatred. “All these people just because they had connections, they ostracized other colleagues. They made me miss my daughter’s last phone call. 
“After her death, they even talked about it online, especially Jone Ashmore and his family. His entire family is evil. Shouldn’t they deserve to die?” 
Budd had terrified those who came to apologize with the fruit basket. They finally understood why Budd hated them so much. Chills ran down their spines. 
That day, Budd had indeed said he needed to leave because something was happening at home. 
They were in a rush to go for a poker game after work, so they continued making him work. They never would have thought that with one missed call, such a serious thing would happen. 
“Budd, we’re sorry!” Jone was the first one to step up and apologize. He even brought his daughter, Kate, along. He pressed her down. “Apologize to Mr. Wilson!” 
Kate was in her teenage rebellion years. She was not going to apologize in front of so many people. 
“Dad, why should I apologize? What does this have to do with me? I wasn’t the only person in school who 
Chapter 889 The Ugliness of the World 
disliked Dulcie.” 
If it were not for the scary snake, Kate would not have come along. Jone was speechless. Why was his daughter so thickheaded? The fortune teller in his dreams was there too! 
“Watch what you’re saying!” Jone panicked. 
Kate was indignant. “I’m not saying anything. I just don’t like playing with the poor, okay?” 
Jone wanted to slap Kate. Why was she so stupid? 
“The poor?” Wynter raised an eyebrow. She went in closer to Kate. “You said that Dulcie is poor?” 
###chapter890
Chapter 890 The Truth 
Budd was about to lose his temper when Wynter gestured for him to calm down. She took Jone’s hand off him. Jone’s instincts told him that he was finished. He had not forgotten what Wynter did in his dreams. 
Wynter bent down, seemingly a little curious. “Why did you call Dulcie poor? Can you tell me about it?” 
Kate let her guard down upon seeing how Wynter looked quite fashionable and was wearing branded shoes. 
“Nothing much. Everyone knows that she’s not local. She doesn’t have much money or connections. Isn’t she poor then? 
“Not everyone can go to our school. I really don’t know why she insists on coming to our school when she’s not at our level. But, I mean, it’s school, right? There will always be some people who don’t fit in,” Kate said casually. 
Wynter smiled. “And those people that don’t fit in are the poor?” 
“Of course.” Kate nodded. “We have a clear division. We know everything about each other’s families. Some of the poor are still quite obedient. Dulcie just had low emotional intelligence!” 
Wynter noticed that Kate still had some makeup residue on her eyelid. Although she should not judge a person by it, she could still understand a person through their image. 
was natural for a girl to like makeup. Putting on heavy makeup at an inappropriate age could just be attributed to teenage rebellion. 
Wynter asked, “In what way did Dulcie have low emotional intelligence?” 
Budd could not listen to their words any further. His eyes reddened, but his gut was telling him that Wynter was helping him. He turned to look away. He held his sobbing wife’s hand. 
At this moment, Kate suddenly was on guard. She looked up. “Nothing much. She just didn’t get along with us. 
“Your father works at a TV station, while your grandfather and mother work in a bank, right?” Wynter no longer asked about Dulcie. Instead, she switched her focus to Kate’s family. 
Kate was surprised. “How did you know?” 
“I’m a client of your grandfather,” Wynter said calmly. “Logically speaking, if I wanted to cause your grandfather any trouble, he could be investigated tomorrow morning. As for your father, it’s easier to get him fired from the TV station.” 
Jone’s legs turned into jelly. “Ms. Quinnell, I—” 
“So, do you want to tell the truth or not? This has to do with whether your family can continue earning a living or not.” Wynter looked at Kate. 
“I’m guessing that the thing you’re most proud of is your grandfather’s job, right? If he goes to prison, will 
Chapter 890 The Truth 
you become the poor you mentioned in your school?” 
Although Kate was young, she had learned a lot from school. Upon seeing her father’s reaction, she knew that Wynter was not bluffing. Her grandfather might really lose his job! 
“I’ll say it!” Kate said anxiously. “Miss, I swear I never bullied her. I just didn’t want to play with her. She insisted on standing up for someone. On top of that, she looks quite pretty, which was why she…” 
At that point, Kate stopped. She seemed a little worried. “Miss, please don’t tell anyone that I was the one who told you all this. She really offended someone she should not have offended. I wouldn’t dare to offend that person either.” 
###chapter891
Chapter 891 Bring Justice 
Kate’s words shocked Budd. “What do you mean she offended someone she shouldn’t have? Aren’t the teachers supposed to be watching over her at school?” 
“Hey old man, do you really not understand, or are you just playing dumb?” Kate muttered quietly. “So what if it’s at school? Who cares?” 
Budd instantly looked up. He had been to the school quite a few times. He had started frequenting the school after what happened to Dulcie. 
According to the teachers in the school, they lodged a police report and called an ambulance right away since the incident took place during school hours. 
Kids cried out in distress. They had no idea why… The scene was sealed off, and classes were suspended for a day. 
The teachers were saddened by Dulcie’s death. They said scholarship. 
that they’d been helping Dulcie apply for a 
Budd knocked hard on his head. “I asked her if anyone was picking on Dulcie. She said no!” 
“Budd.” Leanne hugged him and sobbed as she said, “Please don’t do this.” 
“She lied to me!” Budd hissed through gritted teeth. “She’s lying! Someone bullied our daughter! They’re all lying to me! Not one of them is telling the truth! 
“My instincts were right! They don’t give a fuck about her life. There’s something off about Dulcie’s death!” Seeing the dark look in Budd’s eyes, Leanne reckoned his illness was about to act up again. 
Wynter was fast to react by stepping forward to hang the Epoch Collection on Budd. Her tone was grave as she appeased him. “Mr. Wilson, I promise that everything will be cleared up. Calm down.” 
However, Budd couldn’t calm down. Indeed, no father could remain calm after receiving such news. Yet, Wynter couldn’t let Budd’s fury rage on. 
It was at that exact instant Wynter realized why Budd had been chosen as a sacrifice. 
Budd was once a hero who risked his life to protect the people at the border, only to be stabbed in the back after transitioning to civilian life. 
He had endured days of injustice, but he couldn’t stay silent about Dulcie’s tragedy. 
A man who had once vowed to protect the country would certainly turn into a vengeful spirit if his spirit were crushed and consumed by resentment one day. Such a scene would inevitably cause turmoil. 
The foe chose to release the dragon in the South–West corner, jeopardizing Kingbourne’s fortune. Atwater’s mention of seals popped up in Wynter’s mind. 
With a firm look in her eyes, Wynter tapped on Budd’s acupuncture point. The Epoch Collection was particularly useful in suppressing wrath, so it was best for Budd not to be triggered further before the truth 
was revealed. 
The sight of the unconscious Budd frightened Leanne. After giving him an anxious pat on the face, she turned to reach for the medicine. 
However, Wynter stopped her. “Mr. Wilson needs some sleep. He has yet to recover from his fever, and his body will fail him if he doesn’t get some proper rest. 
“Mrs. Wilson, keep an eye on him. Mr. Wilson needs your comfort and reassurance. After he wakes up, tell him that I’ll handle everything. 
“It doesn’t matter how powerful or rich Dulcie’s bully Is–I’ll bring the bully to Mr. Wilson. We Quinnells always keep our word. I need to head over to the school.” 
Wynter pointed to the Epoch Collection. “Before I return, make sure Mr. Wilson doesn’t take these coins 
off.” 
Leanne nodded at Wynter with tears in her eyes. She trusted Wynter’s words, not because she was naive. 
But after having been pointed at and judged for so long, she had come to understand the complexities of human nature. She could see the sincerity sparkling in Wynter’s eyes. 
Leanne’s reputation was restored as soon as Wynter appeared. She was certain that Wynter could bring justice to Dulcie. 
###chapter892
Chapter 892 What’s the Truth 
“Hold on.” 
Just as Wynter was about to leave, Leanne stopped her, only to place a bank card in her hand. “Young lady, I don’t know exactly what you do. 
“I’ve heard others talk about you being a CEO, but you look like a lawyer to me. Dulcle’s case needs a lot 
of money. 
“I never accepted the compensation the school offered,” Leanne continued in tears. “I can’t accept the fact that Dulcie left us just like that. 
“The school thought I was the dismissive type, so they kept coming to me. I never signed anything, nor 
did Budd. 
“There isn’t much money in the card, but please take it. I- I can’t let my daughter die without knowing why. 
I need to know what she went through before she died. 
“They told me that Dulcie was depressed and that she had been visiting the psychologist at school. 
“I know Dulcie best. She was a cheerful and bright girl, so even if she were down in the dumps, she 
wouldn’t have disappeared just like that. 
“Before going to school, she told me that she was looking forward to my home–baked birthday cake the upcoming week. But she never made it back. 
“She went to school, which should have been the safest place for her to be. How could she not have 
made it back?” 
Leanne’s cries were heart–wrenching. Her cries were filled with despair and confusion. Her words would. 
resonate with any parent. 
Yes, shouldn’t a school be the safest place for a student to be? How could there be such a mishap? 
What if they were in Leanne’s shoes? What if one day their child, like Dulcie, took their life at school? They couldn’t imagine such a dreadful scenario! 
The staff who had initially come forth to apologize in fear were deeply ashamed of their inhumane words and actions. They hadn’t truly understood the situation of the Wilson family. 
The instructions they received were to downplay the impact of the incident. Someone they were familiar 
with had called them about the incident after all. 
They were informed that the incident was attributed to the competitive nature between students and high academic pressure. 
Plus, students from small towns were known to have behavioral issues. They were popularly recognized for their poor stress–coping abilities. Their task was to urge parents to be more attentive to their 
children’s mental state. 
It wasn’t surprising that they’d assume Dulcie of having done something shameful driven by pure vanity. 
Perhaps she had jumped off the building after feeling humiliated. 
They had even read a post online that hinted at Dulcle having an abortion. That was why they had jumped to conclusions without a second thought. But then, they realized how terribly wrong they had been. 
Each of them rushed to Wynter, offering to help. 
Jone dragged Kate down the stairs as he questioned with reddened eyes, “What’s actually going on? What have you been doing at school every day?” 
Kate shifted her gaze away guiltily. Kate heard cries from upstairs. This caused her attitude to soften as she muttered, “Just making friends, Dad. Didn’t you tell me that the Wilson family is poor? I’m just doing what you did, I…” 
“Among your friends, is there anyone you wouldn’t dare to offend?” 
It was Wynter. Seeing the Ashmore father–daughter duo come down the stairs, she approached with a powerful figure trailing behind her, Dalton. 
For some reason, Kate feared Wynter. She shook her head without saying a word. 
“Is that so? Who’s this girl in the picture then? It looks like everyone admires and looks up to her.” Wynter flipped her phone open and pointed to a picture on Kate’s Facebook page. 
###chapter893
Chapter 893 We Shouldn’t Let the Hero Down 
Kate froze. She stared blankly at Wynter from behind. 
Jone tugged at her. “Why didn’t you tell me about what happened at school?” 
“What was there to tell you about? We can’t afford to offend the Reed family.” Kate bit her lip and hesitated briefly before running down the stairs. 
She shouted to Wynter, who was putting on her helmet, “I’m sorry! I’ll apologize to Dulcie’s parents. I did speak up for her, but it was through my spam account. I dared not use my main. 
“Didn’t you see my Facebook page? I saw a post saying that she had an abortion, and I defended her. I wanted to investigate the truth, but they came for my neck instead.” 
Wynter looked over while holding her helmet. “Got it.” 
“You can’t fight the Reed family,” Kate stammered, unsure about how she should explain it. “They have people looking out for them!” 
Wynter responded with a smirk, “What a coincidence. So do I.” 
Kate’s voice was choked with sobs. “I hate the poor. Wynter, you can tell, can’t you? I don’t like Dulcie either, but her mother’s cries reminded me of my mom. 
“When I was made the ‘donkey‘, I hurt my arm. My mom went to the school to demand an explanation. I 
was so terrified because I knew it wouldn’t change anything.” 
Kate had opposed the donkey game at first. That was the reason why she was assigned the role of the donkey last time. A taste of it made her feel pessimistic about the world. Fighting it seemed pointless. 
Kate was vividly reminded of how Hailey had stood at the top. When they locked Dulcie in the toilet and stripped her, Hailey had jeered, “You lowlifes disgust me. Who are you trying to impress by looking so weak? Country bumpkins like you deserve to be recorded and shown to everyone! 
ey everyone, look at what she’s wearing. She probably buys her undies from thrift stores.” 
“Hey 
The mocking laughter blended into a harsh symphony. Upon hearing those words, Kate was reminded of her own torment and eventually joined them. 
The rich Hailey wouldn’t take their money, but she often had Kate and the others run errands. 
Over time, Kate succumbed to the tasks. Even if it meant being a lackey, staying by Hailey’s side was a form of honor. It protected her from the bullying of being a donkey. 
Yet, under such circumstances, could she feel happy about it? 
Kate wanted to transfer schools, but her family had gone to great lengths to get her into her current school. She wasn’t academically gifted, so her grades would drop if she transferred. 
That was what changed Kate. As a bully, she wouldn’t have to suffer as a victim. 
Chapter 694 We Shouldn’t Let the Here Dewa 
When Dulcie had gotten beaten, Kate hadn’t stepped up to help. The most she could do was refrain from stripping Dulcie’s clothes. 
Perhaps the way Leanne reacted reminded her of how her mom had tried to protect her, or perhaps she was just touched by the cool Wynter. 
All her mom would do now was tell her to focus on her studies. Emotions swirled in Kate’s eyes. 
Without looking back, Wynter put on her helmet and hopped onto her scooter. Dalton remained in his usual spot. Although he might not seem to have paid attention, he had given his orders earlier. 
Kate turned to leave, seeing that she couldn’t change their minds. 
“Do what you promised. Apologize to Mr. Wilson. He’s a retired soldier. Back in his day, he joined rescue missions and served at the border. He was a hero who protected a lot of people.” 
Wynter’s eyes were sparkling. She straddled the scooter as she spoke, “We may not be heroes, but we 
shouldn’t let the hero down.” 
###chapter894
Kate froze. She stared blankly at Wynter from behind. 
Jone tugged at her. “Why didn’t you tell me about what happened at school?” 
“What was there to tell you about? We can’t afford to offend the Reed family.” Kate bit her lip and hesitated briefly before running down the stairs. 
She shouted to Wynter, who was putting on her helmet, “I’m sorry! I’ll apologize to Dulcie’s parents. I did speak up for her, but it was through my spam account. I dared not use my ‘main. 
“Didn’t you see my Facebook page? I saw a post saying that she had an abortion, and I defended her. I wanted to investigate the truth, but they came for my neck instead.” 
Wynter looked over while holding her helmet. “Got it.” 
“You can’t fight the Reed family,” Kate stammered, unsure about how she should explain it. “They have people looking out for them!” 
Wynter responded with a smirk, “What a coincidence. So do I.” 
Kate’s voice was choked with sobs. “I hate the poor. Wynter, you can tell, can’t you? I don’t like Dulcie either, but her mother’s cries reminded me of my mom. 
“When I was made the ‘donkey‘, I hurt my arm. My mom went to the school to demand an explanation. I was so terrified because I knew it wouldn’t change anything.” 
Kate had opposed the donkey game at first. That was the reason why she was assigned the role of the donkey last time. A taste of it made her feel pessimistic about the world. Fighting it seemed pointless. 
Kate was vividly reminded of how Hailey had stood at the top. When they locked Dulcie in the toilet and stripped her, Halley had jeered, “You lowlifes disgust me. Who are you trying to impress by looking so weak? Country bumpkins like you deserve to be recorded and shown to everyone! 
“Hey everyone, look at what she’s wearing. She probably buys her undies from thrift stores.” 
The mocking laughter blended into a harsh symphony. Upon hearing those words, Kate was reminded of her own torment and eventually joined them. 
The rich Hailey wouldn’t take their money, but she often had Kate and the others run errands. 
Over time, Kate succumbed to the tasks. Even if it meant being a lackey, staying by Hailey’s side was a form of honor. It protected her from the bullying of being a donkey. 
Yet, under such circumstances, could she feel happy about it? 
Kate wanted to transfer schools, but her family had gone to great lengths to get her into her current school. She wasn’t academically gifted, so her grades would drop if she transferred. 
That was what changed Kate. As a bully, she wouldn’t have to suffer as a victim. 
When Dulcie had gotten beaten, Kate hadn’t stepped up to help. The most she could do was refrain from stripping Dulcie’s clothes. 
Perhaps the way Leanne reacted reminded her of how her mom had tried to protect her, or perhaps shel was just touched by the cool Wynter. 
All her mom would do now was tell her to focus on her studies. Emotions swirled in Kate’s eyes. 
Without looking back, Wynter put on her helmet and hopped onto her scooter. Dalton remained in his usual spot. Although he might not seem to have paid attention, he had given his orders earlier. 
Kate turned to leave, seeing that she couldn’t change their minds. 
“Do what you promised. Apologize to Uncle Budd. He’s a retired soldier. Back in his day, he joined rescue missions and served at the border. He was a hero who protected a lot of people.” 
Wynter’s eyes were sparkling. She straddled the scooter as she spoke, “We may not be heroes, but we shouldn’t let the hero down.” 
###chapter895
Chapter 895 Let’s Walt a Little Longer for Justice 
The scooter roared, Kate stood still lost in thought. 
At the Wilsons, the people who had come to apologize had left. No one dared to speak ill of Leanne again. The truth had finally come to light, but it was too late. 
Budd was shackled to the bed by the Invisible threads of the Epoch Collection. Leanne couldn’t see them, but as Budd’s wife, she noticed some subtle differences with Budd. It wasn’t just the fever. 
Budd used to be cheerful. No matter how much he suffered at work or how many overtime hours he had to put in, his eyes were always bright whenever he came home. 
Budd had always protected his family. He had always believed that as long as their family stayed together, there was hope for a better future no matter how tough things were. 
But since Dulcie’s death, Budd’s eyes had become dull. 
He insisted that something was fishy about Dulcie’s death and tried to investigate, but he faced hurdles everywhere he turned and was even driven away by others. 
Leanne looked at Budd, who was crying even in his sleep. That was when she noticed that most of his hair had grayed. 
It starkly contrasted with his return from the military. Although Budd had a leg injury, he had been full of spirit back then. 
“I know you’re in pain. I’m here with you for what happened to Dulcie. If we can’t get justice, I’ll join you in seeking revenge,” Leanne softly muttered. She had tried coming up with solutions. 
Some suggested posting a video online to spark a debate about the incident, but Leanne had no idea how she could get the topic to trend. She didn’t understand how social media worked either. 
When the neighbors started to gossip about Leanne behind her back, Leanne questioned if she was the reason Dulcie was inflicted. 
She mulled over how incapable and useless she was. Not only was her family poor, but she was talentless as well. 
Leanne had considered joining Dulcié in death, but she couldn’t leave Budd behind. He was a good husband and father. 
Tears streamed down Leanne’s face as she placed Dulcie’s photo in Budd’s hands and held him close. Budd, let’s wait a little longer for Wynter. Just a little longer.” 
The resentment around Budd stabilized as if he heard Leanne’s words. The glow on the Epoch Collection 
subsided, 
The sea on the South–West corner calmed. The worshiped dragon was amazed by the scene. It couldn’t help but sigh. No one would ever think that emotions could penetrate formations and impact the sacrificial energy. 
Chapter 695 Let’s Wait a Little Longer for Justice 
22 
Declan, who was absorbing energy in a villa in the mountains, opened his eyes suddenly. He frowned in dissatisfaction, annoyed by the interruption. He wondered if something had gone wrong at the South- 
West corner. 
“Come here.” Declan’s voice was hoarse with age. There was a faint trace of gloom detected in his tone. 
Phil, who was standing at the ready, shuddered. He hurried in and peered at the man on the bed through the layers of veil. “Mr. Quinnell, I’m here. Are you hungry? I’ll get the kitchen to send your favorite root herb 
soup.” 
“No need. Find out what’s going on with the Yarwoods.” Declan waved in dismissal. 
“Copy that,” Phil responded curtly. Under normal circumstances, he was not allowed in when Declan was 
cultivating. He had to stay on guard to hide Declan. 
Declan calling for him to enter was rare. Since Phil couldn’t leave, he had to inquire with a call. The response he received was that the Yarwoods were doing fine. 
The reply was very unsettling to hear, especially for Declan, who was the mastermind of the entire 
incident. 
###chapter896
Chapter 896 I Must Meet the Medium 
Declan never imagined that Dalton would make it back alive. Undoubtedly, Dalton had become his most dangerous enemy yet! 
While Declan had planned to erase all the clues, the Yarwoods had already zeroed in on the people he had dined with. Dalton was just too quick. 
Dalton never showed his face. Yet, his actions had the entire business industry in a panic. Everyone feared that they might get taken down the next day. 
“Grandpa, you have a phone call,” Marcus reminded Declan. 
Declan grabbed him and asked, “You went to the address the medium gave us? Are you sure there was no one there?” 
“Yes, I’m sure. It was just a damp place like a cave. If there had been someone, they couldn’t have survived. I went in and saw nothing. 
Declan’s composed facade cracked. He stood up, lowering his voice as he ordered, “Go inform our allies to cut off all communications. 
“If the Yarwood family asks, insist that we don’t know where the news about Mr. Yarwood’s disappearance came from.” 
“Yes.” 
After Marcus left, Declan called Liam into the study. Declan 
couldn’t hold back and threw the ashtray on the table at Liam. 
“Didn’t you say that if we handed Dalton over to the medium and your people, he would disappear without a trace? Look at what happened! He’s back unharmed!” 
Liam seemed just as shocked by this blunder. He looked at the ashtray at his feet and replied, “I will consult with the medium and my boss about this. 
*Please calm down, Mr. Quinnell Senior. The Yarwoods might not know about your involvement. They’ll likely investigate the obvious suspects first.” 
“I know. But with all the recent incidents, my nephew was removed from his position and now faces daily. questioning from the authorities.” 
Declan squinted, his expression heavy with displeasure and worry. “I didn’t agree to work with you to end up in a situation like this.” 
Liam immediately 
ly exclaimed, “Mr. Quinnell Senior, we take this partnership seriously. Shane is just a stepping stone to our success. Didn’t you choose him as a puppet because he was easy to control? 
“Rest assured, no matter what happens, my boss will fulfill his promises to you. You don’t need to worry about your future either. 
“Not only will you take over the Quinnell family, but you’ll also get shares in our company. Moreover, 
Chapter 996 | Must Meet the Medium 
everything has been arranged for you. If you need to lay low, you can leave the country anytime. 
2/2 
“You know better than anyone the medium’s capabilities. What happened this time is just an exception.” 
Declan listened without moving, his gaze growing darker. “I will give you the benefit of the doubt for now, and we will continue our cooperation. But I must meet the medium.” 
Liam paused. “What?” 
“You heard me.” 
Declan wasn’t a fool. In fact, he always kept a backup plan. 
“I used to think the medium was from Riftgard, but recent events have made me suspect that the medium is in Kingbourne. I’m sure he’s Cascadian.” 
Liam didn’t deny Declan’s speculations. He knew that if he did, their partnership might be called off. 
“Indeed, nothing can be hidden from Mr. Quinnell Senior.” 
Liam was a smooth talker. “The medium has always said that only someone with your strategic thinking could keep up with him, which is why we chose to work with you.” 
Declan stared at him, unamused. “Spare me your flattery. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
Claim 
Chapter 997 Lavend International School 
###chapter897
Chapter 897 Lavend International School 
“For all these years, I’ve relled on you to relay messages. I have no idea what the medium looks like. Is it because you never trusted me, or is it inconvenient for me to know the medium’s identity?” 
Declan continued slowly, “Whatever the case, now that there’s a problem and the path forward is unclear, I must meet the medium in person!” 
“I will convey your wishes to the medium,” Liam responded. “Meeting him won’t be an issue once things. 
settle down.” 
At last, Declan let go of the idea of taking drastic measures. “Make sure you clean up the mess thoroughly. Don’t let the Yarwood family trace anything back to me.” 
*Rest assured,” Liam said with a bow. As he turned away, his expression changed, becoming harsh and 
sinister. 
In reality, he thought that Declan was arrogant. Just because Liam addressed him as “Mr. Quinnell Senior” didn’t mean he was anyone important. 
Without their help, Declan would be nothing more than a servant to the Quinnell family. 
The only reason Liam and his people invested in Declan was to use his relations with the Quinnells and 
facilitate their plans. 
If Declan ever became useless, they could easily discard him. They wouldn’t jeopardize their grand plans 
for anyone. 
Besides, the medium had also said that this time’s sacrificial offering was of exceptional quality. 
Just a little more patience and both the Quinnell family and the entire fortune of Cascadia could be gradually weakened! 
They had been setting this up for years, so there was no way they would let anyone see their true purpose 
easily. 
Meanwhile, at Lavend International School, Ivana had been called in unexpectedly and was feeling quite 
irritated 
She wanted a cigarette but couldn’t smoke on campus. Why did it have to be her class that was involved? 
In the past few days, she had been dealing with various people–first parents, then the principal, and even a few persistent detectives. 
They had combed through the classrooms and dormitories and reviewed the security footage countless 
times. 
She couldn’t get any work done, running around all day. Had Dulcie’s parents accepted the school’s compensation, she wouldn’t be facing all this. 
Thinking about Dulcie, Ivana took a deep breath, her hand trembling slightly. She quickly suppressed her 
emotions and entered the office with her books in her arms. 
Chapter 897 Lavend international School 
2/2 
“I heard someone wanted to talk about Dulcie?” 
“Yes.” Wynter was standing by the office window, seemingly watching something outside. She turned around when she heard Ivana’s voice. “We need you to provide more information, Ms. Kowalski.” 
Ivana paused, then adjusted her glasses. “The school has issued a statement. All the information is with the police now. You two aren’t immediate family members of Dulcle. 
“I’ve already informed her parents about everything. Talking about this will only upset them more.” 
“We are acting on behalf of her parents,” Wynter said indifferently. “As their lawyer, I need to ask you a few detailed questions, Ms. Kowalski.” 
Upon learning that she was a lawyer, Ivana quickly responded, “I have a class soon, and I won’t have much time to talk. You should speak with our school administration.” 
Wynter smiled, a cold glint in her eyes. “Pushing this matter around makes it seem like you’re trying to hide something. 
“It really raises suspicions that there might be something undiscovered here, such as,” She stepped 
closer to Ivana. “bullying.” 
Ivana instantly rebuked, “Even if you’re a lawyer, you can’t make baseless accusations!” 
###chapter898
Chapter 898 Youth Doesn’t Mean Innocence 
“As a top International school, our students are very united. However, some of them do face significant academic pressure, Ivana said, changing her tone to avoid conflict. 
“Today’s kids often get caught up in their own heads. If parents don’t pay attention to their mental health, there’s only so much the school can do. 
“I am deeply saddened by what happened to Dulcie, but we need to reflect on why it happened. Could it be that her parents placed too much pressure on her?” 
Ivana pointed to the surveillance camera outside the office, adding, “Half a month before Dulcie jumped, she fought with her mother. 
“As teachers, we can’t speak to everything that happens at home. Sometimes parents can be too harsh, leaving no room for the child, and the child might make poor decisions as a result.” 
She was obviously leading the conversation in a specific direction. 
Wynter tapped her phone screen, her smile tinged with a predatory gleam. “That is why you have a part in this too, Ms. Kowalski,” 
“What do you mean?” Ivana snapped as she grew flustered. “I’m just trying to explain-” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow, interrupting her and flashing a police badge. “No need for explanations. Given your misleading testimony, I’m having you taken into custody. 
“Also, where is Hailey from your class? I need to speak with her.” 
Ivana’s face paled, and she avoided Wynter’s gaze. “Hailey is taking a break from class today.” 
“Ms. Kowalski, you know that giving false testimony and being dishonest is illegal, right?” Wynter’s voice was calm but firm. “Before I came to the school, I verified that Hailey was here.” 
At this point, Ivana panicked. “Yes, but she is taking a break. She’s in the principal’s office-” 
Realizing she had just exposed herself, Ivana suddenly fell silent. Wynter didn’t spare her another glance. Instead, she immediately walked toward the principal’s office. 
At that moment, Halley was sprawled on the couch, texting on her phone as she ranted to her group of friends. 
“My mom has been treating me like a prisoner these past few days. I’m bored to death! She won’t let me go anywhere and even made me delete all my old videos. 
“Now, I have to hide just to watch anything fun. It’s so annoying!” 
As soon as she sent the message, her friends chimed in. 
Nellie said, “My dad is on my case too. He says the investigations are strict right now and that we’re safe as long as we don’t cause any public outcry. He wants me to focus on my studies and stop getting into 
trouble.” 
Chapte, pub Youth Doesn’t Me 
Tessa Thompson asked, “Why don’t the Wilsons just take the money? Everything would blow over if they did. Aren’t they poor?” 
Hailey sat up, pressed the voice message button, and grumbled with dindnin, “They’re just pretending to be all high and mighty. Either that, or they think the money offered in too little and are waiting for more. 
“People like them go crazy once they got a whiff of money. Dulole was like that, and her parents are no different. I don’t understand why my mom wants me to hold back this time.” 
Lola replied, “Even though there’s no publie outery, I heard Dulcle’s dad was in the military. That might. make things tricky.” 
Hailey dismissed it. “So what if he was in the military?” 
Tessa explained, “Her dad is a problem though. He keeps coming to the school. Last time, he cornered me, asking about Dulcie like a maniac. Saying stuff like, ‘You know my daughter Dulcie. She was a good student and even helped you with your studies.‘ 
“Ugh! I felt like throwing up. My mom has hired so many private tutors for me, and he thinks I need Dulcie’s help. I was just messing with her, and she took it seriously!” 
###chapter899
Chapter 899 Some Evils Are Inriate 
Hailey was just about to laugh at her friend’s message when the door suddenly burst open with a bang 
Ivana’s hurried voice came through the door. “Our principal Isn’t here right now. If you have any questions, you’ll have to wait until she returns.” 
“Ms. Kowalski, what’s all the fuss about?” Halley stood up, clearly annoyed. As she looked up, she saw someone else standing next to Ivana. 
Seeing that it was a young woman, Hailey didn’t bother to hide her arrogarice. “Are you looking for my mom? She’s not here. How rude can people be these days, coming to ask for favors like this?” 
Hailey then inspected her nails, her contempt evident. She assumed the visitor was another person who had previously sought her mother’s help for various favors. 
Wynter scrutinized the high school girl before her. There wasn’t a trace of innocence. She reeked of a foul 
stench from head to toe, and a murkiness permeated from within her. Such people were rare. 
Although Hailey wasn’t aware that she was a sacrificial offering, Sothoth had a talent for catalyzing the 
essence of the living soul. 
Someone ás profoundly evil as Hailey was, in some ways, less redeemable than the unborn souls dwelling 
underground. 
“I’m not here for your mom. I’m here for you,” Wynter announced, her eyes piercing and her face stunningly beautiful, yet lethal. 
Hailey didn’t like the way Wynter looked at her, nor did she like anyone prettier than herself. 
“Ms. Kowalski, didn’t my mom tell you not to let anyone disturb me?” she said, crossing her arms and raising her chin arrogantly. “You had one job. You should-” 
Before Hailey could finish her sentence, she spotted Dalton standing behind Wynter. In an instant, a girlish blush tinted Hailey’s cheeks as she looked at Dalton, the most handsome man she had ever seen. 
Not even the celebrities her father introduced her to could compare. 
“Are you her boyfriend?” Hailey asked Dalton, her voice sweet and innocent and a smile playing on her lips. 
“She’s not good enough for you. She’s so rude. You should be with me instead. My family has money and power. You don’t have to beg others for favors like she does.” 
Dalton had not wanted to look at her, but he couldn’t help glancing over at her when he heard her words. 
While his expression remained indifferent, his gaze was chilling as though Hailey was nothing more than a foul–smelling carcass to him 
Hailey was taken aback by his ferocity. She couldn’t quite describe how she felt inside. Just a moment ago, she had been looking at Dalon with admiration like he were the epitome of charm and grace. 
So, why did he seem so terrifying up close? He looked as if he could see through all her secrets. Halley 
took a step back. 
Wynter watched her with amusement. “Did you just tell him your family has money and power?” 
“Is that funny?” Hailey suddenly lost her desire to steal Wynter’s boyfriend. “Go away. Whatever you want from me is not going to happen.” 
Ivana had been watching from the side, intending to give Hailey a hint. However, for some reason, since arriving at the doorway, she had found herself speechless. 
It was as if something were holding her back, paralyzing her. She couldn’t even make eye contact with 
Hailey. 
Wynter took advantage of the situation, tapping her phone and casually blocking Ivana with her body. She turned back to Hailey. “You’re saying your mom often does things for other people?” 
“Of course!” Hailey blurted out subconsciously. Then, she seemed to realize something and narrowed her 
eyes. “But that’s none of your business.” 
Suddenly, Wynter picked up her phone. Her voice was calm and faint as she said, “Did you hear that?” 
C 
###chapter900
hapter 900 No One Can Escape 
“Yes, boss. So did Principal Dunbar.” 
As it turned out, Wynter had been on the phone all along. 
On the other end of the call was the principal of Lavend International School, Sally Dunbar, whom Wynter had long since had her people escort into the police car. 
Earlier, Sally had been abruptly summoned for questioning, but there was no interrogation like before. Instead, they simply put a phone in front of her, on speaker. 
At first, Sally didn’t understand what they were up to. She didn’t say a word. She had her own techniques for dealing with this sort of thing–she’d just walt for her lawyer. 
Nevertheless, when she heard Wynter mention her daughter’s name, she couldn’t sit still anymore. She struggled to leave, but the car doors were locked. 
“Principal Dunbar, our Special Operations Team operates independently. Your connections mean nothing to us. If you interfere and harm yourself, we won’t take responsibility.” 
At this moment, Sally truly regretted her decision. She should have gotten out of the car earlier instead of sitting there idly! 
“You’re coercing a confession!” Sally yelled madly. “Hailey, don’t listen to her! Hailey!” 
She screamed until her face turned red, but what good would it do? They couldn’t hear her on the other end. 
Wynter wanted to let these lowlives taste their own medicine and to see their own daughter being threatened and feel powerless. 
Sometimes the most satisfying way to punish the bad guys was to let them linger in fear and uncertainty. 
As expected, Sally let out a shriek. Her usually elegant demeanor as a principal disappeared as she clung to the front seat. “Who’s talking to my daughter on the phone? Who is it? 
“Why are you picking on her and not me? Don’t involve my daughter!” 
Expressionlessly, Wynter listened to the commotion coming from the phone and uttered, “Sorry, Halley is just too adorable. I want to chat with her a bit more.” 
“Who are you talking to?” Hailey sensed something amiss. “I warn you, you better not be illegally recording. It won’t work for my family.” 
Surprisingly, Wynter agreed with her. “Indeed, your grandfather is quite powerful. Not only did he arrange for his son to enter the Department of Education, but he also made his daughter–in–law a school principal. 
“Of course, his granddaughter is the most impressive of all. Ordering teachers around and bullying students is normal for you, isn’t it?” Wynter strode closer to Hailey. “After all, you have your family covering for you, right?” 
Chapter 900 No One Can Escape 
Hailey wasn’t stupid. She immediately denied Wynter’s claims, saying, “Don’t slander me! Do you have any evidence for saying all this?” 
“Not a moment ago. But now…” Wynter glanced at the phone on the desk in front of her. 
Catching this, Hailey suddenly turned pale. She hadn’t had time to delete the chat logs from earlier! The next second, she picked up her phone and swiftly deleted all the messages. 
“Phew, that should do it,” she thought. Now, they wouldn’t have any hard evidence. 
Wynter quietly watched her actions before saying, “Well done. Your reaction confirms my thoughts, and I 
found the evidence I needed.” 
“Say what you like.” Hailey shrugged as she was convinced she was in the clear. 
Wynter continued leisurely, “The police found your mother earlier and asked some questions, including some about your lost phone and a replacement SIM card. 
“She was smart to know to dispose of your old phone, especially since it had a lot of evidence on it. Do you know why your mother threw away your phone?” 
Wynter drawled, “Because we can recover deleted chat records.” 
###chapter901
Chapter 901 No Matter Who Comes 
Chapter 901 No Matter Who Comes 
Upon hearing this, Hailey felt as if she had fallen into an ice cellar. Her body felt cold 
“You have no right to take my phone. You-” Hailey’s words stopped abruptly when Wynter took out her ID. 
“I’m a plainclothes officer, so I have the right.” 
Only then did Hailey realize that she had fallen into a trap. 
Wynter was too young, and her overall demeanor did not seem like that of a police officer but more like someone in a gray area. 
If not because of that, Hailey would not have completely let down her guard. 
Wynter did this deliberately so that she would show her true nature. 
Hailey knew that she was out of luck, so she went along with it. “I want to contact my parents, and I want 
my family lawyer to be here.” 
“Please do so.” Wynter did not care at all. “But before that, as one of the masterminds of school violence. you have oppressed and humiliated Dulcie for a long time. 
“You forced her to suffer physical and emotional damage and fall to her death. I have the right to interrogate you in accordance with the law.” 
When Hailey heard the name Dulcie, she was scared for a moment, but she soon calmed down. 
When that bitch died, the whole school knew about it. Her mother was able to suppress the matte 
It had been over two months now, so she did not believe that anything else could be found. Her grandfather told her that as long as she stuck to her excuse, she should be safe. 
She was a minor, and even if she made a small mistake, it couldn’t be held against her. 
So, when Hailey sat down again, she was no longer panicking. 
The personnel responsible for this case also rushed to the school. 
Thomas, who was retired at the time, heard the news that someone was looking for this granddaughter. 
“Wasn’t it said before that this case had nothing to do with Hailey? She’s so young. What bad intentions 
could she have?” 
Thomas lost his mood to appreciate the fish and flowers. He frowned and said, “Who is so obsessed with this matter? There is no end to this suicide investigation, is there?” 
“It is rather unexpected this time. Would you want to go and have a look?” 
Hearing this, Thomas put down the fish food. “My relationships with others are dwindling, but it’s fine if it’s all for my granddaughter’s sake.” 
Knowing that there was someone else coming, Wynter was not in a rush to carry out the interrogation. 
Hailey wasn’t stupid. She immediately denied Wynter’s claims, saying, “Don’t slander me! Do you have any evidence for saying all this?” 
“Not a moment ago. But now…” Wynter glanced at the phone on the desk in front of her. 
Catching this, Hailey suddenly turned pale. She hadn’t had time to delete the chat logs from earlier! The next second, she picked up her phone and swiftly deleted all the messages. 
“Phew, that should do it,” she thought. Now, they wouldn’t have any hard evidence. 
Wynter quietly watched her actions before saying, “Well done. Your reaction confirms my thoughts, and I 
found the evidence I needed.” 
“Say what you like.” Hailey shrugged as she was convinced she was in the clear. 
Wynter continued leisurely, “The police found your mother earlier and asked some questions, including some about your lost phone and a replacement SIM card. 
“She was smart to know to dispose of your old phone, especially since it had a lot of evidence on it. Do you know why your mother threw away your phone?” 
Wynter drawled, “Because we can recover deleted chat records.” 
Chapter 901 No Matter Who Comes 
Chapter 901 No Matter Who Comes 
Upon hearing this, Hailey felt as if she had fallen into an ice cellar. Her body felt cold. 
“You have no right to take my phone. You-” Hailey’s words stopped abruptly when Wynter took out her ID. 
“I’m a plainclothes officer, so I have the right.” 
Only then did Hailey realize that she had fallen into a trap. 
Wynter was too young, and her overall demeanor did not seem like that of a police officer but more like 
someone in a gray area. 
If not because of that, Hailey would not have completely let down her guard. 
Wynter did this deliberately so that she would show her true 
e nature. 
Hailey knew that she was out of luck, so she went along with it. “I want to contact my parents, and I want my family lawyer to be here.” 
“Please do so.” Wynter did not care at all. “But before that, as one of the masterminds of school violence, you have oppressed and humiliated Dulcle for a long time. 
“You forced her to suffer physical and emotional damage and fall to her death. I have the right to interrogate you in accordance with the law.” 
When Hailey heard the name Dulcie, she was scared for a moment, but she soon calmed down. When that bitch died, the whole school knew about it. Her mother was able to suppress the matter. 
It had been over two months now, so she did not believe that anything else could be found. Her grandfather told her that as long as she stuck to her excuse, she should be safe. 
She was a minor, and even if she made a small mistake, it couldn’t be held against her. 
So, when Hailey sat down again, she was no longer panicking. 
The personnel responsible for this case also rushed to the school. 
Thomas, who was retired at the time, heard the news that someone was looking for this granddaughter. 
“Wasn’t it said before that this case had nothing to do with Hailey? She’s so young. What bad intentions could she have?” 
Thomas lost his mood to appreciate the fish and flowers. He frowned and said, “Who is so obsessed with this matter? There is no end to this suicide investigation, is there?” 
“It is rather unexpected this time. Would you want to go and have a look?” 
Hearing this, Thomas put down the fish food. “My relationships with others are dwindling, but it’s fine if It’s all for my granddaughter’s sake.” 
Knowing that there was someone else coming. Wynter was not in a rush to carry out the interrogation. 
Chapter 901 No Matter Who Conser 
2/2 
On the other hand, Dalton sure knew how to enjoy himself, as he had someone prepare tea and a food platter for him. He sat near the door, wearing a crisp black suit. 
His legs were slightly splayed, and there were a few project proposals next to him. Those who did not know better would think that he was there to discuss business. 
Wynter took a look at him. 
Dalton chuckled and broke off a piece of pastry for her. “Eat something, I’ll help you keep watch here.” 
“Keep watch?” Wynter did not stand on ceremony with him, so she opened her mouth and accepted that piece of pastry. 
With her cheeks puffed out, she asked, “Does someone in the Reed family know you?” 
She was still good at getting to the crux of things. 
Dalton did not deny it. He took out a piece of tissue and wiped the comer of her mouth, saying, “Yes.” 
Wynter imagined the scene that could happen later, then suddenly smiled. “It’s indeed appropriate for you to keep watch.” 
Just as she was talking, her handphone buzzed. 
It was a message from Wolf. “The data restoration is complete. Do you want me to start now?” 
He seemed really excited, as it was rare for him to use the computer these days. 
“Wait a little longer. Not everyone has arrived.” Wynter did not want to leave anyone out. “Have you gone through everyone on the friends list?” 
Wolf immediately replied, “Yes, they all participated. The donkey game and those selected were recorded in detail inside.” 
“There is another lead,” he added. 
After all, Wolf was the hacker L, and he was able to investigate the hidden leads on his own. 
“There is something wrong with a boy called Wyatt Lowe. He is very, very, very bad.” 
###chapter902
Chapter 902 Retribution 
As an ancient beast of chaos, Wolf was proficient at certain things but not good at others. He had limited adjectives in his vocabulary. 
It was a bit difficult for him to express some things, so he simply sent the chat history between Wyatt and Hailey to Wynter. 
The records were as follows. 
“You had sex with that bitch, right? Hailey asked Wyatt. 
He replied with a shrug emoji. “Don’t think too much.” 
“Don’t deny it. I saw it–all three of you. You even took a picture of that bitch.” 
Wyatt seemed annoyed. “Let’s not talk about this. I’ll treat you to afternoon tea.” 
“How could you even touch her when she is so poor? Wyatt, don’t forget that you are still my boyfriend. Of all the people, you had to go and look for that slut, Dulcie. Don’t you know that I hate her the most?” 
After that, Wyatt tried to coax Hailey. “I was just fooling around. She had been badly played, so you should be happy about it.” 
Wynter clenched her phone tightly. She had expected this to be dark, but seeing it with her own eyes, she could not suppress her anger. 
“Find out who the three are and send the information to me.” After replying to Wolf, Wynter walked into 
the classroom. 
At that moment, Hailey was feeling restless after being locked up. 
“Lawyer! I want to see my family and lawyer. Officer, I really did not do anything.” She was begging for 
mercy from the detective, who was taking notes. 
Wynter put her phone directly in front of Halley. “Halley, data cannot lie. Everything you have done has 
been recorded here.” 
When Hailey saw the chat history, she started to panic. 
She was no longer behaving like before, only repeating that she wanted to see her lawyer. Her expression changed, and she began to plead and cry. 
“I am still too young. I was immature and impulsive, Officer, I know I was wrong.” 
She did not plead with Wynter but instead tugged the detective’s sleeve. 
“I simply did not like her, so I jsolated her. You can see that those things were done by others. It really had nothing to do with me.” 
From a 
young age, Hailey had been taught that she would marry someone in the future, so she should not get her hands dirty. 
Hapi 
Just as she said, those who took action were the others. Most of them did it to please her, and she just haughtily watched everything unfold. 
Hailey’s reason for doing that was precisely for a situation like now, so that she could easily get away. 
“Officer- 
Wynter saw through her act and brought up a video Instead. “Hailey, you had better see this before speaking.” 
The video was from early on, when she found out that her boyfriend was attracted to Dulcie. 
She could not control herself and personally pushed Dulcle’s head into the toilet bowl to force her to drink the water inside. 
How did Wynter find this video? There were obviously no cameras in the restroom. That was why they always bullied Dulcie in there. 
Who? Who betrayed her? No, it could not go on like this. 
“I want my grandpa!” Hailey screamed. 
At that moment. Thomas arrived. 
He was impressive, especially after taking the back seat from being on the frontlines of education. 
Although he claimed to have retired, he still held some power. He never kept a low profile when he came 
to the school, and there was no need to hide. 
Essentially, Thomas was an expert. 
The school’s teachers greeted him in the usual manner, and the school director, Sanford Caine, personally accompanied him. 
“Mr. Reed Senior, we tried to stop them but failed. They are in the classroom just ahead.” 
###chapter903
Chapter 903 Thomas Is Scared 
Thomas was so mad that he started laughing. “You falled to stop them? This is a school, and right now is the most important time for students who are about to graduate. Who will be responsible for affecting their progress?” 
“Ye, you are right. But the person handling the case- Sanford found it difficult to continue, as he had not actually seen her. He just had a feeling that she was not to be trifled with. 
Thomas snorted. “No one can handle a case this way. Do they not care about the consequences? I want to see who is so ignorant of the rules.” 
Just as he finished speaking, he saw a man around the corner. He was seated outside the classroom while drinking tea. 
There happened to be a pear tree below the teaching block, and there were pear blossoms on the ground. 
When Thomas saw who the man was, he paused in his steps. 
Before he could react, Dalton raised his eyes and glanced over. With a pleasant tone, he said, “I have been away from school for so long that I no longer know the school rules. 
“I request that Mr. Reed Senior teach me how to take advantage of his position and allow his granddaughter to bully others. To be honest, I am interested in the criminal psychology of teenagers.” 
Hearing that, Thomas‘ legs weakened, and he nearly lost his balance. If Sanford had not steadied him from behind, he would have collapsed. 
Sanford exclaimed, “Mr. Reed Senior!” 
He was still in shock when Thomas grabbed his arm and whispered, “Why didn’t you tell me it was Mr. Yarwood who came? What are you all doing?“/ 
Mr. Yarwood? The Yarwood family’s youngest scion? Sanford had to pause, too. 
The only one who could move seemed to be Dalton. He stood up and dusted the pear blossoms from his 
shoulders. 
“Wasn’t Mr. Reed Senior in a hurry just now? Please.” He turned aside and moved away from the entrance 
to the classroom. 
Thomas‘ face turned pale, and he said anxiously, “Mr. Yarwood, there must be some misunderstanding 
“I heard from the school teachers that someone is conducting the investigation procedure incorrectly. I didn’t know it was you.” 
In contrast, Dalton’s eyes were very light. He turned toward the teachers at the side and explained, “It is a normal interrogation. The defective is also present. 
“Mr. Reed Senior, which teacher said that the procedure was incorrect?” 
Thomas was in a bind, so he looked at Sanford, 
Chapter 903 Thomasis scored 
There was cold sweat on Sanford’s forehead. “It’s like this, Mr. Y–Yarwood, Ms. Kowalski, who received you, is the third–year students‘ teacher. 
“She had classes today, but she never showed up. The students were anxious, so we contacted Mr. Reed. 
Senior.” 
“That’s right. The students were anxious. Thomas reacted quickly. “Mr. Yarwood, you do not know that Ms. Kowalski is well–liked by the students. Her disappearance would inevitably affect the student’s 
studies.” 
He said that because he wanted to clear his name. He also didn’t want it to seem like he was there to get his granddaughter but to show care for the teachers instead. 
However, his smile quickly fell because, from the other side of the classroom, someone was shouting 
hysterically. 
“How many times have I told you that I want to see my grandpa? Don’t you understand? My uncle is also in the police force. 
“You cannot handcuff me. I am still underaged. I want my guardian. I want to see my grandpa! 
“When my grandpa gets here, he will not let you off so easily. Especially you!” 
Hailey could pretend for a short time but could not keep it up for too long. Wynter kept provoking her, and she did not appear to take her seriously. 
Hailey had never been so aggrieved. 
Chapter 504 Unrepentant 
###chapter904
Chapter 904 Unrepentant 
On the day that Dulcie jumped, there was a psychological counselor present when Hailey was questioned. The counselor was also very courteous to Sally. 
Were they ignoring everything today? 
“I am going to file a complaint against you. You are affecting my studies. Don’t even think that you can still be a police officer anymore!” 
The influence brought by Sothoth was not entirely bad. Rainy days can affect a person’s mood, and there. were factors in water that could stimulate inner thoughts. That was the reason Wynter brought him along. 
It was difficult to get anything out of Hailey with the way she was acting earlier. She was calling out to the detective, trying to be sweet, though she was cruel in reality. It was also tough to find any fault with her. 
She was so distraught now that she nearly gave Thomas, who was just outside, a heart attack. 
He held his chest with one hand, knowing he was finished even without looking at Dalton’s face. 
They held back their identities for a long time and interrogated Hailey in the school to prevent the news from leaking out. It was also to lure Thomas so that they could apprehend him. 
The moment he arrived at the school, he was destined to be unable to clear himself. 
Thomas did not understand what went wrong. He had taught Hailey what to say. Why did she break down 
at this time? 
Thomas tried holding himself together. 
With a bang, the classroom door opened. 
It was Wynter. She glanced at Hailey, who was still shouting, her long hair in a mess. When Hailey saw who was outside, she quickly ran out of the classroom. 
“Grandpa, what took you so long?” 
Thomas‘ heart nearly stopped after being shouted at. He got to see his granddaughter, just as he wished. 
However, this scene was also casually recorded by Wynter. 
Haily was still shouting. “This person has been recording me. Grandpa, have someone fire her. She simply 
Thomas slapped her, and Hailey was stunned. 
Thomas did not have time to care about her at all. He stepped forward to explain, “Ms. Quinnell, my granddaughter is still young, and she’s babbling nonsense. 
“As someone from the Department of Education, no matter how great my abilities are, I could not influence the police’s handling of this case.” 
“Do you know me?” Wynter smiled. “Then I won’t beat around the bush. Your granddaughter mentioned 
Chapter 504 Unrepentant 
that she has an uncle in the police force. 
2/2 
“Mr. Reed Senior, you have such a wide network. Even after your retirement, your reputation remains. So, wherever you go, people will give you the green light. 
“It’s unlike Dulcie, who was bullied by your granddaughter. Until now, her family has not, with all certainty, 
seen her remains.” 
Wynter stepped forward. “Mr. Reed Senior, please tell me how the school could burn the body to ashes. without any consent from the family. 
“Where is Dulcie’s autopsy report? And where are the police records for that day?” 
“T–This, I am not sure.” Thomas took two steps back. When he recovered, he protested, “Ms. Quinnell, my granddaughter is bad–tempered. 
“No matter how much her grandmother and I try to control her, she is still like this. She doesn’t understand the severity of things. 
“She did not like being friends with Dulcie, and her actions were extreme. I will educate her properly.” 
Thomas assured her, “Whatever conditions the victim’s family wishes to put forward, the Reeds can make 
it happen.” 
“Conditions?” asked Wynter, raising an eyebrow. 
Because of that, Thomas thought there was a chance. “I remember Dulcie’s father has retired from the army. Is that right? 
“And his leg is injured, so certain work is difficult for him. We can compensate for that. Her mother, too, 
the Reeds could also-” 
“This shouldn’t be the first time that Mr. Reed Senior has done something like this.” Wynter chuckled. You are thinking of using money to silence the Wilsons.” 
Hailey held her red cheek and could not bear it anymore. “We are expressing our gratitude. They are already poor, so we are giving them money and stopping them from troubling us. 
“Isn’t that killing two birds with one stone? Why are you pretending to be noble on the Wilsons‘ behalf?” 
###chapter905
Chapter 905 The Reed Family Is Finished 
“Shut up!” Thomas was infuriated with Hailey and gave her another slap. This time, the force was so great that she fell to the ground. 
“Grandpa, why are you afraid of her? Dulcie was depressed, so she jumped off the building. It’s none of my business.” 
Hailey continued yelling without any control over her emotions, “Who cares if those at the lower rungs of society die? Why is everyone troubling me for it? It’s not like I was the one who pushed her.” 
Thomas could barely breathe after hearing her words. 
Wynter’s eyes grew dark. “Mr. Reed Senior was not here earlier, so I will repeat it again. I was entrusted by the Wilsons to handle this matter. 
“As for what you mentioned just now, their conditions are simple. They want a life for a life.” 
Hailey laughed, her eyes fierce. “This is ridiculous. A life for a life? She committed suicide. I am a minor. How are you going to make me pay for her miserable life?” 
Wynter looked at her and lightly clapped once, as if applauding. “It’s very surprising that Ms. Reed knows 
the law. 
“It seems like her not understanding the severity of things isn’t the case. Rather, she has even carefully 
studied the relevant laws on minors. 
“As it turns out, you clearly understood what you were doing and had the ability to decide on whether to 
engage in such criminal activity.” 
As soon as Wynter said those words, Thomas became even more panicked. He quickly crouched down 
and covered Hailey’s mouth. 
“Ms. Quinnell, my granddaughter is still young. She is just trying to be strong and aggressive. She doesn’t know anything about the law.” 
Not having the ability to decide on whether to engage in such criminal activity was different from knowing the law and breaking it. 
Did Wynter, whom the Quinnell family had just brought home, really want Hailey’s life? 
Wynter met Thomas‘ eyes. “I will put her aside for now. Mr. Reed Senior, you are an education expert who understands everything and has partaken in a lot of illegal activities.” 
With Dalton there, Thomas was terrified. But now, he had to fight back. Otherwise, the Reeds would be 
destroyed. 
“There must be evidence for everything. I do have some bias toward my granddaughter. But when it gets to that point, there will be relevant parties coming to investigate me. Ms. Quinnell, you do not have to worry about it.” 
Thomas‘ mind was filled with thoughts of leaving first. Only by leaving could he have a chance to deal 
Chapte 905 The Reed Family Is Finished 
with this again. 
Regarding the matter with the Wilsons, as far as Thomas knew, Halley was not the only one Involved. The Lowe family’s involvement in this matter was greater than the Reed family’s. 
He would go back and gather a few families to discuss countermeasures. He could go and work on his connections. Maybe there could be a chance to turn the tables. 
However, in the next second, his plan fell through when Wynter took out a certificate. This certificate was 
different from others because there was a bar on it. 
“It seems that Mr. Reed Senior has not figured out the situation yet.” Wynter slapped the certificate on his palm. “I told you I would handle this matter for the Wilsons. 
“I am the Special Unit’s leader and the Thunderbolt Squad’s captain. Which other relevant department would you prefer to have someone sent from to investigate you? 
“I will cuff whoever comes today.” Wynter’s voice was low and different from her usual tone. 
Thomas had been around, and precisely because of that, he was more aware of the value of that bar. 
How could Wynter have attained such a status? Who was really behind her? Which superior from the force reversed the case for the Wilsons this time? 
Thomas was already weak, and his clothes were soaked in cold sweat. If he was taken away, he could not tip off the others. 
Hailey had never seen Thomas be afraid of anyone until now. She even had to watch her grandfather be 
taken away. 
This was something that she had never imagined before. How dare they confront the Reeds? 
Chapter 906 Nowhere to Jun 
###chapter906
Chapter 906 Nowhere to Run 
It felt like Hailey’soul had slipped out of her body. For the first time in her life, she truly felt scared.
She crawled forward and reached out to tug at Wynter. “Ms. Quinnell, I was wrong. I truly know that I was wrong." 
“Can you give me another chance? I will definitely not be like this again in the future. I beg you, please don’t challenge the Reeds and let my grandpa go.
“If you want to avenge Dulcie, come and slap me. I’ll let you slap me.”
Wynter did not look at her but turned her attention back to her phone and sent several videos as well as a message to Wolf.
“Along with the things you found, post everything online. You should also hack into their hard drives and send them each an email, especially those in the group that Hailey was chatting with earlier.
“When posting the videos, remember to abide by the lacensor their faces.”
Wolf replied quickly, “Roger that. Man, the truth is coming out so fast that it’s not exciting anymore.”
“If you want excitement, go to their parents more often. Don’t post all the videos at once, but post one after several minutes.”
Wynter’s command was very precise. Wolf understood that it was meant to scare people.
Just like when he
was hunting, he would not rush to eat. First, he would round up the prey and then scare it until it was stunned. It would be delicious when roasted with a sprinkle of salt and pepper.
He started drooling when he remembered the water dragon that got away. It was a real pity. Why did he make a contract with Wynter?
Such bad dragons were no longer common. None of the other dragons would taste as good.
After a while, Wolf snapped back to reality, remembering his task to cause some trouble.
In a bustling coffee shop, no one noticed a boy holding up his tablet and starting to type.
His notebook was specially customized and could be restored after use. He chose this place because the regional network was very close to them.
Moreover, he wanted to circumvent detection by certain departments. Wynter said that he must abide by the law.
The school was being investigated again, and the Lowe family knew about it. However, they did not receive any news about what had happened with the Reed family.
The chihad a 
group chát, and the chatter there was normal. Not long ago, Halley had said something, so the others would not doumuch.
Especially the girl called Tessa, who stayed at home and never went to school after the incident.
she said, there were many hired tutors at home. Whether she wanted to study or not depended on her mood.
But she was still very upset, all because Dulcie made it difficult for the close friends to meet.could. not go to school and select a new donkey to play with, either.
The first two days were fine, but it got boring after too long.
“Why don’t we go shopping?” suggested Tessa, not forgetting to tag Hailey. “Blueberry has some new products for afternoon tea. Should I ask the driver to pick you up?”
There was no reply.
Tessa was wondering what happened when Beatrice Cole spoke, “I asked you to read up on the Information. Why are you chatting ” 
“Mom, I don’t want to go abroad. Why do you have to send me away?” Tessa could not understand.
With darkening eyes, Beatrice looked at her. “Why don’t you understand? Things aren’t so simple this time. You have to go abroad anyway, so why don’t you take advantage of this to go earlier?”
“I won’t go, and I’m very comfortable here. Everything is unfamiliar to me overseas. What if I get bullied again?” said Tessa petulantly.
She continued, “Mom, this isn’t such a big deal. Things like this have happened before. I believe you and Dad can protect me. Since I’m still young, won’t you worry if you send me abroad?”
Beatrice seemed hesitant.
At that very moment…
###chapter907
Chapter 907 No Escape 
With a swoosh, all the electrical appliances in the house were suddenly turned on. 
“What’s going on, Nora?” Beatrice called out to the nanny, Nora Langford, in confusion. 
Nora, who was cutting fruits in the kitchen, rushed out. “What’s wrong. Mrs. Thompson?” 
“Who turned on the screencast and theater?” Without standing up, Beatrice requested, “Go and turn them 
off.” 
Tessa did not pay attention to what was happening. She took her phone and prepared to continue sending messages. 
Yet, in the very next second, she completely froze. From the screening casting came a voice she was. 
most familiar with. 
“Didn’t you think that you were good at studying? So study–this!” That was her voice, and what she had 
said in the school restroom. 
Tessa suddenly looked up and saw that she was slapping Dulcie. 
Although her face was pixelated in the video, those close to her would not fail to recognize her. She had bought the clip in her hair during an overseas trip with her mother. 
“Tessa, what is this?” The usually dignified Beatrice stood up, her face pale. 
Tessa put down her phone in panic. “Mom, listen to me. This is the game that I have told you about before. Dulcie was chosen as the donkey.” 
The Tessa in the video was very violent. Pulling Dulcie’s hair, she said, “Hailey, look at how disgusting she 
is now.” 
Hailey was also there, smiling happily. “She looks like a beggar. You keep recording her, and don’t move 
the camera about.” 
With force, Tessa started to tear off Dulcie’s clothes. “Don’t you like being a bitch? We’ll let others enjoy 
how you look now. 
“How dare a peasant defy us? Only low–class people like you need to study hard, but we don’t need to. Do you understand? You piece of trash!” 
Listening to the sounds, Beatrice clenched her fist and shouted, “Nora, what are you doing? Turn off the screen casting immediately.” 
Nora was stunned. Although she knew Tessa had a bad temper, she normal for her to have a bit of a temper. 
s just around 13 years old. It was 
They had never imagined that Tessa would behave like this at school. The person that she scolded and beat up was her classmate, who was also a child. 
“Nora!” Beatrice shouted again. Only then did Nora come to her senses and quickly shout an order to the 
Chapter 907 No Escape 
smart switch. 
2/2 
But it was useless, as it would not turn off at all. She finally found the remote control and turned off the screen projection. 
However, the video was still playing on the TV in the second–floor bedroom. 
“Turn off the master switch.” Beatrice was so panicked that her lips turned pale. “Turn off everything.” 
The staff all went into action, afraid that other electrical appliances would make a sound, too. 
At last, the room was quiet. 
That was when Tessa’s phone rang. It was a video call from her group chat. “Mom, I…” 
Beatrice silenced the call. “Go and get your passport right now. I will book you on the earliest flight today and get you out of here.” 
“Mom, I only hit her twice. What can happen? Wasn’t it the same as before? Dad has a way…” 
Beatrice angrily interrupted, “Hitting her is not the point, but rather, why such a video remains.” 
*Tessa, your father and I have taught you to think things through before you act and not to leave this kind 
of hidden danger. Now tell me, where did this video come from?” 
Tessa murmured, “This was recorded when we were joking around, but we never sent it out.” 
“Are you sure?” Beatrice was anxious. 
###chapter908
Chapter 908 A Problem 
Tessa nodded and took out her phone to show Beatrice. “Only those of us in the group know, and you! know them.” 
“Then why did it…” Before Beatrice could finish speaking, her own phone rang. It was her husband, Wilbert Thompson, calling. 
Beatrice seemed to have found her backbone and said, “Wilbert, there is something I need to tell you. Tessa, she- 
Before she could finish, Wilbert roared from the other side, “What on earth are you doing at home every day? Why is there a video like that online? Didn’t you say that everything at the school has been sorted out?” 
The expression on Beatrice’s face suddenly changed. “Y–You saw it, too?” 
“Someone sent the video to my workplace. I don’t want to see it. Go contact the other person 
immediately. No matter the cost, buy the video and make him delete it.” 
Wilbert seemed to be in a meeting, as it sounded very formal at the other end. 
Beatrice’s hands were shaking uncontrollably. “I will do it now.” 
She never expected things to get this big. At that moment, she suddenly remembered Tessa’s group chat. 
“Who in this group would send out the video?” Beatrice tapped on Tessa’s phone. Talk to them and ask them who they are. Ask them what they want. 
However, before Tessa could ask, messages filled the group chat. 
“Who betrayed us?” 
“How did that video get on the internet?” 
“My dad is asking me now why the video is still around even after I told him that it has been deleted!” 
“Judging by the angle, you obviously recorded this. Who are you tir 
to blame here?” 
It turned out that everyone in the group had received a video of themselves. It clearly recorded the entire process of their abusive behavior toward their classmates. 
Dulcie was not the only one being bullied. Other students were treated as “donkeys” in the video as well. 
At that moment, things took a turn for the worse on the internet. 
Everyone was familiar with their own child. Some of the parents trembled when they realized that the. bullied children were their own. 
*Harold, is that you in there? Tell me, is this you?” 
One of them was a middle–aged woman, Jolie Cabrera, who ran a fruit shop. She called out to her son, Harold Alston, who was doing his homework. 
SCh?plo: 906 A Problem: 
After he saw the video, he trembled but said nothing. 
“Harold, talk to me. Is this you?” 
Harold seemed to have given up. “So what if it is?” 
“What do you mean by that? Why didn’t you tell me that you were being bullied like this?” Jolie was so distraught that she almost cried. 
With a low voice, Harold replied, “It’s no use, and I don’t want you to worry, Mom. Anyway, I’ll just endure 
it, and it will be over.” 
Jolie could not understand. “You have to say something when they bully you. You can tell the teachers or me. What do you mean, ‘endure it and it will be over?” 
“Because even if the teachers see it, they will pretend that they didn’t.” All of a sudden, Harold burst into tears. “Mom, among those people, one is the principal’s daughter. 
“And the other has a father in the education system, so the teachers will only try to please them. Anyone who tells on them will be in trouble.” 
Jolie paused, frozen on the spot. 
Cradling his head as if in pain, Harold said, “Mom, this is an international school. How much fruit do you have to sell every day just to support me? 
“It was not easy for me to pass the entry exams. As long as I put up with it until I enter college, then I will be able to get away from them. 
“Whoever opposes them will be consecutively selected as the donkey. Mom, you don’t understand at all. There are rules in the school. 
“Moreover, Dulcie is already dead. Mom, that is the fate of those who oppose them. It was a big deal, yet they managed to suppress it. 
“What can I do? They said she com
###chapter909
Chapter 909 Several Familles Gather Together 
Jolie suddenly came to her senses. 
“Harold, what do you mean by that? What do you mean they said she committed suicide? Didn’t the top grader in your class jump off the building due to the pressure of studying?” 
Harold did not say anything, but his pale face spoke volumes. 
Jolie went forward and held his hands. With a trembling voice, she asked, “What is going on here? Do you know something? Harold, don’t scare me.” 
Harold raised his red eyes. “Mom, do you think I should report this to the police? I’ve been dreaming about Dulcie lately. She asked me why I didn’t say anything about what I saw. 
“But what’s the point? The online news will disappear soon anyway. Mom, what should I do?” 
It was not that he had not tried to go to the police, but he was afraid of retaliation from those people. 
He had also tried to do so anonymously, However, the investigative personnel who went to the school did 
not pay 
pay any attention to the tip he provided. 
Even Hailey’s uncle was among those personnel. The Reeds were too powerful. He would be finished if he 
offended them. 
They knew someone was on the roof that day, but they did not know that it was him. He was from a single 
-parent family, so if they targeted him, he would have no way to survive. 
Harold gave up all hope after he tried offering a tip one more time. 
He 
was only a middle school student. Why was what he learned different from reality? Where was the fairness stated in books? 
Harold carelessly wiped the tears from his face. “Mom, just pretend as if you don’t know about this. The videos will disappear after a while. Don’t post any messages and expose yourself.” 
Jolie never thought that her son would turn out like this. He had wanted to be like a superhero and protect the weak since childhood. 
Now he was afraid to say or do anything. 
She thought that sending Harold to an international school would be better for him and that it would 
allow him to broaden his horizons, 
However, the truth was that it was more like hell than a school. 
“Harold, we are not afraid. Come with me, and we’ll 
go to the police. Jolie tried her best to control her emotions. 
Harold huddled in a corner and shook his head. 
Jolie hugged him. “Harold, have you forgotten? You told me that at school, Dulcle was your best friend. 
Chapter 909 Several Families Gather Together 
2/2 
“You said that not only was she cute, but she also did well in her studies, too. Most importantly, her father 
is a hero. 
“You said that when you grow up, you want to be a soldier, too. You wanted to be like a superhero and protect others, especially me.” 
“There are no superheroes,” Harold shouted, his whole body trembling. “Mom, those are lies. The Reed, Thompson, and Lowe families are rich and powerful. They can easily crush us like ants.” 
Harold waved his phone as he spoke, “It’s useless. Even if these videos are exposed, they will still blame someone for it.” 
Theoretically, the videos could be deleted by paying money. The question was how much it would cost. 
Several families had to sit down together now to discuss countermeasures. Previously, they were busy with work and had no time to care for their children. 
They had to be more united this time than before. This was because public opinion had been formed since the news was all over the internet. 
The contents of the videos posted were so vile that netizens had been digging for information everywhere. This was affecting them badly. 
The Lowes suggested sending all their children abroad first before settling the matter slowly. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
Claim: 
Chapter 910 Time to Leave 
###chapter910
Chapter 910 Time to Leave 
The only good thing was that everyone’s faces were censored in the video. Other than those who knew them well, many netizens did not know who the bullies were. 
“It seems that the person who posted the videos is probably doing it for the money. Otherwise, they would not have given us such leeway.” 
Wilbert turned off his phone irritably. 
“Now that several of our families are here, we want to ask the children who they have offended to make 
the other party pull a stunt like this.” 
Collin Lowe asked his secretary to wait outside before replying, “Let’s not talk about other matters first. Did you not manage to contact anyone from the Reed family? 
“And is Principal Dunbar not around, either? This is a school matter, so it is only reasonable for her to 
come forward and resolve it.” 
“I have not been able to get in touch with her since earlier.” Wilbert stood up and asked, “Are the children 
all here? We will send them to the airport first.” 
Tessa still did not want to leave, but it was out of her hands now 
On the other hand, Wyatt felt that it was nothing. “Dad, Grandpa said that as long as what I did was not over the line, he could cover for me. Why are you so scared of the videos? You can just buy them.” 
“Shut up!” Collin knew what his 
son did. 
The fact that the other families weren’t allowed to see the autopsy report did not mean that he could not 
see it, either. He could not be bothered to talk about what Wyatt did. 
Wyatt’s grandfather, Alfie Lowe, had indulged him so much that he turned out to be a spoiled child. He would think about nothing but having fun. 
Didn’t he also want to buy the video? So far, the person who posted it had not even shown his presence. 
Instead, the videos were posted one after another. Each one was like a knife, cutting them and making 
them restless. 
“Do you know that there are many people out there waiting to confirm your identities? If your identities 
are exposed, then none of us would be able to escape. That includes me, Mr. Thompson, and the whole Reed family.” 
With gritted teeth, Collin warned them, “You better behave and stop talking. Now, follow Owen to the 
airport.” 
Usually, the driver for such important leaders was the one they trusted the most. 
Owen Whitlock had been the Lowes‘ driver for many years. He also had some boxing skills, which were good enough for him to deal with unexpected situations. 
Chapter 910 Time to Leave 
272 
Wyatt was humiliated after being yelled at. He chewed on a piece of gum and was indignant. “Of course, it was Budd Wilson, that poor man, who posted those videos. Who else could it be? 
“I only fooled around with his daughter because I thought highly of her. If not, with their family background, they are not worthy of me. 
“Dad, since he doesn’t want money, you have to think of a way to get him thrown into jail. Why are your allowing him to remain outside? Beggars like him are like mad dogs–they will not let go once they bite 
you.” 
“Wyatt!” Collin yanked his son by the collar. 
He could not understand why Wyatt, who usually could put on an act, would be so stupid today. 
“I’ll say it again. Shut up! Get in the car with Owen now and head to the airport immediately.” 
Knowing that his father was really angry, Wyatt shrank his shoulders. “Dad, I understand. I’ll listen to you.” 
Owen picked up the backpack and said, “Mr. Wyatt and Ms. Tessa, please sit at the back. Someone will pick up Ms. Hailey.” 
Tessa blurted out, “There are also Evie and the others.” 
“Don’t worry, Ms. Tessa. Everyone has been notified, and you will all meet up at the airport.” Since they were leaving in a hurry, other than their passports, they did not even bring their luggage. This was the first time they were forced to this extent. Wyatt reluctantly pounded the car door. Even the car was so low–profile that it was difficult to estimate its price as it went along the highway. It was evident that the adults had been prepared for a while. They would withdraw at the first hint of 
trouble. 
In any case, the children had obtained their foreign nationality well in advance. Everything would be fine as long as they left. 
But just when the adults were about to breathe a sigh of relief, another video was uploaded online. Although the mosaic effect was used, the bullies‘ identities were indicated this time. 
T
###chapter911
Chapter 911 Their Identitles 
The labels in the video were as such. 
“Hailey Reed–Division Head Thomas Reed’s granddaughter and Principal Sally Dunbar’s daughter.” 
“Tessa Thompson–Dean Bryan Thompson’s granddaughter and Director Wilbert Thompson’s daughter.” 
“Wyatt Lowe–Secretary Alfie Lowe’s grandson and Chief Collin Lowe’s son.” 
Suddenly, the mood inside the villa shifted. All the adults realized their meticulously laid plans had come to naught. 
“You said they were just after money! What’s happening?” Collin bellowed. 
Wilbert stood frozen, his face drained of color. 
Tessa’s actions had sparked the most intense discussions online, with netizens relentlessly digging into their family background. The flood of comments pouring into his workplace channel was overwhelming. 
His phone rang incessantly. It was as if someone had set off a bomb–once the explosion occurred, no one was spared. 
“Why doesn’t this sneaky person have the guts to confront us directly? I bet it’s Budd. That fool never understands the situation!” 
No one knew that Wilbert and Budd were old comrades. After they retired, Budd helped Wilbert with some arrangements back home, which contributed to Wilbert’s current position. 
“I’m calling him right now. I’ll ask him how much money he’s willing to settle for!” 
Wilbert hurriedly grabbed the phone, but before he could dial the number, a barrage of incoming calls flooded in. He also received a call from his workplace, urging him to respond immediately. 
Given Wilbert’s influential position and the complex network of interests behind these families, he could 
enjoy endless benefits. 
For example, if one were to send their child to the workplace of someone within the network, it would secure a favorable position for the child. 
However, the video clearly depicted the key details. This had predictably caused a public outrage. 
Previously, they had used money and connections to quell the uproar surrounding school suicides. 
The Lowe family sought to employ similar tactics this time. However, before they could react, the relevant authorities had already reached out to them. 
“Mr. Collin Lowe, we’ve received reports from netizens concerning your violations.” 
As Collin listened to the call, his complexion grew increasingly pale. 
He was getting older and had gone to great lengths to protect his son. Alfie and the whole family doted on Wyatt and often gave him free rein, too. 
Chapte: 911 The Identities 
Whenever trouble arose, Collin’s first instinct was to shield his son. He was convinced Wyatt wouldn’t be 
implicated. 
This was a collective affair involving several familles, each wielding its influence. With their respective connections, the families could navigate through such situations. 
However, faced with a real crisis, Collin felt the pressure mounting. 
“Call Mr. Lowe Senior. He’s our only hope for saving the Lowes,” Collin Instructed the secretary. 
The specifics of Wyatt’s actions remained shrouded in mystery, undisclosed to the public. 
Though Collin’s professional life would undoubtedly be affected, and public discourse would ensue, there was a silver lining. 
His son hadn’t yet reached the age of 14, and his transgressions were relatively minor, involving mere 
school bullying. 
They hoped to outlast the scrutiny with sincere public engagement. Over time, the memory of the incident would fade. 
While Collin had already planned his next steps, Wilbert was still trying to pull strings. He didn’t think Bryan would step in to help Tessa. 
After all, Tessa was just his granddaughter, unlike Wyatt, who was the Lowe family’s treasure. 
Collin squeezed Wilbert’s trembling hands and assured, “Don’t worry. Even if Bryan fails to handle the situation, Thomas will intervene. The school is under his control.” 
On the surface, everything appeared to be legitimate. However, everything was under one individual’s 
control. 
How else could Thomas corruption. 
appoint his daughter–in–law as the school principal? That was clearly an act of 
Chapte 912 Taking The Foll 
###chapter912
Chapter 912 Taking The Fall 
Given that Dulcie had died on campus, the school authorities should naturally bear the main responsibility. 
They should sacrifice Sally to quell the public outrago and safeguard the other families interests. It was a commonly employed strategy in such situations. 
Collin and Wilbert gave each other a knowing look. They had found their scapegoat. 
Thomas was also likely to agree with the plan as a mere daughter–in–law’s fate was insignificant compared to the entire Reed family’s survival. 
Apart from the Thompsons and the Lowes, two other families were also involved. They naturally deferred to Collin’s judgment since they were in the business field. 
“But my people haven’t been able to reach Mr. Reed Senior.” Wilbert had tried calling Thomas but to no 
avail. 
Collin found the situation odd as well. Just then, he received a call from home. It was the driver who had been with Alfie for years. 
“Chief Lowe, Mr. Lowe Senior’s instructions are to calm public sentiment first. He’s already contacted the media department. None of you should respond publicly, this way, everything remains under control. 
“Next, find the girl’s parents and ask for their forgiveness. That will make resolving this matter much 
easier. Also, Mr. Lowe Senior wants to know where Mr. Wyatt is. He must stay out of sight right now.” 
Collin whispered, “Please ask Mr. Lowe Senior not to worry. Wyatt is already at the airport.” 
The driver replied, “Mr. Lowe Senior has pulled significant strings this time. You know this means owing 
many favors. 
“We still need someone to take the fall. The impact of this incident is significant, and Mr. Lowe Senior 
took a risk with these connections. You should understand.” 
After hanging up, Collin turned to Wilbert with a serious expression. “We need to find Sally.” 
“Yes! Principal Dunbar should take responsibility. How could she not ensure certain cameras were turned 
off? The video has now been leaked. 
*She should have anticipated these consequences after that girl from the Wilson family died. As a principal, she should have managed the parents better. Women just can’t handle these things 
properly!” Wilbert fumed in annoyance. 
When Budd first sought his help, Wilbert should have met with him to gauge his situation. Now, they were caught completely off guard. 
Budd had approached him three times, and Wilbert had his secretary send him away each time. He didn’t 
want anything to do with a comrade who had fallen on hard times. 
Moreover, Wilbert feared someone might uncover how he had stolen credit back in the day. 
Chapter 912 Taking The Fall 
Wilbert never thought that someone like Budd, with no significant background, could cause any real trouble. If Budd had any real capabilities, he wouldn’t be living such a miserable life. 
How Ironic for someone who had stolen another’s credit to call the rightful owner useless. 
At that moment, Wilbert had completely forgotten how Budd had once taken care of him. As Wynter had said, some people were rotten to the core. 
Wilbert never considered disciplining Tessa for bullying his old comrade’s daughter. He just thought that the Wilsons were trouble and hard to deal with. 
Wilbert raised his hand and said, “I’ll find her.” 
Just then, his visibly nervous secretary interrupted, “Director Thompson, there’s no need for that. Principal Dunbar, she’s…” 
“What about her?” Wilbert demanded, his patience wearing thin. 
The secretary handed over his phone, “You should see for yourself.” 
Everyone felt a sense of foreboding as they watched Wilbert take the phone. When they saw the contents, their worst fears were confirmed. 
The shock was so great that Wilbert dropped the phone with a resounding thud. 
Chapter 913 Arrested 
###chapter913
Chapter 913 Arrested 
Their planned scapegoat, Sally Dunbar, had been arrested. They even recorded a video in the car. 
The footage was crystal clear. Sally, usually composed, was visibly shaken, begging to be released. 
She even had the nerve to mention, “Have you thought about the consequences of storming into the school to arrest someone? Does Director Thompson know about this?” 
This wasn’t just Sally’s downfall. She had dragged Wilbert down with her. 
Wilbert, abandoning his mannerism, cursed, “What an Idiot! How could she be so reckless? And who the 
hell is snooping around in the school? 
“Chief Lowe, did you see this video? Someone from within is gunning for us! 
“Do you recognize this car? The Lowes have a lot of influence in this area. So, why weren’t you given a heads–up? Assuming you didn’t get the intel, did Mr. Lowe Senior miss it, too?” 
Wilbert’s suspicion was warranted. With such a high–stakes investigation unfolding and Sally getting 
nabbed, how could the Lowe family not know? 
In normal circumstances, Alfie would have been informed. It wasn’t done by an anonymous hacker, but an inside job. Shouldn’t the Lowes have had everything under control? 
Collin was also surprised. Upon reviewing the video once more, he confirmed that it was indeed an internal investigation vehicle. 
The ongoing scrutiny of the school was no secret, especially given recent events. The death of a student, even if by suicide, warranted an official inquiry. But why were the investigators taking such drastic 
measures? 
Collin felt a sense of urgency. He had a growing suspicion that things were slipping out of their control. 
Most importantly, they still hadn’t identified the orchestrator behind this expose. Why would someone dare to expose them like this, fully aware of their predicament? 
“Find out who’s behind this investigation, and do it fast!” 
The online situation was quickly spiraling out of control. Each mistreated child had parents, and as they 
watched the videos, their horror grew. 
People worked hard their whole lives to provide their children with a decent education. Which parent would tolerate what was happening? 
More and more people congregated at the school gate, including the media, who had rushed there at the first hint of trouble. Even the education department was inundated with complaints. 
The level of public outcry was unprecedented. Alfie had tried to leverage his connections, but even they hesitated to assist him. They even cautioned him against further action. 
Alfie couldn’t afford to let things spiral out of control any further. While the current situation seemed 
Chapter 913 Amrested 
manageable, Alfie was deeply concerned about the potential fallout that could expose Wyatt’s Issues. 
Currently, Alfie was waiting patiently for the response on the other end of the line. 
Soon, a crisp voice pierced through the phone. “I heard you’re looking for me, Mr. Lowe Senior,” 
22 
Alfie was taken aback by the youthfulness in the voice on the other end. “Yes, You’ve handled the school case quite well.” 
Wynter gave a sly smirk and replied, “I agree. Each video release strikes fear into the bullies. There’s a lot of buzz and attention at the school. The stakes are high.” 
Alfie had intended to assert his authority, but he hadn’t anticipated Wynter’s audacity. 
“I’m not sure which department you represent, but you youngsters need to consider the repercussions of your actions. 
“How can parents entrust their children to the school if its integrity is compromised? Have you thought about the consequences
###chapter914
Chapter 914 Not Afrald 
Alfie sounded like a righteous man based on the questions he asked. 
However, Wynter effortlessly retorted, “Credibility is rooted in fairness. It’s your actions that have eroded the parents‘ trust in the school. 
“Taxpayers foot the bill for your sustenance, yet you fall short in your duties. Mr. Lowe Senior, let me remind you that your grandson, Wyatt Lowe, is also one of the bullies Involved.” 
Alfie narrowed his eyes and replied, “Wyatt needs to be taught a lesson for bullying his classmates. The Lowe family will never show favoritism. 
“But there are rules in place for everything. You’ve publicly revealed our identities and caused chaos. Who should be responsible for this disruption?” 
Wynter said calmly, “Revealed your identities? Mr. Lowe Senior, do you have evidence to support that claim? I’ve been at the school all along. How could I possibly expose your identities?” 
“You admitted earlier to posting the video!‘ Even for someone as weathered as Alfie, Wynter’s audacity was infuriating. 
“Yes, I did post the initial video. As for the subsequent ones, they were likely added by anonymous 
netizens. 
“After all, people nationwide want to know which family dares to exploit connections and flout public order, placing themselves above the law. 
“Mr. Lowe Senior, your swift admission was commendable. You’re indeed a powerful man.” 
Wynter’s sarcastic tone was infuriating. 
Alfie composed himself. “Young people certainly have a way with words. Sometimes, it’s important to 
consider one’s family. I hope you won’t regret your actions once this matter is resolved.” 
Wynter chuckled. “Why would I regret it? It’s a noble deed to rid harm from society.” 
Alfie covered the phone with his hand and turned to his assistant. “Have we identified who the other party is yet?” 
The secretary shook his head. 
Sensing Alfie’s intentions, Wynter said, “It sounds like you’re planning to target my family, Mr. Lowe Senior. 
“I imagine you’ve already burned many bridges trying to figure out who I am, but you didn’t need to go. through all that trouble.” 
She continued slowly, “I’m from the Quinnell family. My name is Wynter Quinnell. My code name is 001. 
“I recall you were in the group under my protection during one special mission. Looking back, I should’ve just left you there.” 
Chapter 914 Not Alleid 
Alfie was alarmed by Wynter’s revelation. It wasn’t her family name that rattled him, but rather, her last remark: “Looking back, I should’ve just left you there.” 
His mind buzzed, and he stammered, “Y–You’re from the Thunderbolt Squad 
Alfie hung up the call before he could finish speaking. He was shocked beyond words at the mention of the Thunderbolt Squad. 
They were the elite of the elite. Everyone on the team had received top–tier training. 
The Thunderbolt Squad usually operated at the borders and handled classified missions. However, one of their own was investigating Wyatt’s case. 
Alfie took a step back and clutched his chest. 
His secretary rushed to his side, alarmed. “Mr. Lowe Senior, are you all right?” 
Fearing that any delay might jeopardize Wyatt’s survival, Alfie snapped, “Get Wyatt out of here immediately! Release those pre–written articles and pay them to spread them around. 
“I want everything about Wyatt loving animals and being a patriotic, down–to–earth young man out there 
now!” 
The secretary nodded. “Yes, sir!” 
In no time, the prepared articles and photos were released. Despite the public outrage, some people began to sympathize with Wyatt. 
###chapter915
Chapter 915 Caught In the Act 
“A student like that wouldn’t need to resort to bullying. Maybe they just don’t get along. 
*After all, they’re still not adults. I don’t think we should be so quick to judge the kids. Let’s hear the other side of the story.” 
“Could there be a misunderstanding? It seems like this situation is escalating too quickly. Wyatt excels academically. 
“We should investigate further. Once branded a bully, even high–achieving students can be ruined. Let’s not destroy a child’s future.” 
“Some people should ask themselves why, among so many students in the school, only your child is being bullied.” 
“Rather than expecting the environment to change, maybe we should work on strengthening our resilience. No one can control suicide.” 
“Exactly. I’ve heard her personal life is a mess. Maybe she’s short on money. A young man like Wyatt wouldn’t bother with someone like her.” 
“I watched the video and concluded that Wyatt’s moral compass seems strong. Based on his previous interviews about developing our town, I’m standing by him in this controversy. There’s definitely a misunderstanding about the bullying!” 
Collin heaved a sigh of relief after reading the online commentaries. He knew Alfie had worked behind the scenes. If they could salvage Wyatt’s reputation, there might still be some room to maneuver. 
Suddenly, the person who uploaded the video started a live broadcast. “Let’s take a look at the ‘patriotic kid‘ who stayed on to build up this town. Where is he?” 
The camera shifted to Wyatt, standing with his boarding pass in hand, on the verge of disappearing through security 
“The Lowes sure know how to react quickly. At the slightest online criticism, Mr. Wyatt Lowe mysteriously disappears for days. 
“The last time he vanished was right after he caused a promising athlete to break his leg, ending his basketball career. 
“The athlete had been recruited for the town’s basketball team, and Wyatt had shattered his dreams and future. 
“Despite this, the Lowe family never took responsibility for Wyatt’s actions. Instead, they promptly shipped him off overseas. 
“We’ve seen incidents like this on his record more than once. He’s traveled abroad multiple times, all to conveniently evade investigation. But this time, don’t worry, none of them can escape. They’re all here.” 
As Wynter’s voice trailed off, a sudden click was heard. Out of nowhere, a bright light flickered on. 
Chapter 915 Caught in the Act 
2/2 
The media seemed to have been guided to the designated direction. 
“There! They’re over there!” 
It was only then that people noticed it wasn’t just Wyatt going through security. Tessa and the other 
bullies were present, too. 
“We aren’t fools. How could it be a coincidence that all the kids are heading abroad at the same time?” 
“School is still in session. Normally, they wouldn’t be leaving the country now.” 
“No way, I just showed my support for Wyatt. What’s going on?” 
The people present were not aware of the online discussions. 
With the media’s sudden outcry, Wyatt and Tessa grew frantic. They hurried toward security, holding first- class tickets and using the VIP lane, leaving the media in their wake. 
They would be safe once they passed through security. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter916
Chapter 916 Embarrassment 
Suddenly, the airport ground personnel intercepted them at the security checkpoint. 
“Wyatt Lowe and Tessa Thompson, you’ve been placed under travel restriction.” 
Wyatt said in disbelief, “That’s impossible! Take a look at my passport!” 
He didn’t possess a standard passport–it was a special one that indicated there should be no restrictions 
on his travel. 
“There’s no mistake. Please cooperate with us.” The staff member gestured to someone nearby. 
Wyatt had made numerous previous trips abroad, and this was his first encounter with such a situation. 
The media were closing in rapidly. The camera lights continued to shine, and no one seemed to be 
maintaining order. 
Growing increasingly impatient, Wyatt, though young and not particularly tall, spoke with a maturity beyond his years. 
“I have a passport and am a legitimate citizen of Magota. You have no authority to restrict my freedom! 
Let me through. I need to board the plane!” 
“Mr. Wyatt,” Owen tried to intervene, but with his hands full and Tessa attempting to escape, he couldn’t 
manage. 
Owen had been tasked to discreetly escort Wyatt to avoid drawing attention. However, he glanced 
around at the numerous cameras. He would be foolish not to understand what was happening. 
“Don’t speak. Stay quiet!” Owen cautioned. 
Unfortunately, Wyatt was infuriated by Owen’s warning. “I might listen if my dad tells me to shut up, but 
who are you to silence me?” 
Wyatt shoved him aside and snapped, “The plane’s about to take off, and you’re holding me up. Are you going to take responsibility? 
“Let me repeat that I’m a citizen of Magota, and none of you have the right to stop me from leaving!” 
Just then, a sound emanated from the airport service desk. It was used primarily to locate missing 
individuals. 
Wynter used her expert computer skills to connect to the system. “Mr. Wyatt Lowe, rest assured, we are 
aware of your status as a citizen of Magota.” 
Instantly, the commotion at the airport died down, 
Furious, Wyatt lifted his head and scanned the area above with eyes filled with deep unease. 
“Who are you? How do you know me? Are you the one who brought the media here? What are you trying to do?” 
Chapter 916 Embarrassment 
“Mr. Wyatt, you might not realize it, but videos of your bullying are circulating widely now. Almost everyone has seen them. I doubt you can claim ignorance,” Wynter replied calmly. 
Her words created a stir unlike anything seen before. Everyone had been focused on the incident’s 
aftermath. Even the businessmen were waiting to see what would happen next. 
With the bullies present on the scene, all eyes turned toward Wyatt. The closest to him was a man who worked in overseas export. He was a father himself, which added to the emotional intensity. 
“You little scumbag! So, you’re the one who’s been bullying others! Did you think you could just go abroad and escape? Do you think that’s even possible?” 
Everyone around lifted their phones to record Wyatt. Their eyes filled with anger and disgust. 
Wyatt had always been pampered and revered. He was used to people looking at him with admiration, not disdain. In fact, he could not even tolerate being surrounded by ordinary people now. 
“Quick! Let me through security!” Wyatt gripped the staff, his voice filled with frustration. “Do you know who my grandfather is? All of you will suffer if I can’t leave!” 
Chapter 917 The Adult Turn 
###chapter917
Chapter 917 The Adults‘ Turn 
The staff was initially hesitant to handle a minor. However, now that he found justification because of Wyatt’s resistance, he decided to take decisive action. 
With a swift move, he threw Wyatt to the ground. 
Wyatt, stunned by the unexpected restraint, shouted, “I need to get to Magota! Let me go! You have no 
right to stop me!” 
His outburst exposed his fake patriotism and caused a nationwide stir. 
“Some people need to wake up. His behavior clearly shows he’s not patriotic/” 
“Feeding a cat food doesn’t excuse bullying. He might be nice to animals, but he’s been cruel to real people!” 
“Can we stop saying that money and looks justify everything? Wyatt is a scumbag!” 
Just then, Wynter’s voice echoed through the airport again. “Did everyone hear that? To those blindly sympathizing with him, rethink your stance. 
“Today you empathize with a bully, but tomorrow, when your child is bullied or when you face harassment at work, don’t be surprised by the consequences 
Her words silenced Wyatt’s supporters. Many quickly deleted their previous comments, feeling the sting 
of misplaced loyalty. 
“Doesn’t it seem odd that these kids are all trying to leave the country at the same time?” 
“Their parents are obviously coordinating this! Look, isn’t that the same driver who was on the news with Wyatt’s dad?” 
“It’s unbelievable. The higher–ups‘ kids commit serious offenses, and instead of apologizing to the victims ‘families, they’re trying to smuggle them out of the country. This shows how out of touch they are with 
reality!” 
“Look closer. None of these kids have local passports!” 
It meant that they all held foreign citizenship. How ironic! 
Any attempt to manipulate public opinion was bound to backfire. The fake support that Alfie paid for quickly fell apart. Moreover, the roles and actions of everyone involved were brought into the spotlight. 
What started as a school bullying case had escalated into something much more serious. This is about abuse of power and a blatant disregard for the law. 
Within just ten minutes, the disciplinary committee was flooded with countless reports from across the 
country. 
As Wyatt and Tessa were being escorted away, they remained defiant, demanding to see their grandfathers. Little did they know, they would soon be reunited. 
Chapte 917 The Adults‘ Tum 
2/2 
Collin and Wilbert were trembling with fear. They never expected their opponents to stake out the airport. 
“How did she know we were planning to send the kids away?” 
“What do we do now? Their foreign citizenship has been exposed!” 
“It’s only a matter of time before we’re targeted!” 
Wilbert was frantic. In all his years, he had never encountered anything like this. Their systems were supposed to be secure and protected. How did their opponent obtain so much information? 
The answer was simple–Wynter had more power than they did. 
Of course, Collin and Wilbert couldn’t fathom that possibility. In addition, Wolf’s flawless infiltration, 
combined with his superb hacking skills, left them baffled. 
Wolf had been sought after by national security, but he only worked for 001. Even if they could recruit him, 
they wouldn’t know how to use his talents effectively. 
Wolf thrived on creating chaos, often engaging in borderline.illegal activities that 001 had to cover up. 
###chapter918
Chapter 918 The Bullles 
Because of Wolf, the airport had descended into chaos. 
To smooth things over, Wynter used Dalton’s connections to make arrangements with the airport authorities and local security. She even offered compensation to ensure there were no disruptions to flight schedules, 
Everyone who needed to be apprehended was caught. Given that netizens were following the event closely, Alfie’s schemes had become ineffective. 
Collin was the first to be taken away, followed by Wilbert. Though their families were involved, each case was handled by different authorities and required separate investigations 
Alfie was also summoned to his workplace for questioning. Unlike the others, he was more cunning and smart. Having made significant contributions in the past, Alfie believed there was still hope for the Lowe family. 
However, the most urgent problem was Wyatt’s public declaration in the video that he was a citizen of Magota. Alfie needed to find a way to resolve the crisis swiftly. 
Before boarding the car, Alfie tightened his grip on his cane. 
“Young man, I need a moment with my secretary,” he insisted with a smile, brushing aside the regulations that forbade it. 
The person escorting Alfie, once aligned with his faction, nodded subtly. “Two minutes,” he conceded. 
Alfie nodded in appreciation, then turned his head slightly. “Arrange for a lawyer. There’s no escaping the legal fight given the video of Wyatt’s assault. Focus on his age- he’s not even 14, remember?” 
“Yes,” the secretary replied, visibly shaken. “And Chief Lowe?” 
Alfie’s grip on his cane tightened further. The Lowe family can’t return to what it was. Ensure he cooperates. The Thompson family did most of the heavy lifting. He merely lent support due to his 
connections.” 
“I understand. I’ll get on it right away.” 
Alfie’s cunning and strategic prowess had allowed the Lowe family to remain in power for so long. He knew when to yield and where to apply pressure to mitigate Wyatt’s sentencing. 
This time, the interrogation shifted from the school to a formal setting. Wyatt sat shackled in a chair, 
refusing to answer questions. 
“I’m waiting for my parents. I’m too young and don’t know what to say.” 
Tessa appeared even more frightened than Wyatt. The day’s events had left her trembling and overwhelmed. 
“I shouldn’t have bullied her. I was wrong, officer. I’m young, so please give me a chance to make amends. I don’t know why she tried to commit suicide. All I did in the video was slap her and tear her 
Chapter 918 The Bulles 
clothes.” 
Tessa pleaded for mercy, showing fear without genuine remorse. 
The detectives assisting with the case were furious. “There’s no sign of remorse on their faces. Their classmate is dead after enduring their bullying for so long!” 
Evildoers never saw themselves as such. 
2/2 
Hailey retorted, “Dulcie Wilson jumped off the building on her own. I can apologize for bullying her, but why should I be blamed for anything else?” 
As Wynter watched these scenes unfold, her expression grew tense. 
Just then, someone interrupted, “Ms. Quinnell, the Lowe family’s lawyer has arrived. He has submitted documents stating that Wyatt Lowe is still a minor. It’s clear that he’s trying to use this to protect the 
bullies.” 
Many bullying cases remained unresolved due to legal protections related to age. However, the law should not be used to shield bullies. 
###chapter919
Chapter 919 Impossible to Get Out 
“Ms. Quinnell, would you like to speak to the Lowe family’s lawyer?” 
Instead of replying to her subordinate’s question, Wynter asked, “Have we received a copy of Dulcie Wilson’s autopsy report?” 
Upon seeing her subordinate shake his head, Wynter’s eyes narrowed as she tightened her grip on the file. 
“Go and check for the footage from the day of the incident and investigate how deeply the Lowe family is 
involved in this case. 
“Why is there no autopsy report? How many people are implicated? Give the list to the disciplinary 
committee. 
“It’s fine if the Lowe family wants to use underage laws to protect Wyatt. But we’re bringing every single person in the Lowe family in. And I have doubts about Dulcie’s cause of death.” 
After a short pause, Wynter instructed, “Help me submit an application to reopen the case.” 
Her subordinate looked shocked. “Ms Quinnell?” 
“Go on. I want results in half an hour.” Wynter said firmly. 
“Yes, Ms Quinnell ” 
Meanwhile, the Lowe family’s defense lawyer, Hector Donovan, was feeling confident. He even planned to request Wyatt’s release on medical grounds, citing his poor health. 
Hector stated confidently. “My client is a minor and cannot accurately distinguish right from wrong. He acknowledges his mistakes 
“As his lawyer, I hope to reach out to the victim’s family as soon as possible. My client is prepared to offer compensation and an apology 
“This matter doesn’t need to escalate to court as we prefer mediation. We are willing to meet any reasonable demands, as my client was indeed at fault” 
Hector was adept at handling cases involving teenagers. Even though it was a case of suicide, there was no direct evidence linking his client to the victim’s death 
Most of the bullying incidents were done by Tessa, who had acted more aggressively. Hence, framing the case as simple peer exclusion would greatly reduce the rest of their criminal charges. 
Alfie agreed that 
a quick resolution was in everyone’s best interest. 
The investigators gripped their pens tightly as they reviewed the evidence presented. A young girl had committed suicide, yet the Lowe family conveniently overlooked her plight 
7 
Instead, they focused on an incident a month prior, where Wyatt had bullied another student and subsequently compensated them. They even mentioned the school’s selection game. 
Chapter 919 Impossible to Get Out 
2/2 
The law often fell short when many people were involved, especially without solid proof that Wyatt was the instigator. The Lowe family was clearly trying to absolve him of responsibility. 
Hector, dressed in a sharp suit, addressed one of the officers, Stout Powell, “We both understand that pursuing this case in court isn’t ideal for the victim’s family. My suggestions are also in their best interest.” 
Stout grew more disheartened as he reviewed the evidence. Besides the few videos circulating online where Wyatt only made brief appearances, there was little proof of his involvement. 
The physical acts of bullying, like pulling clothes and shoving in the bathroom, were carried out by the girls. Yet, allowing Wyatt to be released for medical reasons felt unjust. 
“What’s the urgency for him to leave the country?” Stout asked. 
Hector was prepared for his question. He presented medical records and explained, “My client needs to undergo medical examinations. 
“As for the allegations online about him leaving the country after every incident, those are mere coincidences. The previous victims‘ families have forgiven him and signed agreements of forgiveness.” 
Hector shifted the evidence toward Stout and said, “Please rest assured that we acknowledge our mistakes. My client will certainly amend his ways. May I now take my client for his medical appointment?” 
###chapter920
Chapter 920 What He Feared Most 
“I’m afraid that’s not possible,” Wynter interrupted as she entered the room. “Just because some evidence hasn’t been made public doesn’t mean it doesn’t exist. You’re being too impatient, Mr. Donovan.” 
“Ms. Quinnell,” Hector said, surprised to see her. Alfie had warned him that the investigators this time were formidable. Now that Alfie had been taken away, he had to handle matters alone. 
Hector hadn’t expected to encounter the Quinnell family’s daughter in a situation like this. He knew about Wynter’s brother, Sebastian. 
more 
As a lawyer, he had no desire to cross paths with Sebastian, so he didn’t want to offend his sister, either. 
“Nice to meet you, Ms. Quinnell,” Hector greeted, standing up and extending his hand. “I recently saw your photo on Sebastian’s social media. I didn’t expect to meet you in person so soon.” 
He was trying to build rapport. 
Wynter, smiling slightly, didn’t refuse the handshake. In fact, she tightened her grip. 
“I’ve reviewed your resume, Mr. Donovan. Over the years, you’ve been a great help to the Lowe family. 
“Many cases have been settled out of court, and others were dropped before they could proceed. You’ve been a great support to Wyatt’s brazen acts.” 
Hector smiled and tried to defend himself. “When you take a client’s money, you solve their problems Besides, my client is just a kid. Parents understand that kids sometimes fight.” 
“Kids sometimes fight?” Wynter repeated, her voice low. “You’re known for twisting facts, Mr. Donovan. 
“Let me give you some advice–before taking on a case, know your opponent. Not every outcome will go as you expect.” 
Hector dismissed Wynter’s warning. She might be formidable in business, but he was an expert in juvenile defense and confident in his ability to win. 
“Impressive, Ms. Quinnell. It’s getting late. My client needs medical attention,” Hector said, checking his 
watch. 
Just as he was about to flash a smile, his assistant rushed in and whispered something in his ear. 
Hector’s expression changed instantly. “New evidence? What new evidence?” he whispered. 
The assistant shook his head. “I don’t know. They didn’t disclose any details.” 
Wynter picked up Hector’s application form and calmly crossed out a line with her pen. “We’re not just prosecuting for bullying. You might want to gather all the facts before defending your client.” 
Next, Wynter placed the pen down and walked toward the interrogation room. 
Hector began to panic. As a lawyer, nothing was worse than sudden new evidence. He had no idea what the opposition had found or if his client had lied to him, and that uncertainty was the crux of the problem. 
Chapter 920 What He Fenced Most 
When Hector had agreed to defend the Lowe family, Alfie warned him about Wyatt’s violent tendencies. He had a history of severely hurting people, and Hector had managed to smooth over previous incidents. 
had never ack 
But Wyatt his wrongdoing, and Hector feared his behavior might escalate. 
no as far 
Wyatt wouldn’t as to physically harm a girl, would he? So, what else could it be? 
As these thoughts raced through his mind, Hector suddenly looked up. A dreadful realization dawned on 
him. It couldn’t be what he feared most, could it? 
###chapter921
Chapter 921 Slandering Him 
Hector instinctively tried to reach Alfie. 
Jorge Neal, Hector’s assistant, reminded him, “Mr. Donovan, Mr. Alfie is still under investigation and likely can’t answer the phone.” 
Hector’s face paled at once. He quickly ordered, “Go, get those previous discussions about Dulcie. I need to see them now!” 
Jorge didn’t understand what was happening, but he’d never seen Hector this panicked in all the years he’d been by his side. 
The Lowe family’s case was undeniably tough, given the high level of public attention it was receiving, so it required a very delicate approach. 
Hector didn’t hesitate when he received the case from the Lowe family. So, what had changed to make him this frantic? 
The answer lay with Wyatt. 
Some things ingrained in one’s bones were impossible to conceal. His attitude shifted noticeably as he spent more time in the chair. 
Based on his past experiences, Hector should have arrived by now. Why hadn’t he come to see him yet? Wyatt grew increasingly restless. 
Just then, Wynter replaced one of the interrogators and pushed a phone toward him. 
“Mr. Wyatt, you should be very familiar with this chat history. Now, I need you to tell me. Besides yourself, who are the other two people?” 
Wyatt, who always saw himself as just a “kid“, turned pale in an instant. 
He averted his gaze in panic. Remembering what Alfie had taught him, he blurted out, “Dulcie came to me willingly. Her family is poor. She could only get herself nice things by coming to me.” 
Such shameless statements naturally angered some of the interrogators. 
Wynter’s eyes darkened. “Mr. Wyatt, it seems like you’ve rehearsed this.” 
“Someone asked me this question before.” Wyatt was desperate to clear his name. He didn’t realize he 
was walking into a trap. 
“Oh?” Wynter raised an eyebrow and continued slowly, “In cases like this, any inquiries made by relevant personnel would leave a record. Even if the case wasn’t filed, there would be documentation.” 
Wynter glanced at the interrogator beside him. “Can the system find any records?” 
The interrogator shook his head. 
Smiling, Wynter turned back to Wyatt. “That’s odd. Who questioned you about this and taught you to 
Chapter 921 Slandering Him 
answer it this way?” 
Wyatt’s face froze. 
2/2 
Wynter continued, “Judging by your reaction, your family must have known about this for a while but didn’t teach you a lesson.” 
“I already said that she came to me willingly!” Wyatt shouted, almost rising from his chair. “I don’t need anyone to teach me a lesson!” 
Wynter looked at him. “If a minor went through something like this, parents and schools would intervene. It seems the Lowe family is quite exceptional. Mr. Alfie must be too used to being on top.” 
“Don’t lecture me! I want to see my lawyer!” Wyatt realized this new interrogator was tough and wasn’t treating him like a child at all. 
Wynter pulled out a document. “I understand what you’re thinking. You believe that once Mr. Donovan arrives and knows the situation, he’ll argue for your innocence. After all, you’ve gotten away with things many times before.” 
She continued nonchalantly, “Relax. We’re just scratching the surface. Let’s set this case aside and chat about something else.” 
She placed the document in front of him. “Mr. Wyatt, you probably don’t know yet that Mr. Alfie is under investigation. For so many years, he has covered up quite a few things for you. You might want to take a look at these.” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter922
Chapter 922 The Evidence Is Here 
Wynter’s voice was calm. “We’ll see what your sentence is later. But I guarantee that your dad and your grandpa will spend the rest of their lives in prison.” 
Suddenly, Wynter paused as if remembering something. “Oh right, and your beloved lawyer, Mr. Donovan. He’ll join you there, too.” 
Wyatt was trembling all over as he looked at the documents. He had never imagined that Alfie would be taken away for investigation. 
“You’re lying! That’s impossible! My grandpa is retired! Plus, he’s a decorated hero!” 
Alfie had told him that even in the worst danger, he had to stay calm. There would be no evidence of his deeds. He must not crack. 
Wyatt remembered that just as he was on the verge of breaking down. 
He stared right into Wynter’s eyes. “You can’t scare me. You have no authority over my grandpa.” 
“Whether we do or not, the results will tell, Wynter said softly. “Up until now, you haven’t shown an ounce of remorse for Dulcie. Your family even tampered with her autopsy report.” 
Wyatt’s eyes widened: “Do you have proof? Stop making baseless accusations! I’ve told you countless times that she came to me willingly!” 
He continued, “All she wanted was a pretty dress. I have good grades, my family is rich, and I’m good- looking. She was always hanging around me. If you don’t believe me, go ask around.” 
He was confident because the dress was real. It was mentioned in Hailey’s statement, too. Everyone in class saw Wyatt give Dulcie gifts, which complicated the case further. 
As the investigation went on, some people began to doubt. 
“Maybe that girl just wanted a pretty dress,” 
“Kids today are really competitive. It’s hard to say.” 
Hearing such discussions, Wynter understood even more why Budd preferred to be a sacrifice rather than seek justice through normal channels 
Because after Dulcie’s death, the focus of some people shifted away from the abusers and toward 
incessantly scrutinizing the victim/They demanded the victim to be perfect. 
Wynter turned around. “By your logic, if Dulcie had done everything willingly, she wouldn’t have felt any pain, let alone killed herself. Now, explain to me how she died.” 
The two female officers discussing the case suddenly stiffened up.. 
} 
“You don’t deserve the uniforms you’re wearing.” Wynter said softly. “You two are women, too. Think about it. If you faced such a situation at 13, how terrified would you be? There were three abusers, not Just one.” 
Chapter 922 The Evidence Is Here 
Wynter walked past the two female officers. “Inform their superiors and have them removed. The Special Unit will take over this case. 
The department leaders didn’t dare to . The case had too much impact. Allowing such talk among their ranks was inviting trouble. 
Those two should be fired. 
Wynter could see through the monitors that while Wyatt was rattled, he wasn’t scared enough. 
What emboldened him was the lack of direct evidence. 
Without an autopsy report, proving the Lowe family’s involvement wasn’t enough to shake him. 
He relied on his minor status and the broken chain of evidence to twist the narrative, claiming Dulcie had done everything out of her will. 
And then there was that dress. 
Just as Wynter clenched her fists and was about to contact Wolf, a timid voice spoke up.- 
“Excuse me. Is this where the school bullying case is being investigated?” 
###chapter923
Chapter 923 The Truth Unvelled 
Wynter turned toward the voice and saw a mother and her son at the doorway. The woman still had her apron on, looking like she worked at a fruit chain store. 
“A very handsome man told us to come here,” Jolle said, holding Harold’s shoulder. “I hope we’re in the right place.” 
Given the unique nature of the bullying case, the Special Unit was indeed the only one handling it. 
Wynter approached them. “You are, ma’am. We’re handling the case.” 
“That’s great,” Jolie said urgently. “My son has some clues that might help Dulcie.” 
Wynter’s eyes brightened at that. “New clues are exactly what we need right now. Thank you both.” 
Hearing this, Harold lifted his head and looked at Wynter. “Before I give you any clues, I want to ask a few questions to the person in charge.” 
“I’m the one in char 
charge. Go ahead,” Wynter said. She then handed Jolie a glass of water. “Let’s sit and talk.” 
Seeing Jolie being treated with respect, Harold felt a surge of emotion, 
“If my clues involve high–profile individuals, can you deal with them? What will you do? Can you ensure that my mom and I won’t face any repercussions afterward?” 
His string of questions revealed his deep concerns. 
“I’m not scared for myself, but my mom only has me. She’s a single parent, and she’s had a tough time raising me. If we offend the Lowe family, I might have to drop out of school.” 
Harold’s words came out in a jumbled rush, but Wynter understood. “Don’t worry. After today, the Lowest will no longer have any influence in the education system. 
“I assure you. Neither you nor your mom will face any retaliation. Moreover, witnesses who provide clues 
will be rewarded.” 
“The reward doesn’t matter. Dulcie didn’t kill herself.” Harold, fearing he wouldn’t be believed, grabbed Wynter’s arm. “Wyatt and his friends tricked her into the supply room and bullied her. There are no 
cameras there.” 
He was trembling all over. “The PE teacher sent me to get equipment. I stumbled upon them by accident. I -I took pictures!” 
Jolie’s head shot up upon hearing his words. 
Harold looked into her eyes. “Mom, I reported it to the police. There was an investigation, but nothing came of it. Two days later, there were rumors online about Dulcie having a questionable personal life.” 
Harold lowered his head. “The Lowe family spread those rumors to silence Dulcie. She went to the teacher right after.” 
Chapter 923 The Thith Unveiled 
7/2 
Clenching his fists, he continued, “I was outside the office, ready to testify for her. But the teacher said…” 
Harold’s voice trembled. “She said it would be shameful to talk about it and advised her to take a bath and think it over. She said Dulcie should consider whether her family would be worried and upset if they 
found out.” 
Wynter’s eyes darkened further. “Is this teacher your homeroom teacher, Ivana Kowalski?” 
“Yes.” Harold’s hands shook with rage. “She always taught us to report bullying to teachers immediately, saying they would help us. But she turned a blind eye to many things!” 
His eyes turned red. “How could the teachers not know we were being bullied? They just pretended not to see because they didn’t want to offend the Lowes, the Thompsons, and the Reeds!” 
###chapter924
Chapter 924 Kind People Should Be Rewarded 
“Especially Ms. Kowalski,” Harold continued, clenching his fists. “She depends on the Reed family, to win the Best Teacher Award. 
“Her words were meant to stop Dulcie from telling her family. She was the one who took Dulcie to the bathroom.” 
As he said that, he looked up. “Our school is a boarding school with a bathroom right next to the dorms. The surveillance cameras there weren’t broken. It should have footage of Dulcle that day and Ms. Kowalski taking her to wash and change.” 
The cameras indeed weren’t broken, but the school claimed there had been a mainframe malfunction and all data was lost. 
Wynter pulled out her phone and sent a voice message. “Recover the surveillance footage from Lavend International School. Get the areas around the stadium, the supply room, and the bathroom.” 
Then she asked Harold, “Do you remember the exact date?” 
“March 13th. It was a Wednesday,” Harold replied. He could never forget that day. 
Wynter noted the date and said, “You mentioned Dulcie didn’t kill herself. Besides the clues you’ve given, do you know anything else?” 
“Yes.” Harold’s gaze darkened. “After that day, I kept an eye on Dulcie. She noticed me and knew I was outside the office that day. 
“She told me she had thought long and hard and decided to tell her dad and report to the police. She asked if I would be her witness.” 
After a pause, he continued, “I didn’t agree.” 
Jolie’s eyes turned to him. 
Tears welled up in Harold’s eyes. “Mom, you must be disappointed in me.” 
“Harold, 1-“Just as Jolie wanted to say something, Harold lowered his head. 
“I was really scared. No one was on our side. No one believed Dulcie back then. I thought she would give 
up.” 
Harold continued, “One day, out of nowhere, she said she was definitely going to report it to the police. She wanted to see the bad guys brought to justice. She was scared, but she saw them targeting other 
girls. 
“That same day, they called her to the rooftop. She 
refused to comply, and Hailey said, ‘If you have the guts, jump off! Stop pretending.” Harold tightened his fists tightly. 
“Dulcie was being bullied badly, so she bit Halley. Then, Halley and a few others ganged up on her, beating her. Wyatt and the others got impatient and pushed Dulcie to the edge. 
Harold seemed to be controlling his emotions. “I thought they were just trying to scare her at the time. thought nothing would happen. I even recorded them as Dulcle asked, thinking it would help her win the 
case. 
“I didn’t expect Wyatt to push her off!” Harold cried. “I never thought he would actually kill Dulciel” 
Hearing that, Jolie gasped and covered her mouth in disbelief. 
Meanwhile, Wynter remained calm. “You said you recorded it. Where’s the footage?” 
“I was afraid Wyatt and his friends would find out, so I kept it hidden. I thought about posting it online.” Harold sobbed. “But I was scared the Lowe family would track me down. 
“Later, I tried going to a cybercafé, but I’m not of age, so they wouldn’t let me in. I reported it 
anonymously, but nothing happened.” 
As he said that, he handed his watch to Wynter. “Everything is in here. Someone tried to take it from me, but I didn’t give it up.” 
Wynter caught onto the key detail. “You said someone tried to take it from you?” 
###chapter925
Chapter 925 I Will Not Tolerate Them 
*After I anonymously reported it, someone contacted me, asking me to show them what I had first. But I was cautious and hung up immediately.” Harold added, “I made the call from a public phone.” 
Upon hearing that, Wynter caressed his head. “You did great. Whatever you didn’t post, I’ll post it on your behalf.” 
As Wynter moved to stand up, Harold followed suit. “Miss.” 
Wynter turned around. 
Harold’s eyes were red. “In The Three Monkeys, it says that bad people go to hell. Will Wyatt and the others go to hell?” 
“They will.” Wynter’s eyes darkened. “They have every reason to.” 
Harold’s face tensed up. “Then I’ll wait to see their fate. I was too timid before, so I owe Dulcie. But I still want to tell her that I’ve fulfilled our promise.” 
To hand the video over to someone who could truly administer justice when the time was right was Harold’s promise to Dulcie. 
Harold had not been doing well during this time. He suffered from nightmares every night. 
He dreamed of Wyatt and the others constantly bullying people. When someone came to interview them, they were the “good students” at school. 
In his dream, Dulcie was trapped underground, bound by heavy iron chains. She couldn’t go anywhere because people said she was promiscuous and that her body developed too early for her age. 
Harold covered his ears, not wanting to listen, but the voices persisted. 
He had promised Dulcie not to give up. 
In the meantime, he had been afraid and trembling at times. He tried to seize many opportunities. 
He listened to Dulcie’s words–to hold back before advancing to the finals. 
Harold didn’t know if Wynter would be their ticket to the finals, but she had said those people would go to hell. He had to take a chance. 
Budd was already ill. If Harold didn’t do so now, he might regret it for the rest of his life. 
Harold looked back, and Jolie was watching him. 
Jolie reached out and hugged him. “Harold, you’re very brave. To me, you’re the Monkey King.” 
What kind of burden must a teenager bear to endure all this? Just listening to it made Jolie feel terrified. 
“Mom, I didn’t stand up for Dulcie when she was being bullied. I didn’t… stand up for her.” Harold’s cry. 
echoed in the hall. 
Chapter 925 | Will Not Tolerate Them 
Everyone who witnessed this scene was deeply moved. 
Wynter withdrew her gaze and dialed a number directly. “This time, I’m acting on my own authority. I deserve credit for the Lowe family’s alleged military merit.” 
The person on the other end of the line looked serious after hearing her words. “The credit has always been yours, but your identity wasn’t convenient to disclose.” 
“The Lowe family’s audacity must stem from you,” Wynter stated bluntly. “What do you mean now? Are you going to continue protecting them?” 
The old man sighed, realizing that Wynter was genuinely furious this time. She was even leveling accusations at him. “If I said I didn’t know, would you believe me?” 
“I’ll believe what you say,” Wynter replied calmly. “The Lowe family acts under you. I just want to inform you that I’m taking action against them.” 
The old man put down his pen. “I’m also at fault for neglecting my duty. You can do whatever you want. 
“My secretary briefed me on the case, and my stance is clear–I will not tolerate them. Not just the Lowe family, but anyone involved will face consequences.” 
“Got it,” Wynter said. 
This was what she wanted to hear. She didn’t intend to let the Lowe family off quietly. She wanted the truth to come out for everyone to see. 
###chapter926
Chapter 926 Bad Guys Will Go to Hell 
The old man hung up the phone and called his secretary over. “Inform everyone that no matter who is involved in that bullying case, report the facts as they are.” 
“But the Lowe family is your- 
“I don’t care!” The old man pointed at a photo emphatically. “We must give that girl justice!” 
At the same time, Wynter restored all the videos and had Wolf upload them online. 
Typically, such cases would not be made public. 
Many lawyers had analyzed that the worst outcome for the kids involved would be detention. However, 
as the videos were revealed, the entire Internet was shocked. 
“The victim didn’t kill herself. She was murdered!” 
“Even though the person who provided the clue had altered the voices, did you hear that? Dulcie was… Oh my God!” 
“Holy! Are these really just kids? Why are they more demonic than demons?” 
This time, the videos were not blurred. The bullies‘ faces were clearly visible. 
It was not just a case of kids not getting along with each other. It was a pure form of evil. They derived pleasure from tormenting others. Their faces made people’s skin crawl. 
In a café, Hector had been discussing last–minute adjustments for the debate on the case, but as soon as 
he saw the video, he knew he was finished. 
“To think their lawyers are helping these monsters fight lawsuits!” 
“Calm down. It’s normal for lawyers to take cases like this. It’s just basic human rights.” 
“It’s normal for other lawyers, but not Hector. Look at all the cases he’s handled before.” 
“He relies on the fact that the defendant is still a minor all the time. I hope these devils will be severely punished this time.” 
“The Lowe family has issues from top to bottom. Where’s the autopsy report? Who handled the case at 
that time?” 
“I hope this case will be investigated thoroughly. This isn’t just simple bullying. It’s a premeditated murder! 
“Wyatt knows that no matter what he does, the Lowe family will cover for him, even if it’s murder!” 
“Teachers turned a blind eye to their future and even covered for Wyatt! This isn’t a school. This is hell!” 
“At home, I can protect my children well, I followed the school’s advice to always pay attention to my child’s studies and psychology. But just because the bully is the principal’s child, you let them play the donkey game!
” 
Chapte 926 Bad Guys Will Go to Hel 
“Wyatt, Tessa, and Halley must be given the death penalty!” 
“Those who protect them shouldn’t think they can escape. Otherwise, I won’t teach my daughter to be 
kind to others anymore!” 
“If this were my daughter, I would be driven up the wall!” 
The revelations caused a huge stir online. 
Alfie, who was under investigation, was still unaware of what was happening online. He was still thinking that the authorities would praise him for his merits and let him retire in peace. 
After all, he had covered up everything so well that no one could uncover anything. 
However, what Alfie didn’t anticipate was that Wynter would sense the complexity of Dulcie’s death early 
on. 
Upon arriving at the Wilson residence and hearing what Leanne said, she immediately harbored doubts about the suicide. 
Besides the videos, she had another ace up her sleeve, which she revealed at this moment. 
It was Dulcie’s notebook that she found through a chain of clues. 
It detailed the entire course of events, including Dulcie’s psychological and physical pain during the 
ordeal. 
Yet, despite everything, she stood up for others when they were being bullied. 
The last page of the notebook read, “I won’t surrender. I want to join the military like my dad when I grow up. I can’t just fall like this. Come on, Dulcie! You can do it!” 
###chapter927
Chapter 927 Punishment Served 
Many people’s eyes welled up with tears when they read Dulcle’s final words, especially people who were parents. 
“How could you lay hands on such a good child?” 
“I just checked. Dulcie was a retired soldier’s child!” 
“The killers must be severely punished!” 
Facing the public’s overwhelming criticism, the compliance officer directly handcuffed Alfie. 
Alfie, who had countless resources at his disposal, showed fear in public for the first time. With widened eyes, he stared at his hands and shouted out in protest. 
He was a decorated hero. How could they treat him like this? 
The compliance officer saw through his thoughts. The evidence against Wyatt for murder is conclusive. The Lowe family tried to destroy evidence, bribed officials, and ignored the law….” 
Alfie couldn’t hear the rest. His face turned pale, and his hands trembled uncontrollably. 
How could this happen? Was there evidence against Wyatt? Could the Lowe family still escape? 
He squinted at the compliance officer, still hoping to leverage his status for information. 
Yet, the officer closed his notebook and spoke sternly, “Wyatt committed intentional murder with extremely malicious intent. He’ll be severely sentenced. 
“All of the Lowe family persecuted the people and disregarded the law. If we don’t eradicate you guys, we’ll be ashamed of the uniform we wear. 
“Throughout history, blood demands blood. What do you think will be Wyatt’s fate?” 
With that, the officer turned to leave. 
Alfie suddenly shouted, “He’s not even 14! And I’m a decorated hero! 1-* 
Before Alfie could finish, the officer interrupted, “Mr. Preston wants me to remind you that you should know how you got that title.” 
In an instant, Alfie was crushed. He slumped into his chair, unable to stand up again. 
There was a kind of suffering worse than death–allowing one to face the consequences they deserved. 
Collin was sentenced to prison, just as Wynter had predicted, She vowed to ensure everyone involved. faced justice, leaving no one untouched. 
Wilbert’s actions regarding military merit were also brought to light. 
It turned out that not only did he not accomplish anything, but he also almost leaked border secrets. 
If it weren’t for Budd putting his life on the line, some crucial defense points might have been exposed to 
Chapter 927 Punishment Served 
the enemy. 
Budd was the true hero. Yet, Wilbert took all the glory for himself. 
2/2 
For years, he leveraged this honor to climb up the ranks and act recklessly. He not only failed to repay Budd’s life–saving grace, but he also stole the hero’s honor. 
The evidence showed that Wilbert knew about Tessa’s Issues. Budd even went to his unit to ask for help based on the camaraderie they shared. 
But what did Wilbert do? He not only drove Budd away but also warned his subordinates not to touch the 
case. 
It was no wonder that Tessa turned out to be a devil, as her father was just the same. 
Tessa and Wilbert were alike. She bullied her classmates and stole the glory of good students. 
The investigation revealed that none of these families were innocent. 
People who knew about the case expressed their dissatisfaction in various ways, vowing to ensure that such a good child like Dulcie would receive blessings. 
“Dulcie, you can enlist again in the next life. Come be my student, okay?” This was a message left by a 
teacher. 
Following that, a male student replied, “Ms. Carney is great. Dulcie, come to Rutherford High School in the next life. I’ll protect you.” 
###chapter928
Chapter 928 Terrified 
“That’s right, we’ll protect you! You won’t be in pain anymore, Dulcle. You’re the best! Let’s be classmates in the future. I’m in Angelwood Kindergarten’s toddler class. Don’t get lost. 
“I’m still not good with words. My mom typed this. I can share my teddy bear cookies with you, Dulcie. Don’t worry. My mom said those bad people will all be dealt with!” 
“I just want to say, an eye for an eye. Also, return the military merit to the Wilson family.” 
The post was inundated with comments expressing a unanimous sentiment–no one was willing to forgive those demons. 
Wyatt, relying on his legal rhetoric and his age, seemed to be acting with confidence, but Wynter could see through his facade of calm. 
Hailey was already intimidated, with no other thoughts in her mind. 
Meanwhile, Tessa was crying. Her face was pale, and she trembled uncontrollably upon hearing that she might go to prison. 
Wynter truly didn’t see them as kids. She didn’t believe that those who devised the donkey game had any good intentions in their hearts. 
Since Tessa wanted to see Wilbert, Wynter fulfilled her request. Not only did she bring Wilbert, but Bryan was also brought before her. 
Just as Tessa was about to speak up, Bryan slapped her hard. 
“How could the Thompson family have given birth to someone like you? You’ve ruined our family! You owe us your life!” 
Bryan, accustomed to occupying top positions, had plummeted to the lowest point of his life. He couldn’t 
handle such a downfall. 
There was no future for the Thompson family anymore. Thinking he could enjoy his later years was simply 
a pipe dream. 
Wilbert was sentenced to death, and the entire Thompson family was ruined. Even Bryan had to go to jail. 
Bryan’s slap resounded so loudly that Wynter, standing outside the door, could hear it. 
Tessa’s mouth was bleeding from the blow. She stood there in shock. 
From that moment on, her long–held values collapsed. 
Haley. 
She had always been praised, and the entire school would walk on eggshells around her and Haley. 
Her grandparents doted on her, giving her whatever she wanted. Why was her grandfather demanding her 
life when trouble arose? 
Tessa’s gaze fell on Bryan’s handcuffed hands. At once, she shook violently. She couldn’t believe that 
Chapter 926 Teofied. 
Bryan was arrested, too. 
If even Bryan had fallen, then she truly had no way out. 
Tessa turned and desperately clawed at the door when she saw Wynter outside. “I’m sorry. I was wrong Everyone makes mistakes when they’re young. Give me a chance, please. I- 
“Why didn’t you admit you were wrong when you were tearing her clothes?” Wynter’s eyes were cold.” Alright, go and spend time with your family. Treasure this last meeting.” 
As Wynter closed the door, Tessa’s face met another slap. She had never been so afraid. She cried out in pain, but Bryan paid no attention. 
Two minutes later, when someone came in to take Bryan away, she huddled in the corner with a bruised 
and swollen face. 
Throughout the ordeal, Wilbert just stood there, as if she deserved to be beaten. 
Only then did Tessa realize what the person who brought her family before her was really after. 
She was terrified. She felt nothing but fear now. 
When Wynter withdrew her gaze, her eyes were calm. But from her back, it was clear that she was drowning in darkness. 
Personal burdens were accumulated by forcefully administering punishment to certain individuals in unconventional ways. 
If conventional methods failed, then she would break the rules.. 
Hailey and Tessa were done for. Next up was Wyatt. 
###chapter929
Chapter 929 Living a Nightmare 
When Wynter entered the room, Wyatt 
Wyatt was drinking water. His hand froze when he saw Wynter. 
Wynter said calmly, “You think all the evidence is gone, but it’s all there. 
“And about your grandpa’s military merit you mentioned, there’s something he must not have told you. A lot of educators were taken away at that time. I was the one who brought them back.” 
She continued nonchalantly, “One of the few things I regret is not taking a closer look at your grandpa’s face. Don’t worry. Your whole family will soon be reunited in hell,” 
“What do you mean?” Wyatt stood up abruptly, yanking at his handcuffs. 
Wynter turned off a nearby video recorder. “Your grandpa and your dad will be sentenced to death. Don’t you think you should join them? If you don’t want 
Join them, that’s fine, too.” 
Her gaze fell on his face. “You’re quite clever. You know that given your age, you can’t be sentenced to death. But truth be told, I think death is too light a punishment for you.” 
Wynter glanced sideways toward a corner of the room. “So, I suggested to Dulcie that you should experience the same fear she once felt.” 
When w 
stayed still, Wyatt didn’t feel the chill on his back. Seeing her eyes glancing at the corner, he quickly turned to look behind him. 
Out of nowhere, he seemed to see a small, shadowy figure standing there, staring at him with a gloomy expression. Its head was almost touching his back 
Wyatt hurriedly stepped back. As a result, he banged into the corner of the table with a loud thud. 
He wasn’t mistaken. It was Dulcie. She was still wearing the wrinkled clothes she had worn when they bullied her. Her eyes were vacant, and her pupils were missing. 
Wyatt trembled all over, shouting. “Is anyone there? There’s a ghost! A ghost!” 
There was no response. Although the window was clear, the people outside seemed oblivious to the scene inside. 
Desperate, Wyatt could only look at Wynter. 
Wynter had set up this formation to avoid interruptions, so she wouldn’t help him. 
Wyatt crawled on the ground with tears streaming down his face. 
Wynter looked down at him, saying, “You do look pretty good. Like you said, you’re rich and good–looking. The people who’ve been in prison for a long time love delicate scions like you. 
“Don’t worry. You won’t be sentenced to death. I’ll arrange a place for you. You’ll live a nightmare every day. 
“Your two little buddies will also join you in prison. Let’s see who becomes more popular.” 
Chapter 929 Living a Nightmare 
After saying that, Wynter put away the copper coin and turned the recorder back on. 
Only then did Wyatt seem to grasp what her words meant. 
He shouted, “Kill me! Just kill me! Grandpa, save me!” 
The interrogators were puzzled by the situation, but they guessed that Wynter had said something to him. 
But since everything Wynter did was within permissible bounds and there was no physical contact with Wyatt, they couldn’t say anything. 
Wyatt clutched one of the interrogators‘ shirts. “I want to see my grandpa!” 
“It’s too late now.” The interrogator shook his head. “Take him away and lock him up until the first trial.” Hearing the words “lock him up“, Wyatt broke down completely. “No! Don’t! Kill me! Just kill me!” 
The interrogators exchanged glances. Since Wyatt arrived, this was the first time he seemed genuinely 
afraid. 
They didn’t know what Wynter had said, but Dalton, who had been quietly providing clues, could guess everything perfectly. 
###chapter930
Chapter 930 Apologles 
Dalton, having mostly recovered, possessed the ability to see spirits that ordinary people couldn’t, even those trapped in this world. 
Standing at the door, he cut an impressive figure in his impeccable suit. Unlike the rest of the place, he exuded a calm and scholarly air, unaffected by anything. 
Wynter was greeted by this sight as she exited the room. She raised an eyebrow. 
Before she could move closer, Dalton turned to her, as if he had been waiting for her. His eyes were 
strikingly beautiful, and his deep, resonant voice was soothing to hear. “Is everything taken care of?” 
For a moment, Wynter felt a wave of familiarity, as if she had witnessed a similar scene before. 
It wasn’t here but in a mist–shrouded palace. In that vision, he stood bathed in light. He was dressed in a 
deep crimson robe and was smiling as he turned to her. 
Wynter shook her head, trying to dispel the image as 
it blurred the lines between imagination and reality. 
Before she could fully shake it off, Dalton gently placed his hand on her head. Looking down at her, he 
raised an eyebrow. His expression seemingly asked if she had a headache. 
Wynter suddenly blurted out, “Did we know each other before?” 
“Before? How long ago?” Dalton gazed into her eyes and smiled. “When we were in Southdale? Or do you 
mean when you were a child?” 
Wynter was momentarily confused. “A child?” 
“When you were just a few months old.” 
Dalton’s handsome face bore an air of aristocratic elegance. As if recounting a story, he said, “I visited 
the Quinnell residence, and you wouldn’t let go of my thumb. You drooled all over it. You must have 
forgotten.” 
Wynter was speechless. How could she remember that? 
Seeing the spark of life in her eyes, Dalton gently ruffled her hair. “Don’t overthink it. You did the right 
thing. Some people only appear like kids on the surface.” 
She had even shrouded herself in a dark mist. She had really forgotten about everything. 
Perhaps it was just her imagination, but Wynter felt much better after Dalton rubbed her head. 
This was the benefit of having a hot guy by her side. The purple aura of heaven’s favorite was indeed very effective 
After regaining her composure, Wynter looked up. “Let’s go to the Wilson residence.” 
This time, the entire neighborhood gathered below the Wilson residence. Some sent flowers, some wrote letters, and some admitted they were jerks who shouldn’t have jumped to conclusions. 
“Chapter 650 Apoloniek 
When Budd woke up, he heard the bustling noise outside. 
Assuming they were again gossiping about Leanne, he clenched his fists, ready to break the Epoch Collection threads tied around him. 
To his surprise, what he heard from the living room were apologies. 
“Leanne, we were wrong before. This is from me and Dario from the sixth floor. We bought it from the supermarket. Everyone chipped in, though it’s just some fruit. We want to apologize to you.” 
“We saw the video about Dulcle. We deserve to be slapped. She was such a good kid. W–We don’t deserve to be humans!” 
“Leanne, if you’re angry, feel free to slap us. We won’t fight back.” 
Budd, still overwhelmed with resentment, tried to rise. 
Just then, Leanne’s voice sounded. “Video? What video?” 
She had been closely watching Budd, not daring to take her eyes off him. 
Wynter had promised to personally bring the good news when it came. She had been sternly instructed to keep an eye on the copper coins on Budd’s body. 
“Leanne, you haven’t heard about the video?” One of the neighbors sounded surprised. 
“The ones who bullied Dulcie have all been caught.” 
“We’re all signing a petition now.” 
Amid the bustling voices, a clear and crisp sound suddenly rang 
###chapter931
Chapter 931 The Truth Should Be Known 
“There’s no need to go through all that trouble. Those scumbags won’t get off lightly 
It was Wynter, holding a diary and some documents in her hands. Her gaze passed through the crowd. and settled into the depths of the living room. 
“Mr. Wilson, Mrs. Wilson, I’m here to fulfill my promise.” 
Leanne’s eyes wavered. Her neighbor’s words had made her feel somewhat disoriented. But when she saw Wynter, her mind cleared up considerably. 
Leanne’s thin hand reached out, as though she wanted to confirm something. Her voice trembled slightly as she said, “Come in. Please come in.” 
The rest of the details were not suitable for public disclosure. 
From the moment Wynter stepped into the hallway, she sensed Budd’s resentment. He must have already 
woken up. 
All the neighbors wanted to follow them in. Not out of gossip, but out of a genuine desire to help. 
Wynter didn’t stop them. The Wilson family’s case needed to be laid bare and aired in the sunlight for the 
truth to come out. 
Seeing Budd awake, Leanne froze for a moment before stepping forward quickly. “Budd, Ms. Quinnell said 
“I heard.” Budd squeezed her hand and shifted his gaze to Wynter. 
His entire face was pale with dark circles under his eyes as he spoke, “I want to know everything Dulcie 
went through before she died. No matter how gruesome the footage, I can handle it.” 
As a father, Budd’s greatest regret was the consecutive overtime during that period. Did Dulcie ever send 
out a distress signal that he ignored? Just thinking about it caused a stabbing pain in his chest. 
Wynter didn’t conceal anything and handed him her phone. 
Dalton followed her the whole time. His profile was strikingly handsome, and his demeanor dignified. 
He maintained a respectful distance, not participating directly but seeming to convey the message that he was always there for Wynter. 
As they entered the neighborhood, an elderly lady walking by said to Wynter, “You’ve found yourself a good boyfriend. He cares for you 
Wynter didn’t think much of it at the time, but now, she felt a sense of reassurance as Dalton’s eyes met 
hers. 
“The video footage on the phone was collected by Dulcie’s classmate. Dulcle had made an agreement with him to go to the police that night because they didn’t want any more victims to be chosen as the 
donkey. 
Chapter 931 The Trum the the kalen 
“Dulcie was always brave Not only did she never think of yielding, but the also thought about preventing 
the next victim. That’s why she made so many preparations 
“It’s precisely because she’s brave enough that she left behind this evidence, giving us the chance to bring the criminals to justice 
As Wynter spoke those words, Budd’s and Leanne’s eyes were already red 
Leanne’s hands trembled as she flipped through the photo album She didn’t dare to watch the video, but her eyes were wide open, memorizing every aspect of Dulcie’s face 
Leanne couldn’t hold back her sobs any longer when a loud bang sounded 
Her cry would tug at anyone’s heartstrings, especially that of a mother. It was unbearable to see 
Leanne held onto the phone as tears streamed down her face. “Duls My Duls!” 
Her crying was so heartbreaking that it made everyone upset. 
The neighbors in the neighborhood didn’t come in. They stood at the door, listening 
They had all seen the videos online. It was because they had seen them that they realized just how misguided they had been during this time. 
Humans had feelings. If it were their own child in such a situation, they’d probably have gone mad. 
Chapter 932 Budd’s Retief 
###chapter932
Chapter 932 Budd’s Relief 
Budd sat there, still wrapped in invisible threads that ordinary people couldn’t see. The Epoch Collection hanging on him was ringing. 
He seemed to have completely lost his emotions. His eyes were almost engulfed by the black mist. 
Wynter watched him but didn’t show any intention of stopping him. Instead, she handed Dulcie’s 
notebook to him. 
“Dulcie was a very smart kid. She must have been good at biology and chemistry.” Wynter smiled. “She 
mentioned that this was a game you used to play with her when she was younger. She wrote some words 
in a certain way that only you could see.” 
When she said that, Budd suddenly raised his eyes. 
He remembered Wynter’s other identity and now realized something. “Ms. Quinnell, you can see Dulcie, can’t you?” 
Hearing this, the neighbors thought Budd had lost his mind. Only Leanne believed in him because she knew how capable Wynter was. 
She looked at Wynter with hopeful eyes. 
Wynter turned slightly. With her back facing the neighbors, she nodded subtly at the couple. 
She leaned down and whispered in Leanne’s ear, “I brought her here. She’s right beside you and Mr. 
Wilson.” 
Leanne wasn’t sure if it was her imagination or not, but a sudden gust of cold wind blew through the room. 
Others felt cold, but Budd and Leanne both teared up simultaneously. 
The Epoch Collection on Budd fell silent, and he slightly crouched down, as if wanting to get closer to 
that breeze. 
Wynter withdrew her gaze, as if agreeing to something with Dulcie. She brought up the comments from netizens and handed them to the Wilson couple. 
“Dulcie hopes you can take a look at these, Wynter said. 
Budd’s gaze shifted over. 
The case was still brewing. Though the criminals had been caught, the impact remained. Countless people were demanding justice for Dulcie. They all stood on Dulcie’s side. 
It was unlike when the school’s post claimed Dulcie’s death was due to her poor psychological endurance. 
Many people, even children as young as a few years old, were speaking up for Dulcie. They said that when they grew up, they would protect people like Dulcie. 
Speaking up bravely against bullying was not wrong. If there was still injustice, it wasn’t their fault, but the 
Chapter 932 Budd’s Relief 
22 
bullies‘. It was those who abused their power and trampled on others who were wrong. 
Budd had harbored hatred. What he had been willing to protect with his life had turned into daggers that stabbed Dulcie. His youthful passion had gradually cooled with torment. 
But now, as he read those comments, he suddenly understood something. 
There were many families like theirs. They had no money or power, living their lives honestly. But 
whenever needed, every one of them would help. 
Yes, what he had desperately protected were these people. 
Budd choked on his voice. “Ms. Quinnell, did Duls say anything else?” 
“No, she just hopes you can look at these more.” Wynter hinted, “I believe you know what she really wants 
to express. 
The black mist in Budd’s eyes dissipated by a large margin. 
Dulcie was telling him, “Dad, you were not wrong back then. How could protecting others be wrong?” 
But the more this was the case, the more Budd’s heart felt stifled. He clenched his fists tightly. 
“Duls often told me she wanted to enlist in the future. She liked criminal investigations. She also liked helping others.” 
###chapter933
Chapter 933 Dulcie’s Last Wish 
Wynter’s fingertip traced over the surface of the diary. “She’s especially fond of helping the weak. She 
wrote in here, ‘Girls should help cute girls.“” 
Wynter’s final tone mimicked Dulcle’s. 
Outside the door, many people were listening. 
In the living room at this moment, besides Leanne’s sudden crying, there were no other sounds, 
Budd opened the diary, then took out a bottle of water from the coffee table and dripped a few drops 
onto the rough white paper. 
Soon, a passage written in light purple ink appeared on the paper. 
“Dad, I saw an interview online today. Those children at the border you saved have all grown up. They haven’t forgotten you, Dad. They’re all amazing. Some of them can even ride horses and shoot arrows! 
“Dad, you’re always a great hero to me. With you around, I’m not afraid. After I finish this year’s exams, 
can you take me there to see them? I want to see a rocket launch and ride horses. 
“Dad, I encountered something today and was about to give up. In an interview, a lady said that they used 
to not let girls study there, but after you went there, education spread there, too. 
“Now, she’s an Air Force pilot. It’s so cool! It’s the Air Force! 
“Dad, I won’t give up on myself. The books say we need others to save us sometimes, but more importantly, we need to save ourselves. 
“Let’s protect Mom together. I want to be like that lady–to do what I want to do. When the time comes…” 
Dulcie didn’t finish writing the rest of the words. The word “comes” was not even completed, as if the ink 
had run out. 
By the time Leanne read this far, she was sobbing uncontrollably. 
Budd held her. The moment tears fell from his eyes, the black mist disappeared completely. 
He had promised Dulcie to protect Leanne. Dulcie remembered, but he had forgotten. 
Dulcle had 
always been like a little sun, warming everyone around her. 
“Mr. Wilson, rest assured. All the people in this video won’t appear again.” Wynter stared into Budd’s eyes. “And I guarantee that even if the law doesn’t sentence them to death, I’ll make sure they’ll have fates 
worse than death. 
“The moment I saw you, I knew you had two guardians by your side. One is the military merit you have earned, and the other one is Dulcie. I only found out after reading this diary. 
“She doesn’t want you to dirty your hands for her. Defending your country is not wrong. Dulcie learned well from you and loves this country just like you.” 
Chapter 933 Dulce’s Last With 
Wynter continued, “So, Mr. Wilson, do you still want to be used by others as a sacrifice? 
“Dulcie has always been guarding you. She’s been using her spiritual energy to protect your original intention. It’s time for us to send her off.” 
Wynter’s voice was very gentle 
Budd’s eye wavered. “Duls, she 
“She doesn’t want you to regret it.” Wynter’s eyes were icy as she continued, “The person coaxing you to be a sacrifice has ulterior motives.” 
Budd’s hand dropped. Tm powerless I can only seek justice for Duls in this way 
ere you, 
“Mr. Wilson, you misunderstood me.” Wynter looked over. “You haven’t done anything wrong. If I were even if I had to make a deal with the devil, I would do it as long as it makes those scumbags pay the price. An eye for an eye.” 
She glanced beside her. “Now that the truth is out…” 
Smiling. Dalton approached her. 
Wynter grabbed his hand, pressed it against Budd’s wrist, and then gave a strong tug. “Some unnecessary agreements should be broken.” 
10 
Chapter 934 Dalton’s Fortune Is Really Use
###chapter934
Chapter 934 Dalton’s Fortune Is Really Useful 
Following that move, a thunderclap boomed across the sky. 
The people outside were still moved by Dulcle’s heartfelt words, not noticing what was happening. It wasn’t until the thunder struck that they turned their heads toward the window in shock. 
There was no rain, so where did such the thunder come from? 
Someone remarked that the continuous rumbling sounded like something undergoing a trial. 
Indeed, it was a trial. A water dragon was rolling through the lightning, dodging here and there. 
Dalton was practically cheating, using his heavenly luck to break the agreement. Who could say anything against that? 
In the end, all the thunder was after him. 
But there was another person–that cunning medium. 
Speaking of which, Sothoth was doing just fine underwater until that medium removed the seal and let 
him out. 
Though he had been suppressed and felt a bit uncomfortable, there was no Chaos underwater, and he 
never lacked food. 
Now, he had come out, but he’d become someone else’s snack 
If Sothoth didn’t get struck by lightning a couple of times, Chaos might just listen to Dalton and turn him into a crispy roast snake. 
So he let the thunder strike. It’d be best if it struck that medium dead, too. 
On a hillside villa, a 70–year–old tree was split in half by a lightning bolt, crashing straight into the yard. 
The butler was so startled he nearly dropped his cup. Meanwhile, a maid got scratched by a falling 
branch. But fortunately, no one was seriously injured 
“Why is there suddenly thunder?” 
“And look, doesn’t the direction of the lightning seem odd?” 
“It looks like it’s all aiming at sir’s study… 
“Watch your mouth! Do you want to get fired?” A maid promptly silenced the other’s speculation. 
They had come to work in the villa at the same time. 
As a place where their employer often came for recuperation, it always had an inexplicable eeriness. For instance, they had recently heard sounds from underground. It sounded like a little girl talking. 
They didn’t dare to ask too much. After all, their salary here was quite high, so it was best to just do their jobs well. 
Chapter 93-4 Daltons Fortune Is Really Useful 
2/2 
However, there was one thing they found difficult to handle. Their employer’s son seemed to have noticed something. He was always asking them tricky questions over the phone. 
Come to think of it, he hadn’t returned in many days. Meanwhile, their employer… 
The maids exchanged glances. In this house, they never dared to mention their employer. 
They had a secret they never shared with anyone, not even their families. 
They always felt he was strange. In public, he seemed perfectly normal, but at the villa, he became frightening. 
What disturbed them most was how much younger he looked. It wasn’t an illusion. He genuinely looked younger. 
Night after night, it became more apparent. This phenomenon had been there since they arrived at the 
villa. 
Over the years, he had times when he looked extremely old, as if on the verge of death. But after spending six days at the villa, he would look completely rejuvenated again. 
With a boom, another bolt of lightning struck from the clouds. 
Budd’s resentment completely dissipated. 
The sacrificial mark was lifted. No one could absorb his fortune anymore. 
As a sacrifice, he wouldn’t have had a soul after death, nor could he reincarnate. Even his descendants would suffer. 
The other party definitely wouldn’t have mentioned this. 
But now, everything was resolved. 
Thanks to Dalton’s extraordinary fortune and dense purple aura, no amount of lightning could touch him. 
Wynter looked at Dalton with satisfaction, suddenly realizing that this could be a business opportunity. Dalton was speechless when he saw the look in her eyes. 
#Spin to Claim Your Surprise 
###chapter935
Chapter 935 Living Up to Expectations 
Outside, the thunder ceased. Wynter released Dalton’s hand right on time. 
Dalton’s eyes were inscrutable as he glanced at her. Seeming to recall something, he smiled as he gently 
rubbed his fingertip. 
The scarlet rosary bracelet on his wrist gleamed with an indescribable luster. Dalton exuded an air of nobility and restraint. His dark, thick eyelashes fluttered slightly, adding a touch of coldness to his 
presence. 
Just like before, Wynter used people when needed and discarded them just as quickly when she didn’t. 
Dalton raised his hand and pulled her back. Wynter didn’t understand his actions, but she felt much better. 
With the trial over, the Wilson family would now have smooth sailing ahead. The things at the bottom of 
the river wouldn’t resurface, either. 
The water dragon was just the beginning. Nurtured by the resentment of the sacrifice, the suppressed malevolent spirits would grow stronger. 
Although she hadn’t seen the seal Atwater had mentioned, she knew its origins. 
Every country had its own fortune, and Cascadia valued Celestial Force the most. Their ancestors had 
been guarding it since their time, 
Many had tried to destroy Cascadia’s fortune through mystic arts. 
Since the land had always been fertile and full of vitality, the mastermind behind this sought to use the 
land’s fortune to destroy the Celestial Force. 
Wynter thought the reason he chose the river bottom was because that seal was least likely to be 
discovered. 
After a flood, there would be many animal corpses and bacteria that could cause diseases. That was why it was often said that epidemics followed natural disasters. 
Such a scenario would lead to widespread illness, with many unable to survive. 
Given the prevalence of various viruses today, the elderly and children would struggle the most. 
The mastermind’s intentions were far from simple. And this wasn’t the first time something like this had happened. 
Atwater had experienced it himself, which was why he had warned her. 
But their ancestors were wise. Long ago, they integrated formations into their daily lives. Even architectural aesthetics naturally developed to include protective elements. 
People living in the northwest region would never imagine that the bridge spanning the river itself had a sealing effect. 
Chapter 935 Living Up to Expectations 
Plus, the dragon lock chain beneath it wasn’t just decorative. It was a seal established by several mediums back in the day. It wasn’t something Just anyone could break. 
The mastermind’s abilities were likely on par with Atwater’s. 
Wynter’s eyes darkened as she glanced toward a corner. She needed to find out why they had chosen the Wilson family. 
The mastermind surely had a way, 
Wynter didn’t believe that the Wilson family being chosen was a recent event. Instead, she felt that everything had been set in motion a long time ago. 
As Wynter pondered this, two imposing off–road vehicles pulled up in the neighborhood. 
Many 
residents watched, as the license plates were very rare. 
“What’s going on?” 
“It looks like they’re heading to the Wilson residence.” 
“Mom, look! There are so many soldiers! They’re marching so neatly!” 
Almost every child was watching. 
Around seven men in army green uniforms, each tall and upright, got out of the vehicles. Though moving in formation, they still made way for the children they encountered. 
The children loved watching this and ran over one after another. Seeing the soldiers heading upstairs, they eagerly followed. 
The leader seemed to be carrying something. 
Seeing them, the people standing at the Wilson residence’s door instinctively made way for them. 
“Recruit Training Camp Unit 071 welcomes Dulcle Wilson to the camp.” 
###chapter936
Chapter 936 The Soul’s Destination 
With a swish, all seven men saluted simultaneously. 
Budd looked over. His eyes wavered as if he couldn’t believe it. “Y–You guys?” 
“Long time no see, Mr. Wilson.” The leader’s eyes turned red. “It’s us. Do you remember Ramiro at the back? You carried him for 12 miles so he could survive.” 
The man named Ramiro Knox had a scar near his eye. He stepped forward and hugged Budd. “It’s me, Mr. Wilson. I always thought you were doing well. Over the years, you never contacted us. You…” 
Ramiro’s voice trembled. If it weren’t for this case, everyone would have thought Budd didn’t want to contact them. 
After all, they were all children back then. But now they realized someone had been blocking Budd’s path at every turn. 
“Captain Wilson.” The man with a shoulder mark on his shoulder stepped forward. “We all know about your situation. 
“Mr. Preston assures you that the organization won’t neglect any heroes. The Lowes, the Thompsons, and the Reeds will all be punished. 
“Dulcie’s wish will be fulfilled by us, Unit 071. From today, Dulcie is our youngest soldier.” 
Of course, there wouldn’t be any formal enlistment, but this was Dulcie’s 
dying wish. 
Leanne understood Dulcie best. If she knew that her favorite unit was here at the house and allowed her 
to join, she would be overjoyed. 
Holding his notebook tightly, Budd couldn’t contain himself any longer. His voice trembled as he said, Duls, did you hear that? Your wish has come true.” 
In the corner, Dulcie nodded heavily, and her eyes shone. Though there wasn’t a spot on her that wasn’t 
injured, she was still smiling. 
Looking at her parents, she reached out and wanted to hold Leanne’s hand, but she was afraid Leanne 
would be tainted by her dark aura. 
Seeing this, Wynter placed the purple sugilite pendant in Leanne’s hand. 
In that instant, Leanne seemed to feel something–the warmth and softness of Dulcie’s hand in hers during their post
–dinner strolls. 
Leanne covered her mouth with her hand. 
When she realized what was going on, she deeply bowed to Wynter. “Thank you. Thank you so much.” 
Leanne knew deep down that without Wynter, Dulcie wouldn’t have found peace in death. Those scumbags wouldn’t have been punished, either. 
Chapter 936 The Souls Destination 
Even if she and Budd sacrificed their lives, what they would get in return would only be their own regrets. 
Wynter reached out. To help Leanne move on, Wynter said with a smile, “Mrs. Wilson, I’m not helping you for nothing. I want your faith.” 
“Faith?” Leanne didn’t understand, but she was sincere. “Both Budd and I will give you whatever you want.” 
Budd nodded, too. He approached, wanting to say something. 
Wynter stopped him. “Mr. Wilson, you should take your glory first. It’s your credit, and it should have been. returned to you long ago.” 
When the members of Unit 071 arrived, they held up the same flag as back then. 
All the neighbors witnessed it when Budd wore his military medal. 
Someone took a picture and posted it online, and Kate closely followed this matter’s progress. this, she seemed to finally understand what Wynter had said before leaving. 
Kate typed out an apology from the bottom of her heart. 
Seeing 
All of Lavend International School was being reorganized. Anyone involved in the bullying paid the price. That day, many teachers and students were arrested. 
###chapter937
Chapter 937 The Return of Justice 
This was Wynter’s proposal. Prolonged distorted games would influence the students‘ values in life. Without proper education, these students would become tumors in society. 
Even without Wyatt, Hailey, or Tessa, there would always be others like them. Thus, the root cause had to 
be addressed. 
Lavend International School was forced to cease operations. As the police Investigated the higher–ups, it became evident that they bore responsibility. This sparked anxiety among educators, who feared for their 
jobs. 
This was something everyone had longed for. So, when the order came to investigate thoroughly, 
netizens cheered. 
The Lowe family didn’t receive lenient sentences. Most received death penalties. 
Just as Wynter said, those who weren’t sentenced to death wished they were dead rather than live in 
prison. 
Budd also made appearances in interviews. This time, he carried himself with integrity and honor. Beside him, Leanne clutched Dulcie’s birthday photo, radiating with pride. 
Some netizens said, “Justice may be delayed, but not denied. I choose to be a brave resistor after seeing 
this scene.” 
Another said, “Dulcie’s case didn’t just save herself. Can anyone understand that? Our school is also under investigation. Those who were bullied in the past are 
now being protected.” 
“We won’t become the bullies. But when someone is bullied, I hope I can be the one to speak up. Because what if I’m the missing piece?” 
Never underestimate the power of faith. 
Wynter asked Leanne for her faith for two reasons–for the seal and Dalton. 
Even if Dalton was favored by the heavens, she couldn’t always deplete his purple aura. It was necessary to replenish it when needed. 
When there was no one around, Dalton watched as Wynter grabbed his collar and opened her palm to 
offer him the faith. 
Dalton raised an eyebrow and instinctively pushed her away. 
Wynter was taken aback. Was he rejecting her? What was going on with her handsome fiancé today? 
“It’s good for you. Don’t you want it?” Wynter didn’t like being rejected, except by people like Charlie. 
Dalton grabbed her hand and stood straight. He spoke with a light cough, “Since it’s good, keep it for yourself.” 
Wynter frowned. Did he know how rare faith was? Judging from his demeanor, he probably did. 
Chapter 937 The Return of Justice 
Dalton didn’t hide anything from her. He smiled gently. “Faith is useful for a medium, but for me, it’s like at tonic. I don’t need these with you around.” 
He then held her hand and lowered his gaze. “Anyway, feel free to use my fortune.” 
The more Wynter understood Dalton, the more she realized he was different from ordinary people. Normally, humans or spirits would want to accumulate as much fortune as possible. 
Yet, he didn’t seem to care at all. He was incredibly generous, making Wynter feel embarrassed for using him to make money. 
“After I’m done with my work, I’ll treat you to dinner,” she said as she withdrew her hand and redirected 
her gaze upstairs. 
Dalton agreed, “Alright.” 
The two stood side by side. After Sothoth finished the thunderstrike trial and witnessed this scene, he wasn’t sure if he should approach. 
What was Dalton thinking? Was it for revenge? 
Sothoth’s eyes lit up as if suddenly enlightened. This must be the reason. 
‘Chante: 915 Che Used to Keep Boy 
###chapter938
Chapter 938 She Used to Keep Boy Toys 
Back then, those old mediums didn’t know the overlord’s true identity and insisted on sealing him 
underground. 
Dalton must be seeking revenge for what happened back then. That was why he found Wynter. 
From what Sothoth saw, Wynter was quite remarkable. Her skills in the Arcane Way were average, but her. 
natural talent was exceptional. 
Moreover, she didn’t follow the usual norms. Her methods were nothing like the Arcane Way he 
remembered. 
However, anyone capable of becoming a grand master typically had unconventional thinking. 
And Wynter seemed to have some suppressed power. Dalton probably noticed this and wanted to devour 
her soul. 
However, so far, Sothoth hadn’t found any signs of a contract between Dalton and her. 
Legend had it that Dalton had once made a contract with someone. That person had a poor reputation, with no virtues except good looks. This individual liked to toy with people, not treating them as humans. 
Why Dalton made a contract with such a person remained a mystery. Given his aesthetic sense, he should have preferred someone pure and innocent. 
That person was known for keeping many boy toys. She was a princess at the time. Relying on her status, she disregarded all morals. 
The royal family, hoping to cultivate her character, even sent her to the mountains. 
Surprisingly, a thousand–year–old sect liked this princess and built her a palace for her cultivation. 
It was said that when this princess got married, thunder roared, as though her marriage was not accepted 
by the world. 
Grandmasters from various sects appeared in the sky, not only shielding her from the thunder but seemingly defying the heavens for her. 
However, that sect was different from others. 
While others cultivated for ascension and slayed many great demons, the sect was known for its 
youngest apprentice, who liked to keep boy toys. 
Of course, Sothoth had heard these stories from Drakonis, the emerald dragon who could control the clouds and rain, while at sea. 
Having only lived for a few hundred years, Sothoth wasn’t well–versed in events from thousands of years ago. All he knew was that the overlord despised cultivators. 
Since Wynter was able to control Chaos, he felt things were not so simple. Yet, he hadn’t heard of anyone other than the overlord having such abilities. 
Chapter 998 She Used to Keep Boy Toys 
Just then, Dalton noticed Sothoth’s presence. 
His smile faded as he looked over. His face remained handsome and noble, but his eyes turned cold, devoid of any emotion. 
Aside from a lofty indifference, there was no hint of joy or anger. Only an indescribable sense of oppression could be felt. 
In those eyes, Sothoth read a warning, as if saying not to speak out of turn. 
This Dalton was entirely different from his earlier self. 
Of course, with Wynter around, no one would associate him with the legendary, aloof scion of Kingbourne. Dalton was undeniably warm in front of Wynter. 
Just as Sothoth had said, Dalton was too good at pretending to be human, especially with his sickly demeanor. Those unaware would genuinely think he was weak. In reality, it was a means of concealment. 
Sothoth shivered all over as he cautiously approached. “I’ve endured all the thunderstrikes I was 
supposed to. Can I leave now?” he asked, hoping Wynter would control Chaos. 
Wynter had already noticed him as well. She waved her hand. 
###chapter939
Chapter 939 Sothoth’s Ascension 
With a thud, Sothoth fell flat on the ground. 
He was speechless. Why did Wynter always use her Arcane Way skills at the slightest provocation? 
As Wynter looked at him, she said calmly, “You had a sleazy look on your face just now. What were you 
thinking?” 
Sothoth still wasn’t obedient enough. Since she had taken him In, she needed to teach him proper 
conduct. 
Sothoth struggled to get up, feeling wronged. That was just how he looked. He couldn’t help his face from looking sleazy. 
“I was just thinking you’re really clever with your methods,” Sothoth said, referring to her use of heavenly luck to break the agreement.. 
Wynter could sense his loyalty wasn’t absolute. Water dragons were inherently cunning. 
But it didn’t matter. The contract was in place. 
She looked at Sothoth at her feet and spoke leisurely, “This is nothing. My best skill is cooking. If you ever 
want to try it, let me know. It’ll be a death worth dying for.” 
Sothoth froze, immediately adopting a sycophantic attitude. 
“Master, how could I be worthy of your cooking? I came to tell you that now that we have the 
thunderstrike marks, we can search for the cunning medium who used me.” 
Right now, he needed to find someone to vent his anger on. 
“No rush,” Wynter said, gazing at the constantly shifting clouds in the western sky. “Go to the sealing site 
first.” 
With those words, she waved her right hand again. 
Lying on the ground, Sothoth could feel the change within himself. An energy that could aid his cultivation spread throughout his entire body. His scales began to shimmer with a faint golden hue. 
Sothoth’s gaze wavered as he excitedly looked at his hands. When he turned his gaze toward Wynter, it was filled with gratitude and surprise. “Master, I…” 
Wynter said calmly, “Ascending to a 
fully–fledged dragon now is difficult. With this faith, as long as you 
protect your river domain, you’ll ascend in 30 years. 
“Go now. I’ve given you what you wanted. Do what you must–repair the seal first.” 
Rebuilding the seal required a suppressive force. A water dragon was second only to a fully–fledged dragon in this regard, making Sothoth the ideal choice for a suppressive force. 
Sothoth enjoyed this task as well. To him, 30 years was just a few meals and a few hibernations away. 
Chapter 939 Sothoths Ascension 
Sleeping under the riverbed was what he excelled at. 
And the possibility of turning into a fully–fledged dragon was beyond his wildest dreams. 
He had abandoned this notion after meeting the overlord. 
Over countless years and changing generations, he had been deceived by numerous mediums, all promising him the dream of becoming a fully–fledged dragon. 
But they were all liars. To Sothoth, humans were the least trustworthy. With environmental degradation, human nature was becoming more cunning by the day. 
Sothoth had never thought a medium would truly help him ascend. “I… Thank you, master. I’ll guard it, not just for 30 years, but 100 if needed.” 
Sothoth was overwhelmed with gratitude. He was overjoyed at the sight of his scales gradually turning 
gold. 
It was worth noting that among his kind, anything gold signified a true, fully–fledged dragon, blessed by heaven. Other dragon kinds would regard them highly, and lesser beings would see them as royalty. 
###chapter940
Chapter 940 Something Happened to Wolf 
Such an honorable opportunity was practically unheard of. If his useless father could see him now, he would definitely regret abandoning him and his mother. 
Sothoth knew Wynter could have chosen to not give him those merits. However, she did. She wasn’t like 
those other mediums who kept using him. 
Instead, she kept to her promise and rewarded him for everything he had done. 
Sothoth couldn’t help but wonder if his hatred for humans would decrease if they all kept to their promises. Perhaps he would not have the urge to eat them out of hatred. 
After thinking things through, he concluded that he could only repay her by strengthening their pact. 
However, Wynter did not allow him to continue spilling his blood. 
Her thought process was simple. She already knew where she would be after 100 years. There was no need for her to bind a water dragon to her. 
Not to mention, the water pollution was indeed terrible. 
“There’s no need for that. Just remember to stop eating people and help me keep an eye on the river bed. You’ve also seen how I do things firsthand. Don’t act out if you don’t want to become food.” 
“Don’t worry. As long as you’re still here, I’ll always help you watch over the South–West corner!” 
Those other mediums would not have a chance with him here. 
After that, Sothoth transformed into a cloud. He stopped behind Wynter momentarily before heading toward the South–West comer. 
There were very few people throughout history who were able to get a dragon to willingly do something 
for them. 
Dalton watched them as he smirked in amusement. 
Even after so many years, Wynter was still able to gain the trust of all sorts of people and spirits, including his mount, Wolf, who only had eyes for food. 
Meanwhile, Wolf was sitting before his computer when he suddenly sneezed. He pulled down his baseball cap and felt an itch in his nose. 
He shook his head, feeling displeased. He felt like someone was talking about him behind his back. 
He had been looking through all the unusual weather reports across the internet and took photos of them all. 
One particular picture managed to catch his eye, and he quickly took a second glance. He was sure he had been to that place before, though he couldn’t remember why he had been there. 
Wolf looked up at the sky. He was about to get up when he saw someone with silvery–white hair who 
Chapter 940 something Happenes 
looked familiar. He dashed across the streets and seemed to be injured. 
The color of Wolf’s eyes began to change when he smelled the scent of blood.. 
The whole plaza began to shake. It was the first time Wolf had shown off his ferociousness as an Ancient 
Beast. 
His consciousness began to fade as his hunger grew. He began to follow his instinct and slowly made his way into the dark alley. 
The other areas were still shaking. It happened so suddenly that the windows by the coffee shop next door immediately shattered. Some of the elderly people nearby managed to hold onto the railings to avold falling 
In a neighborhood nearby, Wynter seemed to have felt something as she immediately froze. 
Dalton also froze as black mist began to shroud their surroundings. 
Dalton was Chaos‘ master, while Wynter had formed a pact with Wolf. Hence, they could sense the change in Wolf. 
Wynter had wanted to ask Budd about the situation regarding the sacrifice, but she could not focus on that matter anymore and quickly left the place. 
“Something has happened to Wolf,” Wynter said as she got on her BMW Tomahawk. She didn’t even bring Dalton with her. 
Dalton was also acting weirdly. He did not follow her this time. 
In Wynter’s heart, Wolf had been by her side longer than anyone else, including Atwater. 
Wynter’s memories weren’t completely intact. She seemed to have lived another life before. But that life felt strange and unfamiliar to her, 
###chapter941
Chapter 941 Meeting Tyler 
Wolf had accompanied her throughout her days of self–doubt. That was why Wynter always hoped that the prophecy would not come true. 
Before Atwater disappeared, he had told her that Chaos would cause havoc in the world. He advised her to be careful and prepared to do whatever would be necessary. 
That was what Wynter had disapproved the most regarding Atwater’s words. 
Wolf was like 
family to her. He was like an enthusiastic boy whenever he had something to eat. Although he did not have the fastest reflex, he was loyal and focused on upholding justice. 
How could such a boy destroy the world? 
Wynter could only blame the rumors. Either that, or someone had tricked Wolf. 
Sothoth had told her that Wolf used to have a master. 
Wolf was so young. How could he do anything wrong? His master must be an idiot and did not know how to educate him properly. 
It was complete nonsense to claim that Wolf would wreak havoc in the world. 
She would much rather his master never wake up than risk Wolf’s safety. 
Wynter leaned forward. She was like a bullet whizzing in between the cars as she quickly rushed to Wolf’s location. 
At the same time, the old man was currently smashing the teacup his butler had just brought out. 
The teacup wasn’t filled with tea. Instead, it was filled with contaminated water. 
Exhaustion flooded the old man’s face, despite regaining its vitalityjust a while ago. 
He breathed heavily as his eyes flashed with hatred. 
He looked much different than when he was conducting his meetings. He would always cause people to feel a chill whenever he looked at them. 
If the butler had a choice, he would not have chosen to send him his tea at such a time. But unfortunately. he did not have a choice. 
The sound of lightning was too loud. So, he had no choice but to come after hearing the old man call for 
him. 
“Sir, are you alright? The butler’s voice trembled slightly. 
The old man held his wrist so tightly that a red mark began to appear. However, the butler did not dare to cry out in pain, even though he felt like his wrist was about to be snapped into two. 
Chapter 941 Meeting Tyler 
272 
“Sir, there’s someone here who would like to meet you,” the butler reminded him. 
The old man’s creepy gaze flashed momentarily. No one could tell he had just been struck by lightning. 
The seal had been resealed, signaling that the sacrifice had broken the agreement. Hence, all of the earth’s energy he had been channeling immediately dispersed. 
The old man narrowed his eyes. His voice was slightly hoarse as he asked, “Who wants to see r me?” 
“It’s Mr. Miller, who came here without giving us a heads–up. I’ve already sent all the maids away,” the 
butler said with a pale expression. 
The old man looked around and said, “Let him in.” 
“Yes, sir.” The butler couldn’t help but sigh in relief. 
He was just about to take the teapot away when the old man spoke again. There was an uncomfortable 
eeriness within his tone. 
“Don’t 
you 
think things have been going too well for the Quinnells recently? What do you think?” 
The butler didn’t know how to answer his question. After all, the old man had always maintained a good relationship with the Quinnells in public. 
“Tell me your true feelings,” the old man said through half–closed eyes while he fiddled with the sandalwood beads around his wrist. 
He looked like a proper cultivator whenever he closed his eyes and stopped looking at someone. 
The butler answered truthfully, “The change within the Quinnell family is evident after they brought that daughter back. Sir, are you planning to cooperate with the Quinnells again?” 
The old man did not answer his question. Instead, he said, “Ask my grandson to come over. I have a job 
for him.” 
“Yes, sir,” the butler said before leaving through the door. 
A minute later, “Mr. Miller” slowly made his way into the old man’s study. 
It was none other than Declan’s butler, Tyler Shaw, 
“Sir.” Tyler treated the old man with utmost respect, using etiquette often used by Foplyans in the past. 
Spin to 
###chapter942
o Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Chapter 942 Rise 
The old man glanced at him and said solemnly, “Why was there a change with the seal?” 
Tyler also didn’t know what happened. He lowered his gaze and said, “All those rumors regarding the Lowes had just blown up out of the blue. 
“We tried to suppress the news, but it was futile. We also tried to investigate who was behind it, but everyone was clueless as to who the Lowes had offended. 
“They had only received the orders from the higher–ups. Not to mention, the entire situation was executed quickly with high confidentiality. 
“It’s almost as if someone was trying to purposely attack the Lowes, and they did not go through any of the usual protocols. 
‘I’m unable to contact any of the Lowes. It’s also inconvenient for me to continue trying as I’m scared someone would recognize us, 
“If that happens, all the hard work we spent building this plan throughout the years would go down the drain. Somebody has also mentioned it online. Hence, our actions are limited.” 
In order to lay out the perfect plan, they spent a lot of energy on planning and ensuring that nothing would 
go wrong. 
No one noticed anything for the past few years. But with the evolution of the internet, people began to notice things. 
Not to mention, they had underestimated the Cascadians, who were always the ones to notice when something went wrong. 
It had become a problem for them. 
With that thought in mind, Tyler couldn’t help but beg, “Sir, could you try and think of a way for us to hide 
our trail?” 
“Tyler, I’ve already told you a long time ago to never underestimate the Cascadians. You will only be able to build a strong foundation if you win the people’s hearts. 
“You should always think one step ahead if you want to succeed. You have been too anxious recently,” the old man said as his gaze darkened. 
Tyler knew he was referring to the issue with the saintess. So, he lowered his head and said, “Sir, I’m sure 
you know that our ancestors were the ones who brought the saintess to Cascadia, 
“We will only be able to awal 
bur generals sleeping under Cascadian land when the saintess awakens. Only then will they be able to return to us. 
*Everything had been going smoothly as you and the saintess have always coexisted. However, the situation with the chapel worries me.” 
Indeed, the old man was capable and knowledgeable. He said, “There’s no need to worry. An ordinary 
Chapter 942 Rise 
human, let alone the chapel, would not be able to get a water dragon to give up on his spiritual practice to become a fully–fledged dragon.” 
Tyler knelt on one knee and said, “Are you saying that the mediums are involved in this matter?” 
“Although Kaspar isn’t here, it doesn’t mean he did not have a backup plan.
” 
On the other side of the curtains, the old man seemed to be inhaling something. He only put down the teacup in his hand and got up after the time was up. 
He said, “The Quinnells have a medium on their side. I asked you last time about their fortune, but you 
told me there wasn’t anything out of the blue.” 
His eyes darkened as he continued, “Are there still things about that brat who was brought back to the Quinnells that you haven’t found yet? Perhaps her relationship with Kaspar?” 
“She did not have any interactions with the people at Mt. Dragon.” 
Tyler was sure that his information could not be wrong. But now that he thought about it, every situation. seemed to have something to do with her. 
But the Quinnells were not involved in the current situation. In the public’s eyes, only the victims and the perpetrators had been mentioned. There wasn’t any news about Wynter. 
Not to mention, Tyler could never seem to be able to contact the Lowes. That was why he wasn’t sure who managed to bring down the Lowes and the Thompsons. 
The other party had even brought down the Reeds, which was a family they had worked hard to nurture 
for their own use. 
and energy 
To destroy a nation, one must start with the nation’s youth. They had invested a lot of money and 
to choose a family that was suitable for their cause. 
The Reeds had been chosen after many years of research. Their job was to slowly affect Cascadia’s children and turn them into people who would harm society. 
That way, the whole of Cascadia’s society would be affected, too. 
When that happened, they would rise again and regain control of Cascadia, just like how they did 100 
years ago. 
Chapter 943 The Special Unit 
“That’s weird.” The old man
###chapter943
Chapter 943 The Special Unit 
“That’s weird.” The old man moved his fingers, seemingly counting something. His frown deepened, 
It was just like before! Whenever Wynter was the target in question, he would not be able to read her fortune. If she had some connections with Kaspar, he would have at least been able to foresee it. 
If he was successful, that would mean that she was nothing more than an apprentice. 
But he couldn’t foresee anything. So, who was the force behind her? And what did she have to hide that even he was not able to foresee? 
Even the fall of the Lowes family felt ominous. 
The other party’s method had been so subtle that they were barely noticeable. 
Not to mention, the Lowe family should have some connections within their family. They should at least have a small guarantee of safety. 
However, the Lowe family had crumbled within one night. There wasn’t even anything left to salvage. 
Hence, the old man couldn’t help but think of the task force he had interacted with before–the Special 
Unit. 
The Special Unit wasn’t under any government’s control. Yet, they were always able to find and destroy a spy’s hideout and their place of gathering. 
However, they mainly focused on tasks from overseas. 
Their tasks were often similar to destroying groups just like what had happened to the Lowe family. No one knew who did it, and perhaps there was evidence left. 
But if someone really spent the effort to investigate the matter, anyone who had any evidence would 
seem to experience something akin to memory loss. 
Back then, someone had spent a lot of money to investigate their task force, 
But the only thing they were able to find was that the Special Unit may be somehow related to the army. 
As for where they came from, who they were, and how old they were–these questions remained 
unanswered. 
If someone really planned on infiltrating Cascadia, they would have to find that task force first. 
The old man had not cared about such things before. He was a Cascadian himself. His only goal was to gain immortality. That was the only reason why he was learning ascending skills. 
Hence, a task force like the Special Unit would not have anything to do with him. But things were different 
now. 
The old man let go of his bracelet and said, “You have interacted with someone from the Special Unit before. Do you think Ms. Quinnell is somewhat related to the Special Unit?” 
Chapter 943 the spec al Unit 
Tyler’s 
expression immediately changed when he heard the old man mention the Special Unit. A lot of the people he had nurtured all failed because of the Special Unit. 
However, that task force did not belong to any division within the government. They come and go as if they were shadows in the dark, and they only specialized in dealing with special tasks. 
All of their tasks were always completed flawlessly. Hence, no one had been able to gain the upper hand 
over them. 
That was why Tyler always kept his identity a secret and chose to work as Declan’s butler. 
On one hand, it made gaining information about the Quinnells easier for him. But more importantly, it was because the secretive Special Unit was too sharp. 
But did that young woman from the Quinnell family have something to do with the Special Unit? 
Tyler was confident as he said, “That’s impossible. She managed to keep some secrets about herself, like the fact that she’s smart and has the skills of a doctor and knowledge on design. 
“But someone in the Special Unit would not maintain such a high profile in public. Each and every one of them has hidden their identities well. 
“For example, there isn’t any information about L, the hacker, in the alliance. He rarely shows himself. But 
when he does…” 
Tyler suddenly frowned as he said, “It seems like the Reeds‘ fall from grace has something to do with L.” After hearing the old man’s suggestions, Tyler’s thoughts became much clearer. “But why does he want the public to criticize the Lowe family? That isn’t something he would do.” 
“It might not be what he would do, but it doesn’t mean that someone in the Special Unit would not want 
that.” 
The old man narrowed his eyes and made his way toward him. When he inched closer, Tyler could detect the unconcealable smell of blood and medicine on the old man. 
“It seems that it’s about time I meet Ms. Quinnell myself. I want to see how much she is truly hiding. After all, she has been in my way for quite some time now.” 
###chapter944
Chapter 944 Gabby 
Suddenly, a loud bang echoed throughout the room. It sounded like something had just dropped to the 
ground. 
A small shadow began to move behind the curtains, creaking as it moved. 
“Not only has she hindered your way, but she has also hindered mine. How did she manage to return?” 
It sounded like a young girl speaking, but the voice did not sound human. Instead, it sounded like those 
dolls sold on the market. 
Behind the curtains, the shadow’s long hair seemed to grow wildly while the atmosphere inside the villa 
became creepy. 
The butler who had been waiting outside began to tremble. 
However, Tyler was bursting with excitement, his tone full of respect. “Lord Gabby! Are you healed now?” 
“Healed? Do I look like I’m healed?” The doll chuckled coldly. 
The shadow began to move as the lights began to shake. 
“We have already foreseen that she would affect me many years ago. With her in the picture, we will never be able to successfully take control of the Quinnells. How could you let them find her and take her back?” 
The loud sound echoed out once again. 
Tyler lowered his head and said, “It was due to our negligence. The Quinnells had been following our plan throughout the years, especially after the fortune teller read into their horoscope. 
“We never dared slack off regarding that matter. Shane has also been listening to us. We didn’t kill her back then because we realized she was a suitable vessel for you. 
“When we decided to bring her back and raise her as your vessel, they told us that she was already dead and could no longer hinder our plans. Only then were we assured. 
“Throughout the years, we have never found any evidence that suggested she was alive, so we assumed she was really dead. 
“Not to mention, the Quinnells kept Shane in the dark when they tried to look for her before. Hence, we weren’t able to gain much information about their search. 
“Those subordinates were pretentious and weren’t thorough with their search. I also never imagined that the couple from the mountains would have the audacity to lie to me.” 
Those cunning Cascadians had nearly ruined his plans just to earn some extra money! 
shes 
Even the saintess had questioned him personally! How was he supposed to show his loyalty now? 
Tyler took out a long knife and handed it over with both hands. “I failed. Please punish me, saintess.” 
The curtains were lifted without the help of the wind as a wooden doll stood there with its eyes closed. 
haple 944 Gabby 
Suddenly, the doll opened its eyes. It looked at Tyler and moved its mouth. “I won’t punish you this time. Back then, your ancestors came to Cascadia with me. You and I both know why we came here.” 
Tyler knelt and said, “I do. Saintess, I promise you that this won’t happen again! We are laying out a trap for the Quinnell family’s daughter, Soon, we will be able to see the results.” 
With that said, Tyler looked up and continued, “Forgive me for my ignorance. But sir, may I ask why your predicted that she would hinder our path before she was born, yet did not do a divine reading about her?” 
The old man’s expression immediately morphed into a terrifying expression. 
Tyler quickly explained, “I’m not questioning you, sir. I have witnessed your abilities myself. I just want to know some details about what happened back then to make things easier for us when planning our trap.” 
“I did not do a divine reading as I couldn’t predict her fortune.” The old man collected his gaze. 
He remembered that banquet dinner in the Quinnell residence many years ago. The Quinnells had claimed that good things would be happening within the Quinnell family after some time. 
Back then, the Quinnells did not make a public announcement about Marie’s pregnancy. But he had felt a 
strong sense of unease. 
He perceived his doom coming from the baby in Marie’s stomach. Hence, he had a feeling that the baby should not be born. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter945
Chapter 945 Birth Date and Horoscope 
Not only did the baby’s birth date and horoscope seem to be the complete opposite of his, but he had also dreamt of something that happened a long time ago on that day.. 
He also predicted he would live an awful life all because of that baby! 
The old man clenched his fists as his eyes flashed momentarily. “Perhaps I should have changed my way of thinking much sooner. I should have a proper look at the child who I couldn’t even get a reading on.” 
Gabby’s gaze was full of hostility as she said, “The Quinnell family has always been a hindrance for us. 
“They were a problem back then, just like how they are a problem for us right now. It’s about time you all 
deal with that girl.” 
The old man lowered his gaze and said, “You should also hide your aura and presence from time to time. We are in Cascadia. I don’t want the chapel incident to be repeated. 
“I’ve told you that you cannot challenge the Cascadians when you are in Cascadia,” 
I 
Gabby smiled and said, “We’ve known each other for so many years. I think you understand how I like to 
I do things. 
“I hate it when people try to hinder my resurrection, just like how you hate it when people affect your ascension. Our goals align.” 
Gabby’s gaze darkened as she continued
, “The chapel incident happened because the Quinnells weren’t minding their own business. 
“It seems like the man you’ve planted within the Quinnells is not reliable at all. How could he have not realized when something was happening at the Quinnells‘ memorial hall?” 
The old man was nonchalant as he said, “We can always change our spy if he’s unreliable. But right now, 
we’re talking about you. 
“You should learn to control those bad habits of yours. You scared my grandson last time. My butler spent 
a lot of effort trying to explain the situation. 
“Although the entertainment circle is a good place to garner resentment, it’s also easily noticeable. The Incident will become a public matter if they find anything weird since you placed your hair there.. 
“You should grasp the situation properly. You could be careless back then, but now, the people of Mt. 
Dragon are coming out. What do you think would happen if Kaspar saw you? 
“He currently has the highest qualifications to become the grand master.” 
Gabby’s 
gaze darkened, and she smiled sinisterly. “You and I both know how many years have passed since Cascadia has produced a grand master. 
“Even you are unable to use fortune to ascend, let alone anybody else. If I really meet Kaspar, I’ll bring him 
here to assist your ascension.” 
Chapter 945 Birth Date and Horoscope 
22 
A loud sound echoed throughout the room as the wooden doll instantly appeared before the old man. 
“Since you mentioned your grandson, I heard that the guy from the Yarwood family has heavenly luck. He has always been your top choice for a vessel. 
“However, he’s a tough nut to crack. Even the water dragon couldn’t harm him. I know you want to take control of his body before his luck runs out. 
“But you always feel uncomfortable whenever you approach him. The youngest of the Quinnell brothers was also a good choice, and you also tried to take him, too. 
“But after testing around, don’t you think that those who are related to you by blood would be the best 
option?” 
The old man did not refute her words. 
The butler, who was standing behind the door, started trembling even more. His employer was thinking of 
The butler didn’t dare to continue thinking about what the old man might do. He had been by the old man’s side for so many years and would always keep a tight lid on anything he overheard. 
But this time, he felt fearful. He stood there and did not dare to move, nor did he dare to make a sound. 
Inside the room, Gabby’s long hair swept across the floor. “I realized after receiving your worship for so many years that I know you better than you know yourself. 
I 
“I know what you’re planning. But after meeting that man from the Yarwood family, I’m filled with a sense 
of unease. 
“My 
ly soul isn’t complete, so I still need more resentment energy before my true form and power can be awakened.” 
###chapter946
Chapter 946 The Yarwoods 
“But he does look familiar.” 
It was Gabby’s first time experiencing such a feeling. He gave off an air of superiority, like she was 
nothing more but an ant in his eyes, causing Gabby to feel provoked. 
She was one of the gods of Foplyan. Who did he think he was? 
“I do, however, think that you should find an opportunity to bring me to meet that man from the Yarwood family.” 
Gabby met the old man’s gaze and continued, “If we were to talk about facts, the Yarwood family is one of Cascadia’s real protectors 
“It’s just that too much time has passed, and they have started their family business more than 100 years ago. Hence, we tend to subconsciously forget their importance when they are the ones who are able to help us.” 
The old man turned to Gabby and said, “I’ll go and take a look. However, what about those tasks that I assigned to you? Why are you procrastinating on carrying out those tasks?” 
in tell you s 
Tyler took a step forward and said, “Sir, I came here today good news. We’ve found the 
Savior’s scent. Soon, we’ll be able to offer them as a sacrificial offering to you. Don’t worry.” 
“That’s good. Before you bring them here, make sure that you’ve confirmed their identity.” The old man finally showed a satisfied expression. 
He added, “I’ve also shown you some of the totems. Remember, you should invite the Savior here. Don’t 
be too rough.” 
Tyler nodded. “Yes, sir! Also, there’s something I would like to bring to your attention. 
“Declan is getting too many thoughts recently and is getting harder to control. I think it’s about time we switch him out for someone else. I’m worried he’ll expose your identity to the public.” 
Tyler’s fists clenched as he continued, “He’s also much harder to trick than Shane. I think he’s also managed to vaguely guess your identity. He keeps saying he wants to meet you. You-” 
“I’ll meet him. How will he willingly become our scapegoat if I don’t meet him? You can make the arrangements. However, my main target is still the Savior. He’ll be useful to the saintess.” 
Gabby also knew that there were a number of strong mythical beasts and spirits who were able to restore her strength here in Cascadia. 
The old man had told her that she might be able to come back to life if they managed to get the Savior on their side. That way, she wouldn’t need to live in the darkness anymore. 
She was a god. She should be living under the people’s praises and worship. 
“Listen to the medium’s words, and be quick with it.” Gabby closed her eyes. But before Tyler could 
answer her, she bit his wrist. 
Tyler’s expression paled, but there was a crazy look in his eyes. “It is my honor to work for the saintess. I’ll go and do my job now 
“We’ve also managed to find you a new body. So, on the day of your revival, you will be able to change your face.” 
Gabby’s smile looked somewhat human as she said, “I am indeed unsatisfied with my current body. 
Perhaps it’s due to the mixed Cascadian blood mixed within me now, but I feel like I’ve lost my sense of 
nobility. 
“But you don’t need to find me a new vessel. I’ve met that girl from the Quinnell family who keeps 
messing with our plans. 
“I have a way to obtain her body as a vessel after the Savior is made a sacrificial offering. 
Gabby seemed to have thought of something as she added, “I like her face very much.” 
Tyler met Gabby’s gaze and said, “Alright, Lord Gabby.” 
Worshippers always acted crazy since the beginning of time. 
The old man watched them and put on his bracelet. “There’s probably a result regarding the clinic now. You can also ask that Wynter girl to come over. I think she’s very interesting. 
ea 
“I want to know if she really has the qualifications to become a grand master or if there’s something else 
to her. 
“No matter what, I’ll be able to tell the type of person she is as well as her potential. I believe she’ll be a great help to our plans.” 
###chapter947
Chapter 947 Wolf Is Awake 
With that said, the clouds outside the window began to gather as the bright sky immediately darkened 
The people walking around the streets began to quicken their pace, trying to find shelter before it could rain. 
The only exception was a black motorbike that was seemingly cutting through the fog. It headed straight to the center of the fog. 
Wynter seemed to have sensed Wolf’s presence and stopped beside a café. There was a grassy field and food trucks around the plaza. It was colorful and beautiful. 
However, the beauty wasn’t enough to hide the underlying stench of blood surrounding the place. There was something very different about the blood stench compared to the ones she would often smell. 
No ordinary human’s blood would cause countless spirits to gather around. 
The stench of blood was also mixed with Wolf’s scent. 
It was Wynter’s first time witnessing Chaos‘ aura being exposed in public after so many years. 
Wynter rarely worried about things, but this time was an exception as she quickly pulled out the black chain from around her waist. 
In other people’s eyes, the chain looked just like a thin belt and was nothing more but an accessory. But in truth, there was an Epoch Collection attached to one end of the chain.. 
The material of the Epoch Collection was also rare and reflected softly in the light. It looked like a droplet 
of water. 
Other people weren’t able to see the spirits gathered around the plaza. But those spirits also seemed to be acting out of the ordinary as they rushed forward in a hurry. 
“Hurry up! Why is this bitch so slow? We won’t be able to gain anything if you continue to dilly–dally around 
here.” 
“Why are you in such a hurry? The Savior’s energy here is so strong. What can weak spirits like us gain? Wait for me, and help me check if my head is crooked again.” 
The angry old couple seemed to have died from a car accident as their heads were facing the wrong way. 
However, Wynter’s gaze darkened after hearing their words. 
The Savior’s energy? 
Wynter seemed to have realized something as she tossed her lucky coin. 
The twins immediately appeared, “Master, do you have any orders for us?” 
Leo was still with Haddon. Otherwise, he would have been much more useful for the situation as he was 
much more sensitive to such things. 
Chapte: 947 Woll is Awake 
2/2 
“Control the spirits around this place. 
If a spirit managed to come into contact with the Savior’s energy, it would be protected by the heavens. 
Some certain spirits with good souls would be easier to control. But those malevolent spirits would become a big problem in hell. 
Wouldn’t that be a disaster if that happened? 
Two slender figures, one in a black suit while the other in a white one, were experiencing a major headache. One held a tablet in his hands, which showed them where all of the spirits were through a 
glowing point. 
If it weren’t for the abnormality, they wouldn’t have come down from the heavens. 
An old woman even came and asked them if they were property agents. 
Grim’s 
expression was dark as he said, “Didn’t I tell you to ask the overlord to spend some money to upgrade the system? Look at the system now. What are we supposed to do?” 
“Do you think someone would dare to upgrade our system just because we paid them to?” Vesper was also in a bad mood as he looked around him. 
They didn’t understand why so many things seemed to be going wrong lately. Why were so many strange things happening in this world? 
Their lord had thrown a big temper after that incident with the heroic spirits in the chapel and had also deducted 100 years of their salary from their payroll. 
The lord blamed them for not being able to sense such a large issue and even suspected them of being 
traitors. 
Vesper felt wronged. “We must find the person behind this. We will drag their soul down to hell to meet our lord, even if it is someone from Mt. Dragon!” 
Vesper had just finished his sentence when he saw Wynter. Grim paused momentarily, too, before his hands tightened around the tablet. 
Wynter noticed them and said, “I’m in a rush today, so don’t get in my way.” 
###chapter948
Chapter 948 Will Not Let Him Get Caught 
Before Grim could come to his senses, he watched Wyhter wave her hands and cast a barrier around her. 
Although they were the underworld’s guards, they were still spirits. Whenever they met someone stronger than them, they would not be able to break the other party’s formation no matter how hard they tried. 
But they never thought that they would meet someone who could cast such a strong formation. 
Grim and Vesper already felt that she was slightly strange when they met her last time. Who was she, and what type of energy was she cultivating? 
Why was she stronger than Kasper when she was angry? 
A bunch of spirits were blocked outside of the plaza, including those malevolent spirits who wanted to use this opportunity to wreak havoc around them. 
But under such circumstances, the spirits weren’t able to cross the barriers despite Grim’s and Vesper’s 
confusion. 
However, it was a good thing that such a barrier was in place. It meant that Wynter did their job for them. 
However, Vesper was still slightly worried. “Should we report this to the lord? Is it really alright if we let her go alone?” 
“Even if we had a problem with letting her go in alone, are you able to barge through the barrier?” Grim 
asked as he tried to get in. 
The old woman who had just walked around the place turned to look at him and shook his head. “It seems that being a property agent is quite tough. 
“Those young men are already throwing their fists into the air. They must be under a lot of stress and are starting to become delusional. 
“Hey, come and tell me what properties you have. I can take a look.” 
Grim was speechless. He refused to stay a second longer and started leaving. 
“Ma’am, we aren’t property agents.” Vesper tried to explain as he pushed the malevolent spirit behind the old lady to the ground. 
“Look, it’s about to rain soon. Why don’t you head over there for a walk? You can take shelter there in case 
it rains.” 
It was hard for them to do anything with so many living beings around them. Not only was the Savior’s energy here, but there was also an ancient beast’s aura. 
Vesper could only hope that his senses were malfunctioning. 
If an Ancient Beast was within the vicinity, they must remove it from the area before it returned to its senses. Otherwise, both spirits and living beings would be affected. 
Chapter 948 Will Not Let Him Get Cought 
The Ancient Beast’s appearance here felt ominous as well! 
Meanwhile, the further Wynter headed into the plaza, the stronger the stench of blood became. Wynter was sure that Wolf was inside. He was probably on the lower grounds of the plaza. 
Other than Wolf, there was also another aura, which seemed to be coming from a being that Wynter hated. 
It was a being who gained energy through human emotions like resentment, sorrow, and envy. Hence, humans would tend to feel uncomfortable whenever they were close to such a being. 
Wynter’s eyes turned red as she thought about how uncomfortable Wolf must be feeling right now. 
The first time she saw Wolf was when her grandma found him in the trash. His clothes had been torn, and he looked like he had just lost a fight. His face and arms were littered with injuries. 
He looked at her with big eyes. 
The children around them criticized and bullied Wolf due to his inability to talk, but he was not annoyed. He seemed like he wasn’t able to understand a thing they were saying as he sat by the tree behind the 
courtyard. 
Back then, one of her neighbors, Ruth, even said, “Wynter, I think that child your grandma brought back is autistic. I heard that autistic children tend to act like that. 
“They are never able to understand what you say to them. They won’t give any reactions, either. It’ll be hard to raise an autistic child.” 
However, Wynter did not take their words to heart. 
One time, she was out traveling and came home injured. Wolf had been furious as he pushed away everyone who came to make a scene, wanting to protect her. 
Wynter knew Wolf just needed to learn. She also knew that he must have been bullied before he was found in the pile of trash. 
Wolf was able to stay in the gardens for a whole day as long as he bad food and water to drink. 
“He’s not a tough kid to raise.” That was her answer to Ruth back then. 
She still felt the same way. Even if Wolf turned into Chaos or the heavens wanted to take him back, she would do everything she could to protect Wolf! 
###chapter949
Chapter 949 Becoming Human 
Wolf could no longer stand the stench of blood and threw his black bag on the ground. Then, he jumped up on the wall and broke the branches beside it. 
His actions were no longer human as he stared into the distance. His whole body was shrouded in a black fog, and his cute face looked slightly distorted. 
He lowered his head to sniff something, and his consciousness seemed to be fading. 
He remembered that Wynter had told him to behave like a human and converse with Ruth. She had also told him to stop scaring Margaret’s fish, or he would have to compensate for it. 
During his first bath, Wynter stayed outside. There were rubber ducks and bubbles in the bath. Margaret also made a piece of cake for him after explaining to him it was his birthday. 
He could recall all those memories and knew he should not be acting like how he was acting now, but he could not control it. 
Wolf’s eyes darkened completely after smelling something nice. He jumped forward and squished a malevolent spirit with his palms as his gaze was focused up ahead. 
There were two men dressed in black within the plaza. 
The men were forced into a corner by Wolf as they exchanged glances. They felt a strong sense of fear that they had never felt before. 
Their lord never told them that Chaos was still living in this realm! 
They thought they were here for the Savior. They had planned to take advantage of the Savior before he could wake up and use him as nourishment for the medium. 
That was the perfect plan. Once they managed to get Cascadia’s Savior, they would be able to obtain the earth’s energy easily. 
Back then, they were always confused as to why Cascadia always seemed to emerge safely out of any danger or threats. Their mediums were also much more powerful than others. 
They were even able to avoid certain natural disasters and plagues. 
But after they met the medium, they learned that the Savior was living on Cascadia land. 
Savior symbolization was self–explanatory. He was on this land to grant them protection and abundance of fortune. 
The book, “The Odyssey“, had a detailed explanation of the Savior and their significance. They had educated themselves on Cascadian culture just for that moment! 
They had also spent three years looking for the Savior and always seemed to miss them every time. But now, they had finally managed to find the Savior in their true form. 
Just when they thought they were about to succeed, they ran into Chaos! Looking at the information 
within the book about Chaos was enough to make them tremble. 
Although Wolf had yet to transform into his true form, his face and claws were enough to symbolize hist 
traits. 
If a cultivator was present, they would definitely do everything they could to end Chaos. After all, no one wanted Chaos to be reawakened into his true form. 
“According to the legends, Chaos likes to eat mythical creatures. Do you think he’s here because 
Wolf had never been one to stand for nonsense. He waved his claws, and the wall immediately crumbled. 
One of the men in black nearly died. He had managed to escape because of a technique he knew. But his legs were bleeding, and his gaze was filled with hatred. 
“Lead him to the west side of the plaza. There’s a medium from Mt. Dragon there!” 
They were planning on using that medium to take care of Chaos as it was inconvenient for them to reveal 
themselves on Cascadia land. 
If someone realized that they were trying to hunt down the Savior, they would definitely be banned from this year’s Formation Conference. 
They were in charge of staying behind and taking care of loose ends, anyway. Since the Savior was still around, the other team must have gone to continue the hunt. 
Now, the most important thing was for them to escape. The people from Mt. Dragon had probably sensed that something had happened after the large ruckus. 
If that was the case, they might as well allow Chaos to take the blame for it! 
“We’ll let them take care of Chaos!” 
They wanted nothing more than to see the Cascadians kill each other off. 
However, they were indeed shocked to see the Ancient Beast’s true form. They never thought the powerful Chaos would be a mute boy. 
Not to mention, Chaos did not seem like he had recovered fully yet. They must return and tell the medium 
– about it! 
###chapter950
Chapter 950 Dalton Yarwood 
The two men exchanged glances and splashed the Savior’s blood that they had collected beforehand toward Chaos. 
That was the best way to anger Chaos as he was a violent and bloodthirsty being. 
By the time Chaos transformed completely into a beast, the people from Mt. Dragon should have arrived. 
Not only would they be able to safely and quietly take the Savior away, but they would also be able to get rid of several cultivators from Mt. Dragon. 
As for Chaos, the angrier he was, the better. The best scenario would be having Chaos destroy all of Cascadia’s fortune. 
Wolf was also agitated, forgetting everything Wynter had taught him. 
He forgot that Wynter had told him that the biggest difference between a human and a beast was that humans would not eat things they were not supposed to. 
She had also told him that he was a human and had to walk properly and behave when necessary. 
But all those teachings and memories had vanished from his mind. Right now, his hunger was the only thing on his mind. 
He wanted to eat until his stomach was full! 
Wolf raised his head toward the sky and howled loudly. The colors of his eyes and legs were beginning to change. 
The cultivators in robes immediately paused, looking ahead with swords in their hands. 
They had been nearby when they sensed the abnormality within the atmosphere. But when they arrived, they could not find their target. 
The fog was billowing, causing all of the spirits to rejoice. Hence, the mediums were sure that there was a monster out there! 
“Head to the west!” 
There was a loud sound, causing all of the cultivators to turn their heads. 
“Something’s not right. Who was the one who did the formation?” 
Normally, Mt. Dragon’s cultivators and mediums would often keep to themselves. They had come out of the mountain because of the conference. 
But how could there be someone out there who knew how to create a formation? 
“Let’s not mull over that first. We should focus on saving the people. Remember, we need to capture those monsters alive. 
“Don’t let the people living here sense anything amiss,” one of the mediums said with a frown. He was 
Chapter 950 Dahon Varwood 
holding a small dagger in his hand. 
Abnormalities happened often. When a barrier was present, people would often assume that certain abnormalities were just earthquakes, or they would just be regarded as accidents. 
The mediums there could sense the stark difference between the two sides of the plaza. 
2/2 
There were still young people holding their coffees while waiting for the thunder to calm on one end of the plaza. 
But on the other end, the plaza’s walls were beginning to shake. 
Watching Chaos slowly lose his rationality, the two men planned to escape using one of their techniques when they realized that their formation wasn’t working. 
At that moment, a slender figure began to slowly make his way toward them. 
The man was holding a black umbrella in one hand, which was slender and slightly pale. 
The two men immediately felt nervous as they knew that a normal human would not appear before them during such a situation. 
The atmosphere began to turn cold as the man made his way toward them. He was dressed in a dark and fitted suit that looked expensive. 
The man before them was obviously an aristocrat, but there was a crow with red eyes on the man’s 
shoulders. 
The crow’s feathers shone brightly, and it was obvious that the crow was no ordinary crow. 
At first, the two men had assumed that he was one of the underworld’s guards, but that was not the case. The man before them was a human being! He was a real and unpredictable living being. 
Before they could see him, they already felt his strong and demanding presence. 
The two men were getting ready for a fight after sensing he was a foe. 
Just then, Dalton raised his hand, and the rain began to feel like swords stabbing through them. 
The two men couldn’t even come to their senses as they just stared at Dalton with wide eyes. 
The black fog around them did not seem to affect him. At that moment, those malevolent spirits seemed to fade into the background as he stood there unmoving. 
###chapter951
Chapter 951 They Used to Know Each Other 
The crow began to caw as he took off from Dalton’s shoulder. 
“You Foplyan mediums sure are evil. How dare you even think of using Chaos as your scapegoat? There’s no point in keeping you two alive.” 
The crow’s eyes darkened as he cawed once more. he had been an auspicious beast since ancient times. His feathers were known for their darkness. 
He also had a skill that he had been equipped with since birth–predicting people’s time of death accurately. 
But he didn’t need to predict anything this time as he had decided to take matters into his own hands. The men in black couldn’t even figure out who Dalton was when they suddenly could not breathe. 
To think they had even planned to tell the medium about everything they witnessed that day. It was absurd for them to think they could leave the plaza alive. 
As they took their last breaths, they saw Dalton walk toward Chaos and place his hands on Chaos‘ head. 
Then, they lost consciousness. 
Amid the black fog, Dalton looked at Chaos and said, “How is she suppos continue to act like this?” 
to take care of you if you 
Wolf was beginning to morph into Chaos, and he opened his mouth to bite Dalton. 
Dalton held him up with one hand and met his gaze. Then, his eyes began to change colors. 
Wolf’s head tilted to one side before his body softened and fell to the floor. His claws began to shrink back, but his sharp teeth and tail remained. 
It was obvious he shouldn’t be seen in such a state. 
The crow went up to Wolf with reverence and said, “Sir, do you want me to take care of those mediums from Mt. Dragon as well?” 
“There’s no need for that. Leave those two Foplyans for them.” 
Dalton looked at Wolf, who was already in deep slumber, and said, “Take him back to the mansion.” 
The crow was immediately filled with excitement at the prospect of returning home. 
“Yes, lord!” 
It had been so long since he returned home! 
On the other hand, Dalton wasn’t so excited about returning there.. 
However, a certain someone would probably not want to see Wolf in such a state. To Wynter, Wolf was her chosen family, but Chaos was not. 
Chapte: 951 They Used to Know Each Other 
Dalton didn’t want to force her to make such a choice. So, he decided to bring Wolf back to the mansion. He might be able to return Wolf to Wynter after some proper education. 
Although the situation was slightly complicated as Wolf had blood all over him, it was still salvageable.. 
“Lord, will something happen to Chaos since he is in such a state now?” 
Back when they worked together, they would not let themselves get hurt. Because once a beast bled, Their blood would attract their enemies‘ attention. 
Since Chaos had the Savior’s blood on him, Chaos would enter a hostile and ferocious state. He could 
easily become a beast that had the potential to ruin the world with how irrational he currently was. 
The crow had spent a long time with Chaos. Those terms like “Ancient Beasts” or “Mythical Beasts” were 
nothing but labels the humans had given them. 
Chaos‘ birth came with an ominous foretelling, but that wasn’t something Chaos could have decided for 
himself. 
Why should a prophecy have the right to decide if Chaos was good or evil? 
Dalton could sense the crow’s dissatisfaction with the heavens. He lowered his voice and coughed hoarsely. “Nothing will happen. I still need to return him to my fiancé.” 
“Lord, there’s something I would like to ask. Is she the human soul you met in this world when you first lost your spiritual form?” The crow’s courage had grown after doing quite a number of tasks. 
Dalton was quiet. His hand remained on Wolf’s forehead until a seal–like mark appeared. Then, he glanced at the crow with an eerie and creepy gaze. 
The crow felt scared and hurriedly explained himself, “I just think that she’s changed a lot, but she’s still a loyal soul. She’s also much more caring toward you than she was before!” 
“Oh? Do you think she cares about me?” Dalton asked with a raised eyebrow. His gaze was no longer as 
cold as before. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter952
Chapter 952 In Love With You 
The crow felt like his flattery was working, so he quickly added, “She truly cares about you as she even gave you her faith. She must be so in love with you to be able to give you such an important thing.” 
Dalton’s gaze flickered. “Is that true?” 
“Of course! Lord, think about it. The power of faith is an invaluable thing for cultivators. Back then, when she was cultivating, she needed the power of faith. That was why she- 
The crow suddenly paused mid–sentence. 
How could he be so careless? How could he say such an insensitive thing? 
The crow tensed. He did not look anything like an ancient beast. Instead, he looked very much like the fried chicken they would usually eat. 
Dalton’s expression remained unchanged. He waved his hand and covered their presence from their surroundings. 
That way, the cultivators would not know what happened even if they were to arrive. His aura was able to conceal and suppress Chaos‘ hostile one. 
Just as the crow was about to sigh in relief, he realized that he wasn’t able to move one of his wings. 
One can imagine how hilarious a bird would be if it tried to fly with just one wing! 
More importantly, he still had to carry Chaos with him. 
The crow gulped. He was terrified they would both fall to their deaths, so he said cautiously, “Lord, I’m afraid I’ll just delay your travels since I am in such a state.” 
Dalton looked at him as the black fog around them began to move. 
The crow was terrified of speaking and could only lower his head to carry Chaos. 
As for the Savior, Dalton had probably predicted that Wynter was currently heading toward them. 
The crow felt like Dalton’s way of gift–giving was slightly unique. Other men would use flowers and jewelry as gifts. However, Dalton liked to give Wynter Ancient Beasts. 
ing trou 
But Crow felt like Dalton didn’t act like he was pursuing Wynter. It felt more like he was causing trouble for Wynter. 
He could understand it if Dalton gave her the Savior or beasts like him. But there was no need for Dalton 
to heal Chaos and send him back to her. 
That brat could swallow mountains whenever he worked up an appetite. More importantly, Chaos was a picky eater. He usually only ate root herbs and truffles. 
Wynter must have spent a lot of money to raise and feed him. 
But the crow didn’t dare to overstep. He could only keep his thoughts to himself and fly away. Only the 
Chapter 952 In Love With You 
two men in black were left on the ground. 
By the time Mt. Dragon’s mediums arrived, their astrolabe was beginning to malfunction as it indicated that the area had a particularly clean energy. 
“That’s weird. The astrolabe indicated that this was a hotspot only moments ago.” 
The mediums looked at the talisman on the ground and fell into confusion. Why did the Ancient Beast’s aura disappear without a trace? 
“There’s someone there!” 
Another middle–aged medium went forward and took off one of the men’s masks. 
“I–Is he from Foplya?” 
Usually, the mediums from Foplya were easily recognized. They were well known for their Escapism Art. 
They also would not dress up like this usually. Ordinary people would not recognize them as they walked on the streets of their city. 
A mark would only appear on their face after they used their mystic arts. 
Their mystic arts and techniques were similar to the ones they used in Cascadia. For example, they also used astrology, mind control, tracking techniques, talismans, curses, mystic arts, and many others. 
All of the mediums had performed and showcased their skills in the Formation Conference. Hence, they were sure they did not recognize the two men on the ground. 
They would have surely met and interacted with every cultivator that had attended the conference. However, they had never seen these two men before. 
That meant that there were indeed cultivators from Foplya and that they had entered Cascadia through illegal means! 
###chapter953
Chapter 953 Taking Action 
They had to make a report after making such a discovery. They also needed to make preparations for the appearance of an Ancient Beast. 
It was rainy in Kingbourne recently. 
They had gone to the South–West corner to take a look. The chains were broken, but the seal was still 
there. 
The creepiest thing was that the water dragon didn’t seem to have any intentions of leaving that place. 
Before Kaspar returned to the mountains, he had told them he would head out to retrieve a certain thing 
before returning to Kingbourne. 
Within that period, they were supposed to look after the seal outside of Kingbourne. Once something was amiss, they should contact him immediately 
So, they informed Kaspar about the South–West corner’s situation. 
Throughout the years, multiple seals throughout Kingbourne seemed to be weakening, though that was expected 
But it was the first time that problem occurred to a seal so close to Kingbourne. 
Now, they couldn’t help but feel like something was brewing after sensing an ancient beast’s aura and seeing cultivators from Foplya. 
Why w 
were these cultivators from Foplya here? Under what circumstances were they forced to use their mystic arts and risk being exposed in the plaza? Who was behind their arrival? 
They weren’t able to make any conclusions as there wasn’t any evidence left behind at the scene. 
Before the mediums left, they found a black feather on one of the men’s clothes. 
“This looks like a crow’s feather.” 
“Are there crows in the city?” 
Due to environmental and ecological reasons, there weren’t many birds left in the city, let alone crows. At most, one would be able to see some sparrows flying about. 
Hence, it was a bit weird that a crow had appeared in the plaza. 
“Do you think it’s because someone has died?” a new cultivator asked. 
A slightly older cultivator was exasperated by the question and said, “I’ve already told you to start reading more books. Why do you refuse to do so? 
“I’ve told you this multiple times, but crows are not a symbol of bad luck! Bring these two bodies back and hand them over to the Special Unit.” 
The two bodies‘ appearance within the plaza might easily cause panic and turmoil. 
Under such circumstances, ordinary officers wouldn’t be able to do much. Letting the Special Unit do their thing was the best choice right now. 
“We’ll need to repair the building.” 
“But why do I feel like there’s another very familiar presence in the area? It’s quite faint, and it seems to be coming from the south…” 
Wynter was currently at the south side of the underground plaza. 
She was sure that Wolf had been here because his favorite glass balls were on the ground. More importantly, the stench of blood was strongest here. 
Wynter held a whip in her hands with a heavy look in her eyes. The further she walked, the more blood there was. 
But up until now, none of the blood belonged to Wolf. Otherwise, Wynter would have definitely flown into a rage and torn the entire place apart. 
Other than that, there seemed to be someone there as well. 
Wynter could immediately sense a weird movement the second she entered the underground area. 
It was evident that she was the other party’s target! 
The two men who were tasked with attracting Wolf’s attention were actually the two weakest cultivators among the Foplyan cultivators sent to Cascadia. 
The real person tasked with hunting the Savior was one of the mediums who had joined the Formation. Conference. 
Their team consisted of covert and overt operatives. 
Other than meeting the medium whom they had been working with for decades, they planned to come here to capture the Savior. 
However, the sudden formation of a barrier interrupted their plan and forced them to show themselves. 
One of the leading Foplyan mediums, Fred Pittman, had already sensed Wynter’s presence when she first appeared. 
At first, Fred thought that she was one of Mt. Dragon’s newest recruits. Hence, he had been planning to avoid her. 
But after observing Wynter, he believed there was no need for that. Wynter seemed to be just a passerby who had accidentally stumbled across their hunting grounds. 
They could either ignore her or knock her out. 
Fred turned to both his sides and gave a signal. Suddenly, four dark figures appeared from all directions and headed straight to Wynter.
###chapter954
Chapter 954 An Attempt at an Ambush 
They thought Wynter would not be able to sense anything and would fall for their trap. That way, they would be able to save themselves a lot of trouble. 
But before they could apprehend Wynter, they heard a loud sound. 
The second the whip touched the ground, an invisible force suddenly came straight at them. 
The dark figures flew at least a mile away before crashing onto the ground. The sounds of them falling echoed throughout the place. 
Every one of them suffered a blow from the whip and was thrown to the ground. They were in a lot of pain. 
It was evident that Wynter was not an average woman! She was not a passerby, either! They came to the 
realization too late. 
On the other hand, Wynter was quick while her actions were cool and handsome. 
She dodged a black figure and flicked the whip toward the middle area. 
The mediums were unable to react in time. By the time they realized they had to dodge, the whip had already flown through the air, landing straight on their faces. 
Under normal circumstances, they would not be required to show themselves. The Savior was right 
behind them. 
The Savior was exhausted after being chased across three streets. The mediums had also made the necessary preparations for a formation. 
But the woman before them, whom they had never met, had destroyed their formation with just the flick 
of a whip. 
Fred took a few steps back and used his hands to block the energy from the whip. He was trembling slightly despite managing to stay upright. 
Although he didn’t know who Wynter was, he had gone to Mt. Dragon numerous times. He had a fair understanding of the people there. 
As for the woman before him…. 
Fred collected his contemptuous gaze and smiled. “I wonder which faction you’re from. I’m from Mt. Dragon. We came here to catch the ancient beast. 
“If our goals align, why don’t we stop fighting and work together?” 
Normally, people would be willing to work together after hearing such words. After all, an ancient beast would likely cause extreme weather within the city. 
So, for the sake of maintaining the peace, mediums would always have to prioritize capturing beasts and malevolent spirits. 
hapter 954 An Attempt at sa Ambu 
That was what he had managed to conclude after staying in Cascadia for so many years. Not to mention, there was no obvious external mark on them to prove that they weren’t Cascadians. 
Furthermore, they were wearing the robes of Mt. Dragon’s people. He believed Wynter would not suspect. the authenticity of his words. 
However, he was unlucky to have Wynter as his opponent. 
Things would have been salvageable if he had not mentioned that they were here to capture the ancient beast. But the second he said that, Wynter’s gaze turned cold. 
“Are you all trying to capture an Ancient Beast?” 
Fred thought that Wynter had believed him, so he said, “That’s right. We had put in a lot of effort to lure him here. Finally- 
Before he could finish his sentence, Wynter raised her whip and aimed it at Fred. 
He was caught off guard, and a streak of blood began to pour from his mouth. He took a few steps back and placed his hands on his stomach. 
It was the first time he had encountered someone daring enough to attack a medium from “Mt. Dragon” Did she not understand the hierarchy among mediums in Cascadia? 
“How dare you? Don’t blame me for not holding back now!” Fred dropped the act with his gaze filled with 
hostility. 
He was about to show her the power of his mystic arts. Suddenly, numerous talismans began to fly up in 
the air. 
Fred was trying to summon the godly powers, including the underworld guards and the Grim Reaper 
himself. 
But while those from the underworld indeed came out, they immediately retreated once they saw Wynter. 
They couldn’t win against her in a fight. They tried before and failed! 
Not to mention, Wynter was already suspecting them of betraying Cascadia. They didn’t even dare to think about what might happen to them if they were to lend Fred their strength! 
The talismans hovered in the air for some time, yet Fred could not summon anyone. He immediately 
frowned. 
Why was this happening? 
He couldn’t believe he had failed and planned to try one more time. This time, he would try to summon the spirits‘ power. 
###chapter955
Chapter 955 Spotting a Spy 
Wynter went ahead and kicked him out of the air. She stood straight with her feet on Fred’s wrist. Her voice was cold as she said, “You’re so noisy.” 
Wynter refused to waste any time when she had the chance to fight. She also rarely used talismans to summon creatures for help. 
She held onto his collar and looked into his eyes. “Where is that Ancient Beast you mentioned?” 
Ancient Beast? 
Fred froze. He never thought that Wynter would have believed his lies. But there was a beast behind them right now. 
Fred had also finally understood the power difference between them. 
He opened his mouth as blood dripped down and said, “He managed to run away. M–My people are still chasing after it. It headed to the east side of the plaza.” 
He had said that in hopes of luring Wynter away, but Wynter was never one to be easily fooled. 
“The east side?” Wynter raised an eyebrow and threw him to the ground. 
Wolfs distressing situation had fueled and ignited the unexplainable power within her. 
“What’s hiding behind there if the Ancient Beast is currently heading east?” 
A loud crack echoed out as Fred’s head was slammed against the concrete floor, which even started to crack. 
The black figures had tried to get closer to her, but they were all bounced back by an invisible force. 
Wynter’s voice was cold and impassive. “I’ll ask you once more–where is that Ancient Beast you mentioned?” 
“I d–don’t know.” 
Fred had never experienced such shame before. He had always been known as a respectable medium and was often held in high regard. He would have been able to easily defeat the mediums from Mt. Dragon. 
Who was this woman before him? Why were all his power and techniques rendered useless before her? 
Wynter looked at Fred’s pale face and narrowed her eyes. 
She stopped questioning him and threw him to the corner of the building. Then, her gaze landed on a dark 
corner. 
It was obvious that there was something there. It had been injured but was still breathing. The aura in the corner didn’t feel like Wolf’s. Instead, it felt like the Savior. 
Wynter turned to Fred once again and asked, “Did you claim that you were from Mt. Dragon?” 
Chapter 955 Spotting a Spy 
Wynter went ahead and kicked him out of the air. She stood straight with her feet on Fred’s wrist. Her voice was cold as she said, “You’re so noisy.” 
Wynter 
refused to waste any time when she had the chance to fight. She also rarely used talismans to summon creatures for help. 
She held onto his collar and looked into his eyes. “Where is that Ancient Beast you mentioned?” 
Ancient Beast? 
Fred froze. He never thought that Wynter would have believed his lies. But there was a beast behind them right now. 
Fred had also finally understood the power difference between them. 
He opened his mouth as blood dripped down and said, “He managed to run away. M–My people are still chasing after it. It headed to the east side of the plaza.” 
He had said that in hopes of luring Wynter away, but Wynter was never one to be easily fooled. 
“The east side?” Wynter raised an eyebrow and threw him to the ground. 
Wolf’s distressing situation had fueled and ignited the unexplainable power within her. 
“What’s hiding behind there if the Ancient Beast is currently heading east?” 
A loud crack echoed out as Fred’s head was slammed against the concrete floor, which even started to crack. 
The black figures had tried to get closer to her, but they were all bounced back by an invisible force. 
Wynter’s voice was cold and impassive. “I’ll ask you once more–where is that Ancient Beast your 
mentioned?” 
“I d–don’t know.” 
Fred had never experienced such shame before. He had always been known as a respectable medium and was often held in high regard. He would have been able to easily defeat the mediums from Mt. 
Dragon. 
Who was this woman before him? Why were all his power and techniques rendered useless before her? 
Wynter looked at Fred’s pale face/and narrowed her eyes. 
She stopped questioning him and threw him to the corner of the building. Then, her gaze landed on a dark 
comer. 
It was 
It 
obvious that there was something there. It had been injured but was still breathing. The aura in the corner didn’t feel like Wolf’s. Instead, it felt like the Savior. 
Wynter turned to Fred once again and asked, “Did you claim that you were from Mt. Dragon?” 
hapter 
Spotting & Spy 
Fred nodded weakly. 
Wynter looked at him and said, “Alcohol from the palace.” 
What? What alcohol? 
Fred was confused. He didn’t understand why she was suddenly talking about alcohol. 
“Do you 
not understand the catchphrase? It seems like you aren’t just pretending to be someone from Mt. Dragon. You’re even pretending to be Cascadian,” 
Fred immediately began to panic, not understanding how Wynter managed to come to such a conclusion. 
He had spent many years mimicking the Cascadian accent to make things easier for him. However, Wynter was able to see through his facade so easily! 
Fred tightened his fists as his eyes darkened. The woman before him should not be kept alive! 
There was a hidden needle in his sleeve. Just as he was about to raise his hand and attack her, Wynter 
twisted his arm. 
She said calmly, “Even after so many years, the people of your country only know how to use such backhanded trick 
With that said, Wynter had already guessed which country the man before her was from. However, she did not have the patience to waste any time on him because she was worried about Wolf. 
It was evident that Wolf’s animalistic side surfaced because he smelled the Savior’s blood when the Foplyan mediums were hunting it. That was why Wolf began to act weirdly. 
“Did you come to Cascadia just to hunt down the Savior? Who gave you the audacity to do such a thing?” 
JAct Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter956
Chapter 956 Working With the Malevolent Spirits 
With that said, Fred knew that the jig was up. He tried to move, wanting to send out a call for help.. 
However, Wynter didn’t even give him the chance to attack her. So, of course, he would not have the opportunity to call for backup. 
She had not beaten his face into a pulp because he would need to take a picture after he was detained. A spy like this must have his face at least recognizable in the photo. 
Fred thought that she had put down her defenses as Wynter was scrolling through her phone.. 
He was just about to send out the signal when Wynter Inserted a needle into one of his acupuncture points. 
Fred immediately fainted. The others wanted to run, so Wynter waved her hands and put down the barriers around the south end of the plaza. 
Suddenly, endless malevolent spirits appeared before them. Those men had nowhere to run. 
Who was this woman? Why did she practice such evil arts? Why were those malevolent spirits willingly listening to her? 
The Foplyan cultivators‘ eyes widened in shock, but they could not avoid the spirits. The second they tried 
to lift their legs, the spirits would pull them back down. 
It was almost as if they were mocking them for their techniques of escaping and prohibiting them from 
using their power. 
Although Wynter was also using someone else’s power, the effect was completely different. 
Avenging one’s country had been engraved into everyone’s DNA. It didn’t matter what they did in their past life, their wish to protect their country would always be there. 
Those malevolent spirits were unwilling to sit still after hearing Wynter claim that those men were spies 
from Foplya. 
They were willing to spend the little fortune they had collected if it meant beating those Foplyan spies 
into a pulp! 
They 
could always collect more fortune in the future. But it was not every day that those spirits could 
meet Foplyan spies! 
The men in black had thought that they would only face an angry Savior at best. 
The medium had told them not to be scared even if there were signs that the Savior was about to be 
reawakened. 
He also claimed that as long as they had a certain with them, they would be able to force the 
Savior to continue his slumber. 
Who would have thought that they would be defeated by a group of old 
souls? Looking at the baskets in 
Chapter 956 Working With the Malevolent Spirits 
their hands, it seemed that some of these spirits were out for groceries when they died. 
The resentment coming from them was so overwhelming that the men in black felt breathless. 
Those elderly folks were already dead, but once they pointed their fingers at the men’s faces, they felt a strong sense of dizziness. 
The spirits didn’t even have to use any of their power. They were solely focused on attacking them. 
Wynter allowed the spirits to do as they wished. 
After handing them over to the furious spirits, Wynter went to tie Fred up. Then, she followed the aura and prepared to continue her search for Wolf. 
However, a streak of white hair caught her attention. 
Wynter didn’t care about who the Savior was. But she knew that certain cultivators were willing to lay out ginormous traps just to catch the Savior. 
That was because the Savior’s flesh and blood could help a cultivator in their path to ascension. 
But Wynter did not approve of such behavior. Cascadia had also claimed that hunting such a protected species was prohibited. 
That wasn’t the only problem. Wynter couldn’t understand their morals, either. Hence, Wynter had always kept a distance from cultivators who would carry out such practices. 
Cultivators could ascend through enlightenment, or they could ascend after collecting offerings and faith from the malevolent spirits. 
She didn’t understand why cultivators would insist on using such means to ascend. 
Not to mention, the people who had set their eyes on the Savior this time were from Foplya, 
Wynter did not hesitate as she sent her location to the Special Unit. She then ordered them to apprehend the people here and bring them back for interrogation. 
As for the Savior, Wynter walked to the corner and saw a young boy holding a knife. He was leaning against the wall and looked slightly desperate. 
There was a baseball cap beside him. His white hair cascaded down, blocking his eyes from her view. 
Meanwhile, his face and neck were covered in blood, while his leg seemed broken. His clothes were also tattered and torn. 
However, that was not what caught Wynter’s attention. Instead, she was shocked by the fact that she had met him before. 
###chapter957
Chapter 957 The Savior 
He had been hanging around with some gangsters back in Waterview Alley, Southdale. But those gangsters weren’t evil at heart. 
One of the men, Carl, had stopped Wynter in her path, claiming that they wanted to give her a lesson. 
Back then, that kid, Whitley, was standing quietly in the corner. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow in shock. “Are you the Savior?” 
She did sense that Whitley was somewhat special compared to others back then. She had found him in the same pile of trash that Wolf was found in. 
The only difference was that Wolf was much younger than him. Not to mention that one of them couldn’t speak, whereas the other could not walk. 
Whitley also recognized Wynter. Although his eyes did not work well in dark places, he was still as smart as he had been. 
When he saw Wynter, he immediately greeted her despite their circumstances, “Boss.” 
His voice was incredibly weak. 
Whitley’s hair was also wet due to the sweat. It stuck to his pale face, making him look pitiful. 
Since he had already acknowledged her and called her “boss“, she could not turn a blind eye to him. She quickly took a look at his injuries and pressed on a few acupuncture points. 
Then, she glanced at his wrists and ankles. There were needle wounds all over them. There was even a 
beast–locking chain around one of his arms. 
Wynter quickly took the chain away. 
Only then did Whitley seem to have been freed as his eyes immediately brightened. Although he was 
exhausted, at least he could still 
move. 
Whiley looked up at Wynter. His lips were pale, and he had an indescribable beauty despite his current 
state. 
“Thanks, boss. 
“You and your gang didn’t come to work the next day, so I’m not considered your boss.” 
Wynter looked at Whitley’s face and bent down. She sounded certain as she said, “You knew you were the 
Savior.” 
Whitley did not look away. “I guessed it. After Uncle Carl brought me back, a lot of weird people would come looking for me. 
“I did a small investigation and guessed that my flesh and blood must be quite valuable.” 
“Then you’re very smart.” Wynter stood straight as her eyes darkened slightly. 
Chapter 957 The Savior. 
Whitley and Wolf had both come from a pile of trash. Wolf wasn’t even able to sense anything, but Whitley was able to conclude from his surroundings about his true identity. 
Wynter wasn’t even sure if it was because Whitley was much more cunning than Wolf was. After all, the Savior had not awakened his true form yet, so he had been trying his best to protect himself. 
She knew Wolf was Chaos because Wolf had shown some suspicious behavior when he first arrived at 
their house. 
Wynter had been forced to read a number of books, hoping to help Wolf. 
As for the Savior’s true thoughts, Wynter had not reached that level where she could see through his 
thoughts. She had always considered herself a half–assed medium. 
Whitley used his hand to prop himself up. He could tell from the sounds just now that Wynter had saved 
him. 
After giving it some thought, he stretched out his hand and said, “Boss, why don’t you start your journey 
as a cultivator? 
“I don’t have any money on me now. But once I earn some money, I’ll pay you back. I’ve researched my kind. My flesh and blood will be able to help you since I’m giving it to you willingly.” 
“Are you só free that you have time to investigate such a matter?” Wynter smiled and looked at his 
outreached hand. 
“Give me a minute, Wynter said as she began to search Fred’s body. Soon, she found an antidote for the poison and some cloth. 
Wynter tore the cloth up and wrapped it around Whitley’s bleeding wrists. 
Whitley tensed. “Boss, do you not need my blood?” 
Wynter was adept in bandaging wounds. Her methods were sharp and quick. “I’m not a cultivator. But there’s something I would like to point out. 
“You should follow me from here on out. You must have heard their words just now. 
“They’re from Foplya, and I’m guessing they’re here to capture you. They won’t stop so easily. You’ll also end up hurting your fellow Cascadians if you end up in their hands.” 
###chapter958
Chapter 958 Afraid of Backlash 
Rather than calling Whitley obedient, he was much smarter than he should be. 
“I would have followed you even if you didn’t allow me to.” 
Recently, the number of people after him had been increasing exponentially. He didn’t want to drag Carl into his mess, either. It was already hard enough for Carl to raise him while trying to find someone to heal his leg. 
They didn’t go to Empathy Clinic for work because they had heard that they would be able to earn more money in Kingbourne. That was why Carl had brought him here. 
But it had been a few days since Whitley heard from Carl. That was why he came out of hiding to search 
for him. 
He had planned to make an exchange with Wynter, but she didn’t want his blood. 
Whitley couldn’t help but feel anxious by the situation and unintentionally reflected his feelings on his 
face. 
Wynter noticed his expression and asked, “Is there something else troubling you?” 
“My uncle is missing.” 
It was the first time Whitley experienced the feeling of owing someone a favor. Wynter had saved him, yet here he was asking her for her help again, but he didn’t know anyone else who could help him. 
“Dr. Genius, could you please help me find him? I’m willing to do anything as long as you help me find him. 
Whitley’s eyes glowed with a faint golden hue. 
Wynter’s memory was shockingly good, as always. “Your uncle? Carl Wilkinson?” 
“That’s him!” Whitley finally made an expression that matched his age. 
He was finally able to reveal his emotions as he said, “The amount of herbal medication I need has been Increasing lately. My uncle isn’t a cultivator, so he doesn’t understand how to heal me. 
“He came to Kingbourne because he heard he was able to earn a fortune here. But he disappeared ever since he managed to earn 30 grand. 
“There’s something wrong with my eyes, too. My vision will fade sometimes, causing me to be temporarily blind.” 
Whitley’s hands were shaking as he added, “Dr. Genius, I can make a pact with you if you don’t want my 
flesh and blood. 
“I’ve read some ancient books that claimed that a Savior would be able to bring their master an abundance of fortune.” 
Wynter said, “That’s true. But there haven’t been any voluntary Saviors like you.” 
With that said, Wynter seemed to have thought of something as she got up and said, “I’ll think about Carl’s situation. I’m also looking for someone now. 
“Your identity is special. This is not the place to have such conversations.” 
Whitley seemed to regain hope after hearing Wynter’s words. 
Although his leg was injured, he quickly followed behind Wynter when he saw her getting up. But his forehead was quickly drenched from sweat due to the pain. 
Wynter did not allow him to continue torturing himself like that and quickly handed him some medication. 
On the other hand, she quickly took out her chain with the Epoch Collection attached and tied Fred and his subordinates together. 
“Ma’am, could you all help me watch over them until the officers arrive?” 
Wynter lowered her head as she looked at the spirits. She did not feel an ounce of fear or emotion as she 
met their red eyes. 
One of the spirits of the elderly waved her hands and said proudly, “Don’t worry, and just do what you need to do. I’m a martial artist myself. 
“Just because I’m dead doesn’t mean I can’t do martial arts anymore. If they even dare to move an inch, I’ll beat them up until they see the stars.” 
“Alright. There are a few cultivators from Mt. Dragon nearby. All of you should be careful. You should quickly run if they come here. Don’t let them get to you.” 
With that said, Wynter put up the formation. 
One of the men tried to struggle, but he quickly fainted after receiving a punch from Wynter. 
She was in a bad mood because of Wolf’s disappearance. “Stop moving, and stop wasting my time.” Her actions were cool, but they were somewhat cruel and irrational. It did not match her appearance. That man had obviously misjudged her, and a black eye was beginning to spot his swollen face. Didn’t they say that Cascadia was a country that upheld proper etiquette and mannerisms? Which faction did she belong to? 
How could she be so cruel? Also, why was she teaming up with the malevolent spirits? Wasn’t she afraid of facing backlash? 
###chapter959
Chapter 959 Foplyan Sples 
But those malevolent spirits all respected how Wynter handled the situation. 
The spirits also couldn’t help but wonder if it was due to old age or the moon phase, but the mediums were no longer strict and decisive when dealing with their enemies. 
They would often sort to summoning and borrowing some godly powers. 
The spirits of the elderly hated it when those mediums channeled the godly powers to force them into obedience. 
It was just like the current situation, where they had to stay and watch over those Foplyan bastards! They didn’t kill them outright as Wynter had told them they would earn merits if they allowed the officers to arrest them. 
Usually, they would not care about things like merits. They were malevolent spirits, after all, and they 
didn’t need it. 
But they would be able to boast about the merits they gained today for eternity, so they had to listen to Wynter. 
Although the sp 
spirits did not express their feelings, Wynter could understand them. She did not waste any 
time and held Whitley’s hand. 
“You gave me a good idea just now. The person I’m looking for is quite similar to you.” 
With that said, Wynter placed one of the glass balls he had found on Whitley’s palm and said, “Try and see if you can sense his location.” 
Whitley was smart. He didn’t ask any other questions after hearing that the person was similar to him. 
Instead, he closed his eyes and tried to grasp the energy around him. 
He could sense Chaos‘ energy and aura surrounding the place. However, there was a unique aura on the 
glass ball. 
It made one feel slightly uneasy and unsettled. It was almost as if those two auras were completely 
incompatible with each other. 
“He’s not here,” Whitley said as he opened his eyes. Although his eyes remained clear and bright, hel 
looked exhausted. 
He added, “His presence disappeared completely from the west side of the plaza. It seemed like 
someone had brought him away.” 
Wynter’s gaze darkened. “Someone brought him away? 
“It’s just a guess.” Whitley’s train of thought was clear and concise as he said, “He unleashed his aura in 
full force just now. His body was bound to collapse after some time. 
“However, someone managed to control the beast within him.” 
Whitley seemed to have sensed something as his fingers froze. His voice sounded slightly confused as he said, “Why is there another aura that is similar to mine around us?” 
A Savior would only share a similar aura with another Savior. 
At that moment, Wynter realized that people were coming. She didn’t plan to linger, so she quickly brought Whitley out of the place through another exit. 
She needed to find out who had taken Wolf away. No matter who it was, she would make them regret 
very decision they ever made if they planned to harm Wolf. 
At the same time, the cultivators from Mt. Dragon arrived at the spot
. 
Some newer cultivators were so shocked by the scene before them that they began to tremble. “Is it normal for so many malevolent spirits to be staring at us?” 
The older cultivators were wise as one of them said, “Don’t do anything. Their targets are those Foplyans, 
not us.” 
It was obvious that the man the malevolent spirits were circling was the mastermind behind the whole incident. 
However, they were shocked to see the item that had been used to tie up those men. It was a chain that had an Epoch Collection attached to it. 
Every cultivator had dreamed of possessing such a precious item. But among the mediums in Cascadia, who would be able to gather so many malevolent spirits and have them watch over the Foplyans? 
Not to mention, those malevolent spirits were all souls of the elderly. 
They turned to look at them with crimson eyes. Black mist encapsulated them as they exuded an evil air. 
In normal circumstances, the mediums present would have already used their power to subdue the spirits. That was because nothing good would happen with the malevolent spirits roaming the area. But now, they were at a loss for what to do. 
The malevolent spirits began to mutter among themselves. “Are they the officers she mentioned?” “They’re not. They’re from Mt. Dragon.” 
“Oh! Why didn’t you tell me sooner? We should hurry up and leave!” 
“I don’t want to leave! I want the merits!” 
“You’re such a stubborn cow!” 
The malevolent spirits refused to move, whereas the people from Mt. Dragon did not dare to do so. 
The mediums who were tied up in the middle felt helpless. 
The group from Mt. Dragon only dared to move when the people from the Special Unit arrived and noticed the symbols on the ground. 
“Our boss told us that you all have managed to capture seven Foplyan spies. Is that true?” 
###chapter960
Chapter 960 Ancestor 
“That’s right! It was us!” 
The malevolent spirits seemingly puffed their chests out when the officers mentioned that they had captured several Foplyan spies. 
They stood straight and proper as if they were ready to receive a special award. It was a sight to behold. 
The mediums from Mt. Dragon had been catching malevolent spirits for numerous years now, but they had never seen something quite like that. 
More importantly, those malevolent spirits did not want anything in return. 
One of the officers from the Special Unit said, “We’ll record this and put it in the books.” 
Only then did the malevolent spirits begin to disappear one after another. As they left the place, they did not forget to clear the air of any lingering resentment energy around the vicinity. 
One of the younger mediums there asked, “Is this normal?” 
The place fell into silence. 
There was nothing normal about what had just happened! 
Every time those malevolent spirits appeared before the mediums, they would have to pour in all their efforts to subd 
them. 
Things would be especially hard when the spirits form an Earthbound Formation. 
They didn’t dare to enter a formation without any preparation. The mediums would only be able to escape a formation if they were strong and agile enough. 
But now, with the malevolent spirits in such a peaceful environment, it created an illusion that the malevolent spirits were actually pure and innocent. 
What a joke! If only there was a change in scenery! 
One of the malevolent spirits looked like an old woman with a crooked neck. She was always able to scare a group of living beings to death and also swallow people whole. 
The mediums from Mt. Dragon always had a hard time subduing her as she had a strong resentment energy on her. 
But now, she put on the badge that the Special Unit had given her and left without sparing them a glance. 
Some of the mediums present were shocked by the scene. 
However, the older mediums already understood what had happened. 
“A medium came here just before we did. I don’t know who that person was, but such extraordinary talent is indeed rare.” 
Chapter 160 Ancestor 
“The people from the Special Unit are talented geniuses in different aspects. But no one among them has managed to obtain enlightenment, right?” 
“Just because they did not have one back then, doesn’t mean they do not have such an operative among them now. I’ve just taken a look at the year of the Epoch Collection on the chain. It’s close to our mentors. 
The group of mediums present were all Kaspar’s apprentices. 
One of them, who followed his path closely, was currently absent. If that apprentice were here, he would probably be able to guess that today’s incident was somewhat related to Wynter. 
Unfortunately, the group of apprentices here was more focused on research. 
It was unknown if the appearance of a medium who could get those malevolent spirits to cooperate with them was a good or bad thing. 
After all, such an act went against their principles as a cultivator and a medium. 
But on the other hand, that medium must be extremely talented to possess such strength and capabilities. 
In the real world, perhaps hard work and effort were still important to determine one’s success. However, enlightenment did not work that way. Some people were just born with an innate affinity for it. 
For example, Jonathan had been by Kaspar’s side for a long time. 
They had all spent ten years learning how to draw talismans before being able to channel such godly 
powers. 
However, Jonathan had only spent a year before he was able to communicate with the underworld’s 
guards. 
Hence, those mediums and cultivators who were born with an innate ability would be able to gain enlightenment much more easily than normal people. 
“I wonder who has a higher chance of becoming a grand master befween Mr. Keys and that medium.” 
“This unknown medium is skilled, but they aren’t comparable with Mr. Keys‘ talent. Mr. Key is a rare genius. Besides, the chances for one to become a grand master are unpredictable. 
*If our mentor hasn’t been able to ascend to a grand master, then a normal medium without a faction. would not be able to do so, either. You’re overthinking things.” 
“I’m just saying. You’d never know I’ve never seen anyone succeed in getting those malevolent spirits to 
behave.” 
“It’s a good thing that you’ve never seen someone like that. There used to be such a medium who could control malevolent spirits back in the old days. However, things did not end well for them.” 
“Back then? Who?” 
“It’s been written in the books. You should read more during your free time. After all, some of our techniques were created by them. 
“We’re even imitating and using some of the energy they had left behind.” 
Only then did the young medium come to his senses. His eyes widened in shock as he exclaimed, “Are you talking about our ancestor who managed to open the gates of heaven with just a sword?” 
###chapter961
Chapter 961 She Who Shall Not Be Named 
“I remember she- 
“Shush it! Don’t say her name!” The older medium quickly stopped his apprentice. That person was someone that even the heavens hated. 
Just the words, “Open the heaven’s gate with a sword” were enough for one to know that the person in question was exceptional and did not follow the rules of the world. 
Everyone’s admiration for her was genuine. If she really appeared before them, they would listen to her teachings with utmost sincerity. 
But she had always remained associated with malevolent spirits, so there were mixed emotions about her. 
After all, anyone who had read the ancient books for cultivators would know that the most common advice regarding her techniques was to not simply summon one’s energy. 
One might end up attracting and summoning malevolent spirits instead. 
However, she had indeed been the one to pass down most of the techniques that they were currently using 
According to the legends, when she was still around, Saviors would often appear by the mountains, and all of them would listen to her. 
Their head, Kaspar, was also practicing the techniques she had left behind. It had also been part of her legacy. 
The people from the Special Unit could not understand what those mediums from Mt. Dragon were talking about. They were there because Wynter had told them there was a job to do. 
One of the mediums from Mt. Dragon continued to question them. “Is there a cultivator among your task force?” 
Such a special and talented cultivator had appeared. He had to ask them about it. Cultivator? Who? 
The leading officer of the Special Unit met the medium’s gaze and said politely, “Our unit’s motto is to uphold scientific innovation, prosperity, peace, freedom, equality-” He continued to recite their core values. 
The medium pursed his lips. Didn’t the Special Unit handle some paranormal cases? How could their unit’s motto still remain so rigid? 
“We do not have a cultivator among us.” 
After Wynter had contacted them about another task, they had all rushed here immediately. 
The people from the task force were all geniuses and did not care much for those unborn spirits. Those malevolent spirits were also just another form of energy in their opinion. They were more focused on studying physics. 
Chapter 961 She Who Shall Not Be Named 
The medium knew there was nothing more he could learn from them. Other than the leader of the Special Unit, no one would be able to make them do anything. 
It seemed like he would have to slowly investigate to find out who had been the one to command those 
malevolent spirits. 
At the same time, the Foplyan medium had not regained consciousness yet. He did not know he had just missed out on a piece of very important information. 
The Special Unit had always done things efficiently. After a short while, the plaza had returned to its original peaceful state. 
Some of the people from Mt. Dragon had seen that Foplyan medium. Everyone realized that certain people from the Formation Conference seemed to be planning something. 
After all, they were all cultivators themselves. Once blood was shed, they would also be able to sense Savior’s aura. Who on Earth had been helping the Foplyans integrate within their country so perfectly? 
These questions weren’t just for the Special Unit to solve. As cultivators from Cascadia, they had the responsibility to examine the apprentices they had all taken in. 
The other party had used some of Mt. Dragon’s techniques. Although other people were not able to tell, the cultivators from Mt. Dragon all knew it. 
At the same time, an old man was waiting by the hillside villa for Savior’s arrival. The old man’s expression seemed to be darkening by the minute. 
He had tried contacting all 17 of the people who had been assigned on that mission, but no one had answered him, Such a situation had never occurred before. 
The old man narrowed his eyes. The backlash from the Arcane Way technique he practiced was extremely severe. He could only use some underhanded methods to stay alive. 
Tyler didn’t dare to speak as he had also failed to contact his people. Even their medium had gone missing without a trace. It was a huge loss for their forces! 
He had to inform his superiors about it to plan around the loss. 
Chapter 962 Where’s the Sandr 
###chapter962
Chapter 962 Where’s the Savior 
The old man didn’t stop him. After all, he had lived for so long. His skills were unfathomable, and he always had a few unborn souls doing his bidding. 
“Sir, we can’t get into the plaza because there were too many malevolent spirits in it. However, there are people from Mt. Dragon in there,” a black mist that landed in front of the old man reported. 
The black mist only had a single blood–red, ominous eye visible which made his presence uneasy. 
Tyler Shaw quickened his pace when he heard the mention of ML. Dragon. He was worried that their people would be exposed. 
The old man was more cautious than Tyler. He asked in detail, “Who from Mt. Dragon?” 
The people who were sent out this time were all skilled in Arcane Way, but none of them returned. This made the old man pay closer attention. 
“Sir, someone has set up a barrier in the plaza which made it difficult to get close. We didn’t get to see 
clearly.” 
The old man instinctively thought of the reclusive genius Mt. Dragon had recruited in recent years. Could he have come down from Mt. Dragon as well? 
The old man got up. “They’ve all been captured. What about the Savior?* 
The two unborn souls exchanged a glance and replied plainly. “The Savior is not with the group of 
from Mt. Dragon.” 
of 
Cople 
“Not with them?” The old man’s brows furrowed. “There is no way those cultivators from Mt. Dragon would leave a Savior behind.” 
He didn’t care much about what happened in Foplya. What he wanted was a Savior. 
For many years, he had been unable to cultivate his ascending skills. He could only continuously change bodies as he was unable to stand his deteriorating face. 
He wanted a Savior to constantly provide him with fresh blood. That way, he wouldn’t need to waste resources sending his subordinates to collect virgins from various places. 
“Find him.” The old man’s murky eyes flashed with a venomous glint. “That Savior can only be mine.” 
“Yes, sir.” With that, the black mist dispersed. 
The old man stood in the study. His back was so badly covered with scars that he could hardly be considered human anymore. 
Only after stitching himself up did he speak with a voice that penetrated the door. “Get prepared. I want to go to the Quinnells.” 
The butler who had been standing outside answered with a trembling voice as his face paled. “Yes.” 
Chapter 962 Where’s the Savior 
In the distance, the night grew deeper. It was 10:00 p.m. when Wynter finally stopped at the corner of the 
street with Whitley. 
The boy’s wounds are now wrapped up in bandages, and he looked more lively than he was previously. He held a fruit crepe that Wynter had bought for him. 
He appeared quite ordinary when he looked down to eat his crepe. Anyone who saw him would simply think he had albinism. No one would associate him with the term “Savior“. 
Wynter had been asking about Wolf along her way, but no unborn souls had seen him. 
Wynter wasn’t walking on this route with the boy randomly. The truth is, she had deliberately allowed a bait to escape from the plaza earlier. 
Wynter glanced sideways and her eyes landed on a man with a trendy style. The man thought changing his jacket would prevent him from being recognized. 
Wynter’s lip curved slightly. With Wolf missing, she intended to track down whoever was behind this. It doesn’t matter who it was. 
Not only did they fail to capture the Savior, but they were also beaten horribly by Wynter in the plaza. The first move by the Foplya’s spy after leaving the plaza would undoubtedly be to contact his superiors. 
However, he was indeed quite cautious. He circled several times before finally appearing like a rapper returning home after a drink. His appearance alone wouldn’t peg him as a spy for sure. 
Wynter didn’t need to investigate in depth to know that their backgrounds had all been meticulously fabricated. Some of them might not even have been from Foplya but instead were local young people. 
It was undeniable that Foplya’s cultural infiltrations over the years had been incredibly effective. Enjoying anime and live–action was fine given that everyone had their preferences, but… 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>>
###chapter963
 e. 
Chapter 963 Revenge 
Freedom to dress as one pleased came with the responsibility of remembering the context and time. 
No one had the right to forgive on behalf of the heroic spirit who sacrificed themselves for this land. 
Imagine if they had returned only to see young people dressed in traditional Foplyanese outfits while singing and dancing. What would they think? 
They would believe that their aspirations remained unfulfilled and that we were still being bullied, just like the confused Cody. 
However, debates were inevitable and vigilance would wane as more people failed to thoroughly learn that part of history. 
It was not a new phenomenon for spies to be exposed every year. The opposition probably relied on their 
deceiving appearances to act so blatantly. 
Wynter recently met a female friend who acted all arrogant. Her true nature was revealed when no one 
was around. 
Wynter’s eyes darkened slightly as she followed the man. The man had a small, subtle tattoo on the back. 
of his hand. It was something trendy that usually wouldn’t attract much attention. 
Wynter had observed earlier that almost all the men in black at the plaza had this tattoo. It seemed that 
identifying them wouldn’t be too difficult. 
“The car ahead is here to pick him up.” Whitley was indeed quick–witted. He had noticed the subtle details. 
even while eating his crepe. 
Wynter hailed a taxi to follow the man’s car. The drivers in Kingbourne relished in tasks like this. The driver got extremely excited after hearing that Wynter wanted to follow the car in front of them. 
The driver couldn’t be bothered by his audiobook any longer. As he drove, Wynther gave the driver a 
thumbs–up at his top–notch driving skills. 
The driver said with a proud expression, “They can’t outrun me.” 
Whitley wore the purple sugilite pendant that Wynther had given him on his neck. The pendant seemed oddly familiar to him. It was as if he had seen it long ago. He could clearly feel it masking his aura when 
he touched it. 
Wynter, the genius doctor, was right. The best path for Whitley was to follow her. 
Wynter’s gaze shifted slightly as the car drove onto the main road on the west side. She was very familiar with this road as she had cycled here many times. 
It seemed the answer to the question she had pondered for so long was finally within reach. 
Wynter had always been meticulous in her actions. She grabbed her phone and called Albert. “Albert, I need your help.” 
Albert, who had just finished a shareholders‘ meeting, immediately lost all his anger. His stern face softened into an indulgent warmth which baffled his assistants who were following behind him. 
Just moments ago, Albert’s gaze was cold and he seemed more than ready to fire someone due to the poor decision made by some of the stakeholders. Why did he seem like a different person now? 
“Wynter, what do you need from me? Just say the word,” Albert said as he continued to walk. His gaze landed on his assistants, signaling for them to make preparations, 
His assistants instantly understood everything when they realized it was Ms. Quinnell. 
Ms. Quinnell was worthy. Everything that she needed was worth putting in the effort. After all, she was the reason for their recent salary and benefit increases. 
“I need you to arrange a meeting with that first love of yours…” 
Albert stopped moving when he heard that. He knew Wynther was about to take action. 
For days, Albert had been indulging Wyther’s wishes and had not made a move on Jolene. However, this doesn’t mean that he wasn’t furious. 
Albert had prided himself on being serious with all his relationships. He had helped Jolene genuinely 
when he met her overseas. 
Albert had thought about Wynter’s words more than once after learning about her dreams and discovering Jolene’s schemes that she had committed in his name after she returned to the country. 
Jolene hadn’t honored Albert’s will by giving the shares to Sebastian when she got remarried. Instead, she sold the shares off, forcing Sebastian into exile and leading to the downfall of the Quinnells. The regret Albert felt had been simmering for days. He was more than ready to get his revenge. 
###chapter964
Chapter 964 Found you Declan Quinnell 
Jolene couldn’t remember the last time she had received a call from Albert. She would have thought that he had found out about her schemes and became suspicious of her if it weren’t for the occasional flowers sent by his assistant. 
“Yes, that’s right. Albert said he’d take me to visit you.” Jolene’s tone was unusually relaxed. “I just wanted to let you know so that you could be prepared 
“Why is he suddenly bringing you to visit me?” Declan had been a shrewd and calculating tactician for years. He lowered his voice. “Did you mention anything about me to him?” 
Jolene felt a little guilty. “He kept asking about my life abroad, so I told him that I happened to run into you. I said that you recognized me and knew I was someone he cared about, so you made sure I didn’t suffer too much,” 
Declan’s expression turned cynical when he heard that. “Who told you to say that?” 
Declan squeezed the sandalwood beads in his hand. He was furious with Jolene’s incompetence and stupidity. It made him wonder how his grandnephew, who was known as “the Wolf of Winnow Street“, ever took a liking to her. 
Declan took a deep breath. “How did he react after you said that?” 
“He was very grateful to you.” 
Jolene had the wrong impression of Albert. After all, she only knew Albert in his younger days and when he was more trusting of her. Back then, Albert had never put up his defenses against her. 
“He even said that it would be great if his grandpa was as understanding as you.” 
Jolene was very eager to marry into the Quinnell family and live a life of luxury. The financial strain that she was experiencing recently had been hard on her. 
The pressure from abroad was also relentless, and she always had to maintain her good front in 
Cascadia. 
Although Albert had been sending his assistant lately, the gifts had all been inexpensive and invaluable 
trinkets. He said those trinkets were the memories they shared during their college days. 
Jolene despised the gifts but had to pretend to genuinely appreciate them. Finally, things seemed to be paying off! 
Declan paused at Jolene’s words. He wondered if he was being overly sensitive and if his nephew was 
simply concerned for Jolene. 
He glanced at his phone and noted the messages he had received previously. Many stakeholders had been asking about his next plan after the failed deal with Dalton. 
Some of Declan’s old friends had suffered from business losses, but what made him the most uneasy 
was the fact that some of them were sent to prison. 
Chapter 964 Found you Declan Quinnell, 
2/2 
The Yarwood family was pursuing the matter aggressively. Declan knew that it was only a matter of time before it implicated him. 
Albert’s involvement would be the key to alleviating the current crisis that Declan was in. With Albert taking the blame, Declan could find a way out. 
With this in mind, Declan stopped hesitating. “Come here with Albert. But be mindful of your tone and 
behavior.” 
“Yes. Don’t worry. I understand.” 
Liam Miller, Declan’s butler, entered the room just as Declan hung up the call. “Mr. Quinnell, there’s an important guest in the back garden.” 
“Back garden?” Declan’s brow furrowed as he realized something. “Who is it? Did they say?” 
Liam lowered his voice. “You need to meet them yourself. They said they are friends of Tyler Shaw.” 
Declan quickly headed to the back garden when he heard those words. 
A taxi came to a halt a mile away from the villa. The taxi was stopped by the security guards. 
“Sir, you may not enter as this is private property. You need to turn right to return to the main road.” 
The taxi driver glanced back at his passenger and was about to speak when Wynter lowered the window. Her side profile was fair and delicate, and she spoke with a slow and gentle voice. 
“Am I not allowed in?” 
“Ms- Ms. Quinnell!” the guards stammered. “Of course, you are allowed in. It’s just that Mr. Quinnell 
Senior, he…” 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter965
Chapter 965 Wynter the skilled actress 
Wynter looked at the security guard. “What’s the matter with great uncle?” 
The security guard fumbled for an excuse. “Nothing. L- Let me report your arrival.” 
‘There’s no need for such trouble.” Wynter glanced around while noting the numerous surveillance 
cameras. She decided to walk In openly since entering discreetly was impossible. “I’ll call my great uncle myself.” 
The security guard quickly relented when he realized that letting Ms. Quinnell make that call would surely cost him his job. “No need for that! Please go ahead, I’ll open the gate right away!” 
The security guard pressed the button of the gate. The taxi drove through while the driver was still stunned. “Young lady, so you’re a relative of the owner here? Who are we following then?” 
“Spies,” Wynter replied casually. 
The driver chuckled. “You have quite the sense of humor.” Wynter smiled faintly but said nothing. 
Whitley suddenly grabbed onto Wynter’s wrist. “Something’s off about that house.” 
Wynther didn’t ask what he meant because she had noticed it too. She had checked this place before and found nothing unusual. But why was there an aura of resentment absorbing the Earth’s energy now? 
This great uncle of hers would really do anything for his own gain. 
The taxi driver looked around. “Off? What’s off about the house? It looks grand and magnificent.” 
Wynter’s presence could neither be hidden nor could it be stopped. Her timing coincided with Declan being in the back garden, leaving only Liam in the front yard. 
Liam had no idea how difficult it would be to deal with Wynter, who Declan spoke of so casually. Just because Declan could anticipate certain things didn’t mean his butler could as well. 
Liam’s mind was filled with the idea of preventing Wynter from reaching the back garden. “Ms. Quinnell, what brings you here?” Liam eigned joy. 
Wynter glanced at him and answered with a casual tone, “I came to see great uncle. I heard that some shareholders often come here for tea. I’m here to seek his advice as the company has been facing some difficulties recently.” 
Liam’s eyes flashed with disdain as Wynter seemed no different from her father. They knew nothing and always turned to Declan for help. 
Liam thought that the praises online must have been exaggerated. The company’s recent improvements surely weren’t Wynter’s doing. It had to be the people behind the scenes. 
“Mr. Quinnell is already asleep at this hour,” Liam said pompously while glancing at his watch. “Ms. Quinnell, Mr. Quinnell has been having headaches lately. Perhaps you could come back tomorrow?” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “Great uncle isn’t feeling well? Perfect timing: I studied medicine. I can take a 
Chapter 965 Wynter the skilled actress. 
look at him.” 
Liam clenched his fists and felt speechless. He thought to himself that Wynter was a hick for not understanding basic etiquette and hints. 
“Ms. Quinnell, that might not be appropr- 
Before Liam could finish his sentence, a deep chuckle interrupted him. 
“Wynter, is something wrong? Why do you need to see me so urgently?” It was Declan. He had just reached the back garden when he received the news that Wynter had come. 
Declan had thought that Liam would be able to keep Wynter outside the villa, but she had somehow already made it inside. 
2/2 
Wynter turned her gaze to Declan. “The company’s matters are beyond me. Grandpa was so stubborn and 
we just got into an argument. 
“He said I didn’t understand anything, so I ran away from home. I was planning to head back to Southdale with my friend, but I saw this place and thought I’d stop by to see you.” 
Wynter’s lies flowed effortlessly. Even Whitley was momentarily speechless after hearing it. Liam nodded slighty, as if validating Wynter’s story. 
###chapter966
Chapter 966 Web of Lies 
“Ms. Quinnell did indeed come by taxi.” This wasn’t normal, but after Wynter’s explanation, Liam finally understood that it was because she had run away from home. 
A trace of surprise flickered in Declan’s eyes. He hadn’t expected this turn of events. Was he running from home? Even though Declan didn’t show it, he was suspicious of Wynter’s explanation. 
“Your grandpa has always indulged all your wants, whether outrageous or impossible. Wynter, you should appreciate and understand your grandpa’s intentions. He means well.” 
“Don’t I appreciate and understand him enough?” Wynter reclined on the sofa. “He wanted me to create an online persona, and so I did. Now, I’m burdened with all sorts of things that aren’t my responsibility every day. 
“I’m a medical student, but he insists for me to manage the company. He also said that I would be easily criticized by others since I came from Southdale. He wants me to learn the manners of socialites because of that.” 
Wynter tilted back slightly. “He doesn’t dare to show it to outsiders, but I know he looks down on me. He would always argue with me and won’t even let me make friends.” 
Even Liam was bewildered after hearing Wynter’s words. However, Declan laughed indulgently. 
“You have the temper of a child. How could your grandpa look down on you? Enough of this. Get prepared to go home. It’s late, and your grandpa will worry.” 
With that, he raised his hands. “Let me call your grandpa first to inform him that you’re with me. Otherwise, he might worry and call the police. It’s late, and he might think that you’ve gotten kidnapped again.” 
It was a test. Declan obviously didn’t believe Wynter and needed to confirm her lies in another way. 
Wynter would lie without careful consideration. She wouldn’t have just given Albert one instruction when she called him. 
Wynter knew she would meet Declan from the moment the spy’s car entered the main road leading up the hill. 
Apart from Declan, this area was filled with other villas, including the Fentons and Winstons. But in the end, the bait entered Declan’s villa. 
Declan’s phone call connected and he pretended to disagree with Fabian. “Why did you argue with Wynter? She is just a child. Can’t you talk calmly to her? She is in my place with a friend now. Quickly come and pick her up.” 
“I won’t pick her up! She can do whatever she wants. She embarrassed me in front of so many people at the dining table. 
“She doesn’t understand anything about social etiquette. Declan, you don’t have to advise me anymore. She is a huge disappointment just like her father. It has truly chilled my heart.” 
Chapter 966 Web of Lies 
2/2 
The sigh that Fabian let out at the end sounded genuine. Declan knew his brother well and could sense that he was truly upset. 
Declan felt like he had gone back to the year his nephew had run away from home. Shane was only about 15 then when he allowed his strong pride and ego to take over. 
That was when Declan realized that not all of the members of the Quinnells were mature. They could be 
valuable assets for him with proper guidance. After all, Shane had been a good pawn for so many years. 
However, Declan needed a new pawn now that Shane had become useless. He knew that risks were involved in trying to use Wynter as a new pawn as he knew very little about her. Even so, Declan decided to approach and assess her slowly. 
Declan hung up the phone and acted like a benevolent elder. “It’s fine not to go back now. Both you your grandpa need to calm down. We can discuss this tomorrow. 
and 
“Liam, get the staff in the kitchen to prepare some noodles.” He then turned to Wynter. I’m assuming from your grandpa’s words that you haven’t eaten.” 
If one didn’t know the true colors of Declan, they’d think he was a kind elder. His refinement and warmth made it easy for Wynter to fail at detecting any malice for so long, even in her dreams. 
Enjoy Ad–Free 
###chapter967
Chapter 967 Wynter Moves In 
Declan was very adept at hiding his intentions. He wouldn’t have personally intervened in certain matters If it weren’t for Shane’s demise. He would have preferred to manipulate situations behind the scenes. 
It was because of this that Wynter always felt like Declan had some hidden agendas. After all, everything seemed abnormal in this place. That was why she didn’t immediately confront anyone, but instead proceeded gradually. 
Declan acted naturally. “Wynter, don’t be upset anymore. Have a warm meal with your friend first. By the way, who’s this friend of yours?” 
“He’s from Southdale.” Wynter pulled Whitley closer. “He’s my younger brother from the alley. My grandpa doesn’t like me associating with people from Southdale. 
“Even Grandma was just phoning it in. She didn’t let him stay with the Quinnells and he was only allowed to stay in the courtyard outside. 
“Grandpa got so mad this time because of this friend of mine. He said that I never listen to him and that I’ve embarrassed him.” 
Declan didn’t recognize the Savior. The people that were currently in the back garden would’ve recognized him if they weren’t still healing from their wounds and waiting for Tyler. 
It was safe to say that no one had any idea that Wynter would bring the Savior directly to them. It wasn’t a move that most people would think of. 
Liam walked over with the noodles and ordered the maids to prepare some side dishes to complement them. Whitley took a glance at Wynter, wondering if they should actually eat. 
Wynter picked up her fork. Of course, they were going to eat. They needed to be well–fed before 
exterminating them. 
Whitley was hungry, so as soon as he saw Wynter eating, he followed suit and practically buried his head in the noodles. Both of them devoured the noodles as if they hadn’t eaten all day. 
Liam couldn’t help but sneer and looked down on them. 
Declan on the other hand, felt more at ease. “You can rest upstairs when you’re done eating. There are 
rooms for both you and your friend.” 
That was precisely what Wynter had hoped to hear, but she had to continue with her act. “Great uncle. what did Grandpa say? Did he realize his mistakes?” 
Declan laughed when he heard Wynter’s question. “Your grandpa is a stubborn man, but you shouldn’t blame him. He’s under a lot of pressure with such a big company to manage.” 
*He may be under a lot of pressure, but he can’t always demand me to do this and that. He should have known that I was an underachiever when he brought me back. I even bought some of my grades.” 
Wynter’s words struck a chord with Liam. He had always 
wondered how a bumpkin from a village could 
Chapter 967 Wynter Movesin. 
outshine Ms. Naomi. It couldn’t have been easy for Fabian to create an online persona for such a wastrel. 
Declan took a sip of tea before saying with a meaningful tone, “The matters you handle are beyond your grandpa’s control. It shows that our Wynter has talent.” 
“I think so too,” Wynter pretended to enjoy being praised. “I was originally an art student, so why would Grandpa insist on making me an overachiever? It would be great if Grandpa had your mindset. 
“Grandpa was always either demanding things from me or Albert” Wynter continued smoothly, “I feel 
suffocated in that house.” 
After analyzing Shane, Wynter concluded that his collaboration with Declan hadn’t just started in recent years. What kind of person would believe in their uncle more than their own father? 
Other than some subtle influences and deliberate conditioning over time, it was simply a matter of his 
mindset for useless trash like Shane. 
He always blamed others. It was always someone else’s fault and never his own. Wynter struggled to act like Shane, but she knew that Declan was a sucker for people like him. 
“Being successful in art can also be promising. After all, you’re already famous internationally.” 
There was a sudden commotion in the back garden just as Declan finished speaking. 
###chapter968
Chapter 968 Wynter The Nemesis of Small–minded People 
The noise that came from the back garden sounded like someone had been smashing something. From how loud the noise was, it was obvious that the person causing the chaos was furious. 
Wynter stopped eating her noodles. She knew that she had to react appropriately given the current circumstances. ‘Great uncle, what’s happening in the back garden?” 
Declan glanced at Liam who was beside him. Liam immediately responded, “Nothing serious. The maids are undergoing some training due to their poor performance.” 
“Did someone steal something?” Wynter continued naturally. 
Liam said while nodding, “Yes! That’s right, Ms. Quinnell. Your guess is accurate!” 
“Then they need to be punished properly.” Wynter placed her fork down and wiped her mouth with a napkin. “Our family had a similar issue with Ms. Young. I wouldn’t have been abducted if it weren’t for her. “Great uncle, you can’t be soft–hearted when dealing with disobedient maids. No matter how large the Quinnell family is, our fortune will be depleted if they collude with outsiders and steal from us. 
“Some people are ingrates by nature. They won’t feel grateful even if you give them food and shelter. Instead, they repay you by biting the hand that feeds them.” Wynter fixed her gaze on Declan as she said that. 
Wynter knew Declan was currently displeased even when his expression remained unchanged. Making him upset was precisely her intention. 
Liam felt a flicker of anger that he couldn’t express given the current circumstances. “Ms. Quinnell, your words are-” 
Wynter interrupted him, “Oh, I was just speaking from experience. Mr. Miller and great uncle, both of you must have heard about Naomi Quinnell. 
“She constantly made things difficult for me and always aimed to replace me even when she was just a sponsee of my family.” 
“Great uncle,” Wynter continued with her head held high and a serious expression, ‘don’t you think it’s shameless for her to behave like this when she eats and drinks at the Quinnells‘ expense?” This was akin to forcing Declan to admit his own shamelessness. 
Declan’s hand tightened slightly under his sleeve as he forced a smile to avoid showing any unusual reaction, “Indeed.” He had to suppress a surge of frustration as he uttered the word. 
Declan’s current priority was to leave and handle the situation in the back garden. He knew exactly what the noise was. Tyler Shaw must have returned. 
Declan had to go over to the back garden first to prevent Wynter from overhearing any important information. Therefore, he had to swallow his pride and frustration for now. 
“Wynter, you’re right. Some people should be dealt with swiftly if they aren’t useful. You should continue 
Chapter 968 Wynter The Nemesis of Small–minded People 
eating. I will go check on things.” Declan walked towards the back garden leisurely right after saying that. 
Liam bowed respectfully as Declan cast a meaningful glance at him before leaving. 
Liam wasn’t the sharpest tool in the shed. He believed he could manage these two youngsters who came from the countryside. 
Liam believed Wynter was far from formidable based on his own judgment of her emotional intelligence 
and intellect. 
Liam was sure that it was the lack of personal contact that had led to people mistakenly believing that she was impressive. After all, they had only encountered her at the family reunion banquet. 
Seeing her current demeanor, it was clear that everything had been orchestrated by Mr. Quinnell Senior. “Ms. Quinnell,” Liam couldn’t help but speak up for Declan as he poured her some tea, “you shouldn’t have. said that just now.” 
by Wynter 
raised an eyebrow. “Do you think that Naomi was right, Mr. Miller? Does Great Uncle think so too? But that household staff of hers was an accomplice to human traffickers.” 
Liam realized that the conversation was heading in a dangerous direction. It would have implied that Declan played a role in Wynter’s abduction if he were to agree. 
“Ms. Quinnell, that’s not what I meant,” Liam quickly set down the teapot and spoke earnestly. “Many people don’t know about this, but Mr. Quinnell was actually adopted by the Quinnells. Your words just now might have felt like a veiled accusation.” 
1/2 
Chapter 969 Wynter’s Scheme to Sow Discord was Su
###chapter969
Chapter 969 Wynter’s Scheme to Sow Discord was Successful 
Wynter thought to herself that that was exactly what she was doing. She was indeed making a veiled accusation, but she pretended to be surprised. 
“Great uncle was adopted? I’ve never heard Grandpa mention that! Grandpa doesn’t treat him like an adopted brother at all.” 
“Mr. Quinnell Senior has always valued brotherhood deeply,” Liam responded instinctively. It was only after finishing his sentence that he realized he had complimented Fabian. 
“Moreover, there’s a backstory to their bond. It was Mr. Quinnell who stood up and saved Mr. Quinnell Senior when the Quinnells were facing a crisis.” 
Wynter was very skeptical about the backstory. She couldn’t believe that Declan would risk his life for anyone. After all, he had used the Quinnells to siphon off Earth’s energy to benefit Foplya. There had to be an underlying motive. 
Her current curiosity stemmed from why Declan could gain the protection of the Quinnells‘ ancestors if he wasn’t a true Quinnell. Something had to be wrong with this mansion. The problem didn’t seem to be the mansion itself, so something must have caused it. 
Wynter tapped her fingers on the table. It was a habit she had when thinking. 
Meanwhile, in the back garden, Tyler couldn’t suppress his fury no matter how hard he tried to lower his voice. 
“You idiot! A dozen of us were wiped out by a single person, and you’re telling me that you still don’t know their identity?” 
The wounded cultivator struggled to breathe steadily, “That person appeared too quickly. We didn’t even get the chance to react. 
“I was in charge of the perimeters so I was far away and managed to cape. The others… The cultivator 
spat out blood before continuing, “were all captured.” 
Tyler grabbed the cultivator’s collar tightly. “By who?” 
The cultivator shook his head. Tyler’s frustration deepened when he realized that he couldn’t get any useful information from the man. 
Tyler tri 
Declan saw this scene as he walked over. His eyes were cold. “So, your plan failed 
again?” 
tried to salvage his dignity. “Capturing a Savior isn’t an easy task.” 
“Tyler Shaw, I’m not deaf.” Declan was still rattled by the things Wynter had said earlier. “There’s a risk of being exposed now that your men have been captured! 
“I’ve warned you countless times not to mess with things you shouldn’t in Cascadia. Did you listen? Not only was the Savior not captured, but your men were also sent to prison! 
“Do you think the associated authorities are stupid? It’s only a matter of time before they figure out you’re 
Chapter 969 Wynter’s Scheme to Sow Discord was Successful 
spies!” 
22 
Declan was genuinely anxious. He needed to secure a backup plan for himself. Whether it involved the stupidly naive girl in the front yard or the elaborate scheme he had spent years on with Albert, it was still better than the risks he had to take now. 
“Tyler, take your men and leave my place immediately,” Declan lowered his eyes and demanded with at firm and authoritative tone. 
Tyler narrowed his eyes like a venomous snake and threatened, “Are you sure about this, Mr. Quinnell Senior? Are you defying the master’s order?” 
“I’ll talk to the master myself.” Declan took a glance at Tyler. “This will be the last time we contact each other. Do you think the master would be pleased if we got exposed because of you? Besides, why is he the only one who escaped?” 
Declan had always been suspicious and skeptical. “Are you sure he is capable? Are you sure no one had followed him?” The mere possibility of it made him want to check the surveillance footage immediately. 
“Mr. Quinnell Senior, I took a roundabout route to get here! I came here to relay the message! I’m certain no one followed me!” The wounded cultivator didn’t think his current appearance would draw any 
attention. 
###chapter970
Chapter 970 Looking down on Wynter Playing a long game for a big catch 
Tyler firmly believed that the individuals they had meticulously cultivated would remain absolutely loyal 
to their empire. 
The cultivators had been given all the necessary connections and assistance for their future. Even if they weren’t Foplyans, Tyler couldn’t imagine anyone passing up such an excellent opportunity. More importantly, the cultivators were all personally selected by the Saintess. 
Tyler stood in front of the wounded cultivator and looked at Declan. His voice was dreary as he said, “I hope you won’t regret this decision, Mr. Quinnell Senior.” 
Declan gestured for Tyler to leave. Tyler said no more, but he knew he needed to report back and await further instructions given the significant losses they had suffered today. 
Everything was about gains and benefits for someone like Declan. All his relationships naturally dissolved when there weren’t any benefits for him to gain. 
Wynter never spoke without careful consideration. She suggested going for a walk after finishing her 
noodles. 
Liam didn’t take Wynter too seriously. She could go anywhere she wanted as long as she didn’t head to the back garden. 
Wynter chose to walk around the only exit. She deliberately left Whitley behind to prevent any information. about him from leaking out. 
The wounded cultivator Wynter had released as bait was responsible for the perimeters. She was 
confident that he wouldn’t have seen her. 
Coincidentally, Wynter ran into Tyler and the wounded cultivator when they were walking out. 
Liam panicked at the sight and tried to come up with an explanation. However, Wynter spoke before Liam could even think of an excuse. “Are these the maids who were stealing?” 
“Yes,” Liam went along with Wynter. “It seems that Mr. Quinnell has decided to fire them.” 
Tyler clenched his fist beside him tightly when he recognized Wynter. Declan, that old geezer. He didn’t mention anything about Ms. Quinnell, who had been giving them so much trouble recently by being here. 
Both the master and the saintess had warned them that Wynter jinxed them. Declan had to be getting 
senile! 
Considering that it would not benefit him to get into a conflict with Wynter now, Tyler had decided to just leave quietly. 
The saintess wanted Wynter’s body, and Tyler would ensure it was brought back to the saintess the next time he saw Wynter again. 
Wynter had picked up on something suspicious despite Tyler’s attempt to mask his thoughts. 
Wynter glanced at him nonchalantly and said in a calm tone, “That’s a great decision. A disloyal dog is the 
Chapter 970 Looking down on Wynter Playing a long game fore big catch 
most dangerous.” 
Tyler had never been insulted like that. His lowered eyes gathered an unprecedented killing intent. How dare this bitch call him a dog! 
Knowing that taking any action now would expose him, Tyler could only clench his fist. But when he returned, he vowed to make Wynter pay the price. 
Disrupting the plan that the higher–ups had would be foolish. Since that old geezer Declan refused to cooperate, they would just abandon this pawn! 
Tyler’s resentment toward the Quinnells peaked. As he left, he gave Wynter a final look. His eyes were 
filled with venom and calculation. 
Tyler thought that he had acted well. He believed that Wynter’s disdainful attitude meant she hadn’t seen him through. In reality, Wynter had noted his peculiar gait and had memorized his face. 
Wynter’s skills in criminal investigation had always been top–notch. Furthermore, individuals with poor sketching skills could become top designers. 
Wynter’s strategy to sow discord had worked. She only needed to relay Tyler’s appearance and his manner of walking to the Special Unit now. That would put them in a position to take control. 
Wynter had no intention of capturing Tyler immediately. That wouldn’t result in any significant results. With spies deeply infiltrated in every aspect, they needed to find the source. 
###chapter971
Chapter 971 Wynter Is Finally Taking Action 
Wynter knew she had to wait for the mastermind to make their move before revealing her full strength she acted too soon, the enemy might still have backup plans. 
If 
Even now, the origin of the wooden doll was still unclear. Wynter was worried that there were too many carriers and that the resentment was too strong. Some of them may have escaped and some had been 
chosen. For instance, the Wilson family. 
Wynter didn’t believe these incidents were random. The problem she just thought of reminded her of the Earthbound Formation she had once entered. 
The Foplyans had attempted to infiltrate the school in hopes of influencing the younger generations. They 
might have been employing similar tactics this time, just more discreetly now. 
She had to take this issue more seriously now given that these matters were tied to the Earth’s energy. 
Wynter planned to inform Lucas, who was coming back to Kingbourne, about the current issues. She had to alert Mt. Dragon as well. From the clues that she had gotten so far, it was clear that there were internal 
issues within their rank. 
Wynter retracted her gaze. Her demeanor was completely normal. It was as if she was just taking a leisure stroll after a meal. Only Whitley, who was resting in the room, understood her true intentions. 
From now on, she was the only cultivator left in the mansion. This would mean that she was the only one who could feel Whitley’s aura. Not only could she hide his whereabouts, but this also made it easier for 
her to act. 
Sure enough, the first thing she asked when she went upstairs was, “Any sign of the aura I told you about?” 
Whitley shook his head but added, “It’s strange though. I feel your aura here.” 
“Mine?” Wynter was taken aback. She was sure she had never been in this place before. How was it possible for her aura to be here? 
“Yours,” Whitley affirmed. 
Wynter frowned. She trusted the Savior and Ancient Beasts‘ abilities to detect auras. Wolf represented the ominous energy while Whitley represented the auspicious energy. 
However, she was currently more concerned about locating Wolf. “What about the scent I asked you to follow? Is it gone?” 
Whitley thought for a moment. “It’s still around, but very distant. It’s probably up in the mountains.” 
“Distant? How distant are we talking about?” Wynter found the situation increasingly peculiar. 
Whitley closed his eyes to concentrate. “Not in Kingbourne. The place feels very peaceful.” 
Whitley felt his thoughts becoming jumbled up and he felt a little dazed as he recognized how familiar that place felt. It was as if he had been there multiple times, and he wondered where that place could be. 
Chapter 971 Wynter Is Finally Taking Action 
Wynter noticed that Whitley’s current condition was very similar to Wolf’s 
Wynter had a bold guess. Was it possible that, as long as they were from ancient times, both Saviors and Ancient Beasts had experienced the great calamity described in “The Odyssey? 
Was that why they appeared in their current form now? That could also explain their fragmented memory. 
Having thought this much, Wynter looked at Whitley and asked, “Do you know what you are? Specifically? 
“Me?” Whitley was smart. He could very quickly understand Wynter’s question. “I suspect I’m a turtle.” 
Wynter raised her eyebrows. “Kraken?” 
Whitley nodded. “Possible. I enjoy being in the water. It makes me feel safe. The constant rain recend has made me feel very comfortable.” 
“Do you remember the boy that was with you in the garbage heap? What do you think he is? Wynter glanced at Whitley curiously. 
Whitley took a guess. “A glutton? He could never stop eating. He eats everything and anything he can find. 
“It seems that your perception may not be entirely accurate either,” Wynter said as she stood up, her eyes pale. “Albert is here. He will distract that old geezer. You and I will go and see what’s in the back garden.” Wynter suspected there was more to the place than the cultivator. 
###chapter972
Chapter 972 It’s Also Problematic To Have Too Good of a Fortune 
The night grew darker. 
At first glance, the back garden seemed perfectly normal. At the very least, it appeared ideal from a fortune–telling perspective. It was said that a house facing south with its back to the north would attract 
positive energy. 
However, it was this seemingly perfect setup that masked a significant flaw. 
Every piece of land has its own unique fortune. In this world, it was not just humans that had souls. Every plant and tree had a spirit too. 
People often said that nature was the fairest judge as it would distribute what was deserved to each person. Hence, that was the reason for the saying that you would receive what you give. 
The layout in this back garden had precisely disrupted this balance. Although the fortune of this house was good, it blocked the wind from the east. That would mean that the fortune of the entire villa community would not be able to rise and would remain stuck. 
Wynter carefully surveyed the surroundings. She knew there were surveillance cameras, but had to hack the main system herself now that Wolf wasn’t around. 
The footage displayed in the security room now was of the previous night. 
As for Declan, his attention was currently entirely focused on Albert. For him, nothing was more important than finding a new valuable puppet. 
Declan had underestimated Wynter, and Liam even more so. Liam assumed that Wynter was only interested in leisure. 
His assumptions were evident from Wynter ordering several bottles of wine and playing loud video games. She would also constantly demand snacks. Outsiders would assume that Wynter was the actual heiress, not just a guest. 
“Mr. Miller, what’s going on?” Albert, who was downstairs, timely asked. “You’ve been going upstairs a lot. Is something wrong with Wolcott?” 
Liam scoffed. “It’s not Mr. Jones. If only it was him. It’s Ms. Quinnell. Frankly, Sir Quinnell, you and this Ms. Quinnell…” 
“Liam!” Declan stopped pouring his tea, anger evident on his face. “Who gave you the permission to discuss Wynter?” 
Liam was visibly frightened and immediately fell silent. He had been so frustrated today that he forgot his place. 
Albert turned his gaze to Declan. When Wynter first confided in him
, he was indeed somewhat skeptical Could the great uncle who had always loved them like his own children really be the mastermind behind 
all this? 
Chapter 972 Its Also Problematic To Have Too Good of a Fortune 
Even now, Albert could only see the indulgence in his great uncle’s face when it came to Wynter. But appearances could be deceiving. 
If a servant dared speak ill of Wynter, it spoke volumes about how the master usually conducted himself. 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Quinnell. My bad. I was just concerned about Ms. Quinnell’s eating habits. It’s also quite 
late now.” Liam found an excuse. 
Jolene, with her usual tact, stepped in as a mediator. “It is indeed getting late. Al, it’s easy for Wynter to suffer from indigestion if she eats like this. 
“From my previous interactions with her, she doesn’t seem like the type to keep the butler busy all the time.” Jolene’s words prompted a glance from Declan. 
Albert replied coldly, “She argued with Grandpa. I didn’t even know she came to great uncle. She has been quite stubborn lately. She used to listen to us. But recently… 
Albert’s tone was unable to mask his disappointment.” She’s a bit difficult to figure out.” 
Jolene as the “beacon of purity” surely had to show her compassionate side at this moment. “I’ll talk to Wynter tomorrow. Girls her age are sensitive and tend to overthink. 
“I might understand her better since both she and I come from humble backgrounds. Perhaps Mr. Quinnell Senior has been pushing her too hard.” 
“I told Grandpa the same thing. I told him that once Wynter’s set in her ways, forcing her to do things she’s not good at won’t help. But Grandpa wouldn’t listen.” 
###chapter973
Chapter 973 Albert Sees Through the Deception. 
Albert sighed deeply. “Alright. Let’s stop talking about Wynter. Let’s discuss our own matter.” 
Albert went to great lengths to play along with his sister’s charades. He was doing things he wouldn’t 
have done in normal circumstances. 
“Great uncle, Grandpa always had issues with Jolene. You are the only one who can persuade him and 
that stubborn nature of his.” 
Albert decided against holding Jolene’s hands after some thought. Instead, he only looked at Declan and 
said, “I want to marry Jolene.” 
Jolene was 
so thrilled her heart nearly leaped out of her chest. She almost couldn’t hide the money- 
hungry gleam in her eyes. 
“Al, you finally… Jolene forcibly changed her tone when she noticed Declan’s warning gaze. 
“It will only strain your relationship with Grandpa further if you bring up marriage now. Al, I can wait for you. Don’t let me be the cause of a conflict between you and Grandpa.” 
Albert looked at Jolene deeply. “This isn’t for you. It’s for myself.” However, Albert didn’t say that sentence aloud. He was grateful to Wynter for allowing him to see through all the deception. 
Declan had always cared for them since they were young. Whenever Fabian was strict with them, it had always been him who pleaded on their behalf. 
Albert still remembered the time he almost drowned at the beach. It was Declan who saved him. Ever since then, Albert had always regarded Declan as a hero in his heart. 
But now, seeing the silent exchange between Declan and Jolene, Albert was completely disillusioned. There was no need to make excuses for him anymore. 
The truth was just as Wynter had said. The two not only knew each other but had even conspired to drive a wedge between Declan and Fabian to manipulate him. It was all an act from the start. 
After some reflection, Albert realized that the deeper the love, the stronger the admonishment. Fabian’s tough love was meant to instill discipline. Too much coddling would have spoiled them. 
Albert finally understood that Declan’s action was slowly and subtly rendering them useless. After all that, they still had to feel grateful to him. It was truly a cunning strategy. 
Albert maintained a facade of calm and even gentleness. He was aware that Wynter’s schemes were not 
over yet. 
This convinced Jolene that Albert truly loved her. She believed she had him wrapped around her fingers. Why was Mr. Quinnell Senior even giving her so much pressure back then? The outcome of their schemes seemed quite obvious now. 
“Al,” Jolene said tearfully, “I shouldn’t have left you for my studies. I was too insecure and arrogant back 
then.” 
Chapter 973 Albert Sees Through the Deception 
Albert lowered his gaze. He did not want to look at Jolene at all. His voice was heavy as he said, “It’s not your fault.” 
Albert blamed himself for being so blind and overly attached to the past. 
If his actions had caused Fabian to be unable to find peace during his illness, or if his brothers met tragic ends, or if Wynter died without anyone to claim her body, Albert would never be able to forgive himself. Albert was thankful Wynter had revealed the truth to him.. 
Albert kept his emotions hidden. Declan felt reassured as he listened to Albert and Jolene’s conversation. 
There was a limit to how much a brother indulged his sister. If she was beyond saving, he would 
eventually give up. 
The recent unexpected events had made Declan doubt, but now everything seemed to be going according to his plan. Albert seeking his intervention was the first sign of success. 
“Albert, you know me. Normally, I wouldn’t have interfered with your grandpa’s decisions. But I’ve watched you grow up and I understand you’re sentimental. You would be unhappy for the rest of your life if you were to be forced into a marriage against your will.” 
###chapter974
Chapter 974 Still Putting on the Act Wynter has Already Made her Move 
Declan put down his teacup and said as if he had made an important decision, “I’ll talk to your grandpa. But you need to keep calm and avoid confronting him directly. You should pay more attention to his health. It’s been tough for him these years.” 
“Wynter has just been brought back recently, and there are many matters both at home and outside to handle,” Declan continued casually. “Some shareholders still think Wynter is too young and can’t handle 
things.” 
“You know those uncles of yours. They’ve spent many years navigating the business world. Do you think they would respect Wynter? I doubt it.” Declan sighed, “Your grandpa must be worried about this too. 
“I also want to ask him why he chose to hand over the massive enterprise of the Quinnells to Wynter 
instead of you.” 
Declan patted Albert on the shoulder. “I know it hasn’t been easy for you to be abroad for so many years. You and I are both the most suitable candidates in the Quinnells when it 
comes to business. 
“Putting aside whether you want to lead the Quinnell Group or not, there are so many employees in the group. If everything were handed over to Wynter, she would be overwhelmed. She’s still just a child.” 
On the surface, his words seemed to be for the greater good. But in reality, he was stirring up conflict 
between the Quinnell siblings. 
It was just as he had subtly instigated with Shane before. However, he had overlooked the fact that Albert and Shane were vastly different. 
Since Albert could remember, his mother had been pregnant with twins. She would ask him what he wanted to be when he grew up when she paid attention to him. 
Young Albert only had one wish–he wanted to earn money to support his younger siblings. When Wynter was born, she was an adorable rascal who would giggle whenever they came home. 
Albert felt he needed to make money so his siblings wouldn’t be bullied. 
Albert enjoyed running the company because it allowed his younger brothers to pursue their interests. 
For instance, Albert thought it was great that Tobias loved singing and dancing. Not only was their family wealthy, but they also had him, their eldest brother, to rely on. 
Now, here was Declan telling him all these negative things about his sister, trying to manipulate him. Albert inwardly scoffed. No amount of money or power mattered to him more than the health of his 
siblings. 
Declan assumed his words had sunk in when he noticed how silent Albert was. 
Declan felt confident that everything was under control and that success was certain when he thought Albert had already begun to contemplate. Moreover, he still had a secret ace up his sleeve. 
There were some things so ancient and hidden that even the medium couldn’t detect them. Perhaps if 
the medium had visited Declan, he might have seen through it. But in all these years, the medium had refused to see him. Only the Foplyans had 
Declan had stumbled upon this “ace‘ by chance. As long as he carried the Quinnell’s name, he believed 
nothing could go wrong. 
What Declan didn’t know was that Wynter, whom he had overlooked, had already gone to the back garden 
He also didn’t know that she was well–versed in Arcane Way, and could perceive subtle things that ordinary cultivators couldn’t. 
Moreover, Wynter still had a Savior accompanying her. It was a matter of time before she found the key to the geomantic layout 
“The issue lies with the fish pond.” Wynter raised her eyebrows. “The thing is not here. It’s at the water 
source.” 
Whitley nodded in agreement. Wealthy people often created landscapes in their yards. But the view wasn’t just for aesthetics, they also carried symbolic meanings. 
###chapter975
Chapter 975 Entering the Earthbound Formation Again 
The saying went that if one had water in their landscapes, one should also have a way to allow the gathering of energy. This applied to anything with water, like water wheels or rockeries. The circulation of water had to be maintained. 
Wynter looked inside the fish pond, where three ornamental carp were kept. These carps symbolized the scenery of fish leaping over the dragon gate, which seemed fine at first glance. 
But as Wynter looked further, things seemed suspicious. Wherever the water flowed, it carried a sense of protection with it. 
Wynter raised her gaze toward the outside of the enclosure. She propped her right leg against a tree. trunk, and with a swift movement of her waist chain, she found herself standing on the wall. Her movements displayed professional maneuvers. 
The chain came with a safety cut–off device. She looked down at Whitley. “Follow me.” 
Follow her? The Savior, famous as it was, couldn’t scale the wall that quickly. Whitley was stunned by the sight before him when he managed to land outside the enclosure. 
It was a malicious formation. Not only was it blocking the fortune of the whole area, but it also redirected the turbid elsewhere. 
It meant that the consequences of the evil deeds by Declan were borne by another person, and this person was none other than Fabian. 
As Wynter’s sight followed the direction of the formation, her gaze darkened even further. 
Generally, there were a few rules to follow to receive ancestral protection. One needed to be listed in the family genealogy, and the ancestor’s tablet had to be presented. 
This wasn’t the Quinnell family memorial hall, so how did Declan enjoy such strong protection? 
“That stone doesn’t look right.” Whitley pointed at the bluestone that was on the formation. He repeated what he said previously, “It carries your aura, and… the aura of the dead.” 
The aura of the dead? After death, people transformed into unborn souls, leaving behind certain signs. However, Wynter couldn’t detect any signs of any unborn souls here. It seemed that the Savior was indeed useful: 
“I feel very uneasy.” Whitley’s face paled. Wynter kicked the bluestone away without hesitation after hearing Whitley’s words. 
Whitley wondered to himself. Shouldn’t Wynter have stopped her actions if he was feeling uneasy? 
Efficiency was key for Wynter, Regardless of what came next, she couldn’t let anyone harm her grandpa. like this. 
As the bluestone moved, the sky immediately darkened. 
While others might not have grasped what was happening, Wynter was sensitive enough to notice the 
Chapter 975 Entering the Earthbound Formation Again 
change in her surroundings. She had entered a formation again–the Earthbound Formation. 
What kind of formation would be related to both Wynter and the ancestral protection of the Quinnell family? Wynter didn’t let her guard down. This formation was clearly different from the others. 
22 
There were no souls guiding them, nor any physical items. To break the formation, Wynter had to either 
find the formation master or the carrying the formation master’s last wishes. 
Wynter looked around at the empty space while Whitley wore a bewildered expression. He was trying to figure out where he was and what this place was. 
Whitley was still confused when a distant sound of gunfire echoed. 
“Why is 
there gunfire?” It was obvious that Whitley had never entered a formation before. 
Wynter, who was accustomed to such situations, quickly pushed Whitley aside. There were loud explosions heard as fighter jets flew overhead, dropping bombs. 
Thankfully, Wynter’s push came in time. Otherwise, Whitley, a Savior or not, wouldn’t be anything more than the corpse of a cute little animal. 
Though calmer than most, Whitley was still confused. “Normally, I wouldn’t have touched these switches. 
on my own.” 
Whitley was a Savior, after all. He still managed to win in the lottery, though it was always the small prizes. Carl had always advised him against buying lottery tickets constantly. 
For dangers like this, Whitley usually sensed them in advance and avoided them. 
Wynter stood up and brushed off the dirt from her clothes. She said casually, “You’ll have to get used to it. Since you’ve recognized me as your boss, you’ll encounter many such situations in the future.” 
Just as Wynter said that, a sudden urgency echoed in her ears. “Oh my god! What’s happening over there…. 
###chapter976
Chapter 976 The Travelers Besides Wynter 
“Why are there two more people over there?” A voice shouted loudly amidst the sound of artillery. 
“Stay hidden! I’ll go check it out!” 
Wynter turned toward the voice and saw a male soldier, his face covered in ashes. He quickly dragged both Wynter and Whitley away. 
“Quick! The enemy might launch another cover!” 
und of bombardment at any moment. Come with me and take 
The soldier pulled them forcefully. He was afraid that these two children might not make it out alive if he didn’t. 
Wynter didn’t resist. In fact, she had managed to grab a sniper rifle from the ground as the soldier dragged her along. 
This place clearly had just seen the end of a battle, and the distant sounds of gunfire indicated a possible second wave of attack. 
Wynter had to quickly find the formation master or the forming the Earthbound Formation. Those were the only ways to eliminate the remnant thoughts and break free from this formation. 
The soil around the trenches was crumbling as fighter jets roared overhead. Just as they were about to be hit, the male soldier pushed them aside in the nick of time. 
The explosion nearly left Wynter temporarily deafened. She patted her right ear and saw that Whitley’s 
face was also covered in dirt. 
As they walked further, they entered a place that seemed like a shelter. In reality, it was just a chicken 
coop. 
Whitley was still puzzled when the male soldier moved aside some haystacks, revealing a path down for them. It was similar to the experiences of escape rooms where the players would enter an underground 
area via a ladder. 
The further they went, the darker and more spacious it became. 
Wynter was still observing. She hadn’t gotten a chance to speak when the male soldier lit a torch on the wall. More people in combat uniforms rushed out. 
“Mr. Savidge, are you hurt?” 
“No.” Presley Savidge wiped his face with a white cloth. “The enemy’s counterattacks are regular. Get the chief of staff. Also, make some arrangements for them.” 
A very young soldier straightened up and saluted. He turned to Wynter and Whitley. “Comrades, come 
with me. 
Presley thought Wynter was afraid. “Go with him. It will be alright. We are all soldiers, Zayden here Is around your age.” 
Chapter 976 The Travelers Besides Wynter 
“I’m not as educated as they are.” Zayden Mullins scratched the back of his head shyly. “But young lady, your clothes are similar to theirs. Maybe one of the people inside is from your hometown!” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow when she heard Zayden’s words. “Our clothes are similar?” Did that mean there were others besides her? 
“Yes, but one of them is wearing a traditional Foplyanese outfit. We used to suspect she was an enemy spy, but she insisted she wasn’t and kept crying. The other three from your hometown wouldn’t eat or drink. 
“The chief of staff heard they’re all highly educated students. It would be a great loss to our country if anything were to happen to them,” Zayden explained as they walked. 
They had to duck while passing through underground thresholds. Wynter and Whitley listened to Zayden intently. 
No matter how clever Whitley was, he couldn’t hide his innocence. He blurted out, “Boss, are there others who traveled here like us?” 
“Traveled here? What do you mean by that” Zayden turned back when he heard Whitley. 
Wynter handed Zayden the sniper rifle she had picked up from outside. “I’ll explain later. This suits you 
better.” 
Upon hearing this, Zayden’s dark eyes lit up. Which male soldier wouldn’t like to have a gun in hand? It helped them feel more safe and secure. 
One of the chiefs had said he was too young and only allowed him to stay underground. He was only allowed to go on an ambush when absolutely necessary. 
###chapter977
Chapter 977 More Travelers From the Future 
Not only did Zayden have a gun now, but it was also the most advanced model. Zayden excitedly exclaimed, “This is the enemy’s sniper rifle. It has excellent accuracy and is said to be equipped with night -time silencing and infrared capabilities. 
“I don’t really understand any of it. But… this was the gun that injured the chief of staff last time!” 
Zayden’s excitement waned slightly when he said that. “Luckily, the chief of staff dodged just in time. He only hurt his arm. Young lady, where did you get this gun from?” 
“I picked it up from outside just now. I was thinking that it might be useful for us.” 
Wynter was part of the Special Unit and had carried out border missions. Hence, her understanding of firearms was exceptional. This was thanks to her photographic memory as well. 
Zayden had to confirm with Wynter again, “You are really giving this to me?” 
“Those calluses on your hands prove that you’ve trained a 
.” Wynter looked at Zayden and smiled. 
“A 
good sniper is crucial to any team, but not everyone can be one. 
“Your breathing is steady despite your outgoing personality. You have the potential to be an excellent 
sniper.” 
Other than the chief of staff, Zayden had never told anyone about his desire to be a sniper. This was because he was never quick enough when shooting. 
Compared to the others in his unit, he was younger and often lagged behind. 
Zayden thought about how great it would be if, one day, he could take out the enemy commander from afar with a single shot. Then, they could achieve victory sooner and reclaim all the lost land. 
“I’ll do my best!” Zayden saluted before feeling shy again. “Young lady, here we are.” 
It was obvious that the room was a resting area, and Wynter could hear the sound of crying from within. 
“But comrade, I didn’t say an
###chapter978
Chapter 978 You’re Not Any Better Than Traitors 
“What are you saying?” Kristina glared at him. “Jairo, stop talking if you don’t remember anything. 
Jairo realized that it was inappropriate to talk like this given the situation. He quickly changed his tone.” We’ll win! We’ll definitely win! And we’ll win spectacularly!” 
“Exactly! Foplya surrendered voluntarily. I remember that clearly!” Kristina said enthusiastically. 
Myla’s eyes lit up upon hearing this, and she immediately asked, “Really? Foplya surrendered voluntarily? It’s 1940 now. Will they surrender this year?” 
“Yes! I think?” They realized how little knowledge they had when they actually needed it. They were genuinely unsure about it. 
Phoebe Boyd, the student in a traditional Foplyanese outfit, still remembered a little. “It definitely wasn’t this year. Let me think about it.” Upon hearing that, the hope in Myla’s eyes began to fade. 
Zayden couldn’t stand it anymore and stepped in. His tone was harsh, “How can you not remember? This is such an important event for us! I- I-” Tears were welling up in his eyes. 
Myla patted him. “Don’t make it hard for the civilians.” 
“The chief of staff said that people who go to college are all knowledgeable. They should know everything. Myla, why don’t they know anything!” 
Upon hearing this, another male student, Nico Reid, got angry. “Why should we remember such things so clearly? Come on, what era is it now? Can you stop spreading anxiety? 
“We’re already exhausted from our thesis project. Do we really have to remember things from so long ago? Bro, this is a time of peace, okay? This is so lame.” 
Zayden had trouble understanding Nico’s words. Many of the young soldiers at the time were from rural 
villages. 
They were often orphans who were rescued by the army. Some of them dreamed of wearing the uniform and had fervent and sincere dedication since young. 
“What do you mean?” Zayden asked. 
Nico Reid shouted, “Help! Let me go back! I can’t communicate with you guys. Don’t impose your stuff on us. We’re already under a lot of pressure, okay? You-” 
A sharp, snapping sound was heard. Before Nico could finish, Wynter gave him a hard slap. The sharp sound echoed underground, resonating so intensely that it felt as if their faces were stinging from the 
reverberation. 
era’s 
“Who the fuck do you think you are? How dare you bark around here?” Wynter lifted Nico by his collar as she said that. Her eyes were icy cold. 
“They are the reason you can safely attend your university, sleep, and play games in your dorm without worrying about a bullet hitting your clueless head one day! They bought your safety with their blood!” 
Chapter 978 You’re Not Any Better Than Traitors 
2/2 
Nico was stunned and his face was starting to swell. He clenched his fist, ready to punch her back when 
he regained his senses. 
Myla tried to intervene, fearing they might start a fight. But before Myla had a chance to intervene, Wynter caught Nico’s fist. She squeezed his fist hard, causing Nico to involuntarily lower himself in pain. 
“Times have indeed changed.” Wynter stood there, looking down at Nico with a faint, mocking expression. 
“I might have overestimated you. You’re just a loafer who doesn’t even attend classes properly, cramming at the last minute to avoid failing. 
“You have tattoos on your arms and reek of alcohol. What’s the matter? Can’t pay off your loans and feel the pressure now?” 
“If you can’t speak properly, then shut up.” Wynter’s eyes were as dark as impenetrable fog. “You learned a couple of foreign phrases and got so proud that you forgot who your ancestors were. Who are you to show off here like this?” 
The other students could see that Nico was truly in pain. 
###chapter979
Chapter 979 The Forgotten Battle In 1940 
The people next to Wynter pleaded, “Miss, please let Nico go. He’s just got a foul mouth. He doesn’t mean any harm!” 
“Oh?” Wynter raised an eyebrow. “The way someone speaks reflexively is the truest reflection of their inner thoughts. I don’t care if he means harm or not. If he keeps running his mouth before you guys get to return, I’ll make sure he stays here forever.” 
It was then that the students noticed that Wynter’s attire clearly didn’t belong to this era! 
“Those shoes! Oh my god! Are they limited edition?” Phoebe exclaimed in surprise. Even in this situation, Phoebe was more concerned about whether the shoes were limited edition or not. 
Wynter didn’t expect everyone to have the same values. Otherwise, there wouldn’t be so many twisted criminals or people proud to be homewreckers in this world. 
However, Wynter genuinely despised this type of behavior. Her gaze swept over to Phoebe. “Your makeup style is very popular with the Foplyans. I could send you over to them and buy us some time.” 
Phoebe’s face turned pale instantly. “Miss, you are just like us. We’re all from the future, aren’t we? You should understand that it’s just clothes. We have freedom and democracy in this regard.” 
Wynter’s voice was cold. “It’s not about what you wear. I despise you as a person. Making someone disappear here is very easy.” 
For a moment, both Phoebe and Nico felt a chill run down their spines. They had a gut feeling wasn’t just making empty threats. 
Inter 
And why was Wynter so calm, despite also being a time traveler? Her skills were so incredible that it didn’t seem normal. She seemed about their age, maybe even younger. 
“How can you be so cruel? We’re all from the future!” Phoebe cried out. She looked up at Myla for help. Ms. Cote, she shouldn’t be doing this, right?” 
Myla frowned at the scene. Zayden was so worried that Myla might misunderstand Wynter, whom he just brought in, that he was red with anger. 
Wynter, despite the current situation, just smiled. “Miss, let me be clear. I’ve dealt with so many pretentious people that they could form a circle around your livestream.” 
“You know me?” Phoebe’s eyes widened. 
Wynter looked at Phoebe. “People like you are hardly worth saving to me. But as long as you’re here, the soldiers will protect you.” 
Wynter included Nico as she spoke. “I won’t harm you guys to avoid distracting them, that is if as long as you keep your blabbering mouth shut and stop acting so pretentious” 
Wynter leaned closer to Phoebe. “Otherwise, both of you can forget about going back for the rest of your 
liver 
” 
Chapter 979 The Forgotten Battle in 1940 
Phoebe started trembling with fear. She fell silent and was no longer crying. Nico was still in pain, and his eyes were filled with fear as he looked at Wynter. 
Jairo tried to mediate the situation. His tone was respectful. “Miss, they were indeed wrong, and their mindset definitely needs adjustment. But we just woke up here and are still in shock. We still need time to process everything. 
“We nearly had our ears blown off. We must unite for now.” Jairo smiled. “We should stand united and work together.” 
“Exactly.” Kristina chimed in, clearly worried. “I really hate myself for not remembering more clearly! 1940. What battle was happening in 1940 again?” 
Wynter followed up in response to Kristina’s question, “The Great Regiments War. After this victory, our 
longer just defending, but taking the country gained significant international recognition. We were no longer just defending, but taking the 
offense. 
“Our victory showed all other nations that our great Cascadia is neither afraid nor intimidated. Dare not trample upon Cascadia again, for we are not to be trifled with!” 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter980
Chapter 980 Their Endured Hardship in Exchange of the Best for Us 
Myla couldn’t hide her excitement after hearing Wynter’s words. “Comrade, is everything you said true?” Myla couldn’t help but confirm it again. 
Wynter nodded. “It’s true. They arrived before me. I’m assuming they have told you about future events already.” 
“Yes, yes. Kristina mentioned that Cascadia will have airplanes and cannons more advanced than those outside our country in the future.” Myla laughed. “When our entire unit first saw these students, we were all a bit slow to react. 
“We couldn’t understand some of the things they said. Something about a mouse and a notebook, or going online? They said they time–traveled when they were online. It was all Greek to me. 
“Their attire and appearance indeed look foreign. I initially thought they had returned from studying abroad. 
“When they said they came from the future, we all thought their heads were muddled from the bomb blasts. 
“I talked with them before you came. Even now, I find all this so unbelievable. People can really come from the future!” Myla handed over a sweet potato to Wynter. 
“I got a bit impatient earlier. I didn’t mean to make things difficult for these kids. Comrade, since you know so much, could you tell me more about the details of this battle? I want to prepare the chief of staff better.” 
Wynter glanced at the sweet potato and Myla’s cracked lips. “This offensive campaign is massive, with over 1,800 battles of various scales. As for the details, are we currently facing shortages of water and 
food?” 
“It’s more than just lacking those. The hardest part is the lack of antibiotics,” Myla sighed as she wiped the sweet potato with her sleeve. “Comrade, please have a few bites. I’m not sure how to send you back, but I don’t want you to go hungry.” 
Myla wasn’t just like that toward Wynter. On the makeshift table covered with newspapers, there were also several boxes of canned foods that the soldiers managed to seize. 
Because they came from the future, which symbolized infinite hope, and were students, these soldiers 
would still give them the best despite not having enough to eat themselves. Yet, there were still some who didn’t appreciate it! 
Wynter glanced at Nico, who was huddled in the corner before turning to Myla. “I’m not hungry. You guys should eat. The antibiotic issue can be resolved easily. As for them, they’re not hungry either.” Wynter 
picked up the canned food from the table as she said that. 
Phoebe muttered, “Who says we’re not hungry?” 
Wynter ignored Phoebe for now. She planned to address it later. 
Chapter 980 Their Endured Hardship in Exchange of the Best for Us 
“Take these back with you. I’ll talk to them later about their majors. I’m a medical student. So, feel free to bring any patients to me.” 
“As for antibiotics…” Wynter thought for a moment. “I see a mountain not far from here. I’ll figure out a way to gather some useful herbs tonight.” 
Myla didn’t know how to express her emotions at this point. She simply held Wynter’s hand tightly, repeatedly calling her “Comrade“. 
“Don’t worry. Together, we can solve everything,” Wynter patted Myla’s shoulder. 
Myla was actually in her 40s. She lacked proper nutrition, but she had bright eyes. Just as she was about to say something more, the sound of gunfire from outside interrupted them. 
“I have to go. Zayden, tell the chief of staff what our comrade said.” Myla moved swiftly. She adjusted her military cap and secured her gun at her waist. 
Myla seemed reluctant to leave, and her eyes were fixed on Wynter. She wanted to say more but 
hesitated… 
###chapter981
Chapter 981 Wynter Calmed the Heroic Spirits 
In fact, it wasn’t so much that Myla was looking at Wynter, but rather through her. Myla could see the future they had been fighting for all along through Wynter. 
With a heart attuned to Heaven and Earth, they strived to uplift the lives of all, carrying on the wisdom of the past, and ushering in an era of enduring peace and prosperity. As long as the new Cascadia hadn’t 
árrived, Myla wouldn’t give up. 
Originally, Myla felt a bit disheartened. It wasn’t so much about whether people of the future would 
remember them or not. 
It was the worry that the youths, whom the mentors had high hopes for, might have become complacent 
and reliant on others. 
Was this the future? Were they still being bullied? This would have made her upset. But seeing Wynter now, Myla understood that the youths of the future were doing just fine. 
They had better lives, they were more educated, more capable, and more knowledgeable. They carried an unwavering confidence in Cascadia. 
Seeing that they dressed well, had enough to eat, and everyone had the opportunity to study was more than enough for Myla. A pair of dimples appeared as she smiled. The future was truly wonderful. 
Wynter could understand the meaning behind Myla’s gaze. Just before Myla left, Wynter blurted out,” August 15, 1945. That’s the day Foplya announced their unconditional surrender. 
“There are still five years to go. It’s now the latter half of 1940. In less than ten days, we will soon achieve a great victory in this battle.” 
“Five more years…” Myla lowered her eyes before looking at Zayden. “Zayden will live to see that day. By then, he can go to school like all of you, and he’ll have clean clothes to wear,” 
Wynter gazed deeply at her. “He will.” 
Myla had no more regrets as she left decisively. The sound of gunfire outside was relentless. No one could guarantee they would return once they stepped out, but everyone was resolute because they held the highest beliefs. 
The underground rest area quieted down considerably after Myla’s departure. 
Not wanting the awkwardness to continue, Jairo offered sincerely, “Miss, are you really a medical 
student? You could team up with my friend. She studies nursing, right, Kristina?” 
Kristina nodded vigorously. “Yes, I can help. But it’s tough without antibiotics.” 
Wynter glanced at them and accepted their goodwill. “Do you know how to start a fire and boil medicine?” 
“Uh…” Jairo hesitated for a moment. “Sure, I guess. I often cook instant noodles in the dorm.” 
Wynter picked up a knife from the table. “You start the fire. Kristina, see what you can handle when 
patients come. Use the alcohol from the confiscated foreign liquor for disinfection where you can. 
Chapter 981 Wynter Calmed the Heroic Spirits 
“Disinfect with foreign liquor? I’m not sure about the dosage…” Kristina hesitated. 
Wynter’s voice was calm. “This is a special circumstance. Handle the wounds as well as you can. For the ones you’re uncertain about, wait for me.” 
Wynter glanced at the Savior who was standing in the corner as she spoke. She walked over to him and whispered, “Can you spare us some blood?” 
Whitley smiled brightly. “Of course. I’m happy to help.” 
Wynter swiftly drew three drops of Whitley’s blood, which soaked into the ground with a touch of her 
Arcane Way. 
Regular people couldn’t use the Savior’s blood, but it would bless the land with fortune when absorbed by it. It would make the war more favorable for them and appease the heroic spirits who had sacrificed 
themselves. 
Nico, who had been reprimanded by Wynter, was still resentful but didn’t dare confront her directly anymore. He could only quietly complain to Jairo. 
“Are you really going to listen to her? Don’t you think she’s a bit strange? She’s too calm about all this. She’s not even curious about how she ended up traveling here.” 
###chapter982
Chapter 982 This Earthbound Formation Is Different 
“Shut up already.” Jairo was still trying to figure out how to get a fire started. 
Nico was still in pain but continued, “I’m just advising you. Remember how scared we were when we first got here? It was barely an hour ago, and they almost thought we were spies with all those questions. 
“But look at her. She just arrived. Yet, she isn’t scared at all. She doesn’t even look like she’s worried about the possibility of never getting back. She is even planning to gather herbs on the mountain while giving orders. 
“Wake up, bro. This is war. It’s just a part of history. We can’t change history, can we? Why does she have to act like we’re supposed to do something about it? This isn’t something we should bother about. There’s clearly something off about her!” 
Upon hearing this, Jairo finally lost his patience. He threw down what he was holding. “You’re the one with a problem! Don’t you seem like a spy? Not being able to answer those questions just now was embarrassing enough. 
“Bro, you’re a man too. If you don’t have the guts, then shut up. I am more than happy to travel back to this 
period and contribute! We’re not the same!” 
Nico was taken aback. He couldn’t understand why someone who had always seemed so timid suddenly 
erupted in anger. 
The commotion caught Wynter’s attention. She had just finished seeking spiritual guidance and was still holding the knife. 
She approached Nico and said in an icy voice, “One more word from you and I’ll cut off your tongue.” 
Nico was genuinely scared. He hadn’t expected to be caught causing trouble behind the scenes. He braced his hands on the ground and scooted back. 
Wynter couldn’t kill humans from outside the formation, especially since they came from the future. This Earthbound Formation was indeed very different. 
Usually, Earthbound Formations were created by the remnant thoughts of unborn souls which gradually formed over time. 
Although it was very dangerous, as long as one didn’t enter it, there would be no harm. The formation wouldn’t have a strong connection to the real world unless there was a specific cause or effect. 
to bled into 
the formation by accident. 
However, it was obvious that these few people seemed to have Judging by their condition, they were dragged in while they were 
relaxing. 
After all, the heart of the formation was located in the back garden of Declan’s villa. This raised a few questions. 
Firstly, why was this Earthbound Formation connected to the parallel real world? How did these people get pulled in? Who chose them to enter, and what was the purpose behind it? 
Chapter 982 This Earthbound Formation Is Different 
Wynter’s concerns stemmed from the danger the Earthbound Formation would impose if it developed to the point where it could willingly pull people in at any time. This could pose a great danger to people in 
the real world. 
All of this was connected to the secrets Declan was hiding. 
Wynter stepped closer to Nico and looked him in the eye as she pondered on. “However, there’s one thing you got right. I am indeed different from you. 
“The reason I remained so calm is because you were pulled in, while I entered voluntarily. If you still want to go back, I’m the only one who can make that happen.” 
“Nico, you’ll be stuck here for the rest of your life as a sitting duck if I die or if something happens to me.” 
Nico and Phoebe exchanged worried glances. They didn’t want to stay in this dreadful place. 
Who would want to live underground while drinking murky water? They were used to drinking imported bottled water from Frenda, after all. 
“Miss, no, I mean, young lady! My mouth really deserves a slap!” Nico slapped himself, trying to curry favor with Wynter. “I knew you were different, young lady.” 
###chapter983
Chapter 983 Stewart Zola 
“Yeah. I also think you have exceptional temperament,” Phoebe said with a smile. “Young lady, it was all a misunderstanding earlier. There are only a few of us who came, but we’ll do whatever you ask us to do!” 
Wynter glanced at Phoebe. “I told you to shut up. Don’t speak ” 
Phoebe fell silent immediately. Wynter’s firm approach effectively subdued those who were more 
concerned with their own survival. 
Wynter handed the knife she was holding to Jairo. “Heat the blade until it glows red. While I’m gone, you’ll 
assist Kristina.” 
“Got it!” Jairo replied. He was unsure why he found himself subconsciously following Wynter’s orders 
despite her looking younger compared to them. 
Wynter then turned to Kristina. “Believe in yourself. You can do this.” 
Kristina initially felt uncertain about her own professional competence. 
Despite having some clinical knowledge, she hadn’t even become a management trainee yet. That was 
why she claimed to have studied nursing. But now, Kristina wanted to give it a try! 
What if she could save one more martyr? Wynter prepared to leave after giving instructions. 
Nico who was nearby became nervous. “Young lady, it’s dangerous outside. Are you really going to gather herbs? What if there are enemy soldiers? The bombing hasn’t stopped. 
“If you need medicine to treat them, tell them to go gather the herbs themselves. You’re the only medical student here. If something happens to you, what will they do?” 
In reality, Nico was more concerned about himself. He was still counting on Wynter to get him out. 
This time, Wynter remained silent. A swooshing sound was heard. 
A silver needle streaked across Nico’s cheek, embedding itself heavily into the earthen wall behind him, causing it to crack instantly: Nico was so startled he fell to his knees with blood streaming from his face. 
Wynter’s voice was indifferent. “There are no antibiotics here. It would be simple for me to kill you. A minor injury, a bacterial infection, or pus formation, followed by a series of symptoms such as high fever. Do you want to live, or do you want to keep babbling nonsense like earlier?” 
Nico covered his mouth while shaking his head frantically, indicating he wouldn’t say another word. 
Phoebe was no longer jumping around as she assisted Jairo in starting the fire. They needed something to ignite it, so they grabbed some newspapers from the stone table. 
It was during this action that Wynter noticed a headline in one of the newspapers. She had seen the Youth Daily in her previous encounter with the formation. As a newspaper that transmitted messages, it always had its unique code. 
However, what caught Wynter’s attention wasn’t the code, but rather the headline itself. Stewart Zola, her 
Chapter 983 Stewart Zola 
great–great grandpa’s pen name. The headline was written by Gordon Quinnell! 
The headline read, “Seeking for Lost Family“. 
Wynter picked up the newspaper, smoothed it out, and carefully examined the words and the photo beneath the headline. 
2/2 
Although it said “Seeking for Lost Family“, it didn’t convey that exact meaning. Instead, it seemed to be transmitting some important message. 
Wynter knew her great–great grandpa wouldn’t do something without purpose. She knew this having 
interacted with him during her previous encounter with the formation. 
“In the past, my granddaughter and I used to drink and listen to music on nights with a full moon. 
“I don’t know where my granddaughter is now. She told me she dreamt while studying abroad. In her dream, our country was prosperous with airplanes and agriculture. 
“Today, if my granddaughter sees this message, please contact me urgently. I also want to inform all youths that the future we desire will surely come. 
“May we live long and share the beauty of the moon together. 
“I can only leave my heartfelt longing behind. I hope my granddaughter can see it after my death.” 
###chapter984
Chapter 984 Mansion 
Wynter clenched the newspaper, and her eyes darkened slightly. Her great–great–grandpa had left something for her. 
During her previous encounter with the formation, she had mentioned to Gordon Quinnell that she was 
from the future. Therefore, whatever he referred to was likely in the present world. 
What puzzled Wynter was why Fabian had never mentioned anything about this if her great–great–grandpa 
did leave something for her. 
Although Fabian had shown her some family heirlooms and Gordon’s belongings, there had been nothing specifically meant for her. 
Out of nowhere, Wynter suddenly had a thought. The Earthbound Formation could be related to Gordon. 
Every item within the formation was there for a reason. 
Additionally, the Earthbound Formation’s entrance was located near Declan, who had always been under 
the family’s ancestral protection. With this realization, Wynter carefully put away the newspaper, 
The others around Wynter didn’t understand why she treasured a piece of newspaper so much. But those 
who were scared remained silent, while those who had tasks to finish continued their work. 
Though there was no signal in the Earthbound Formation, a smartphone was still incredibly useful as a 
camera. 
Wynter’s trip to the mountain had another purpose besides gathering herbs. She needed to gather some intelligence. She planned to take the Savior with her. 
Zayden was very worried when they were prepared to leave. “Young lady, let me go with you. The enemy 
might come this way.” 
“No need,” Wynter replied as she skillfully tucked a gun into her waistband. “Stay here and keep an eye on them, especially those two. If they show any signs of trouble, knock them out.” 
Zayden was taken aback when he saw Wynter deftly assemble and disassemble the gun. She seemed 
even more skilled than him. 
Wynter carried a bag filled with clothes she had taken from Phoebe. Zayden didn’t understand what Wynter was trying to do, and she had left too quickly. 
The enemies had concentrated their attacks in the mountain’s direction. However, Wynter avoided 
danger with ease with her professional movements, 
Whitley, who was following her, was also rather uncanny. It seemed as if the bullets inexplicably just 
couldn’t hit him. 
Nevertheless, things are starting to seem more optimistic. There were finally people who could tend to 
the wounded. 
Zayden didn’t stay idle either. With Myla absent, he had to take even greater care of these logistical tasks. 
Chapter 984 Mansion 
12 
Wynter checked her phone’s battery after passing the firing zone. It was at 70%, which was enough. 
Whitley seemed to sense Wynter’s concerns and said, “Judging by the scent I picked up in the plaza, the 
I 
person who took Wolf didn’t have malicious intent. They seemed to be like me–a Savior.” 
A Savior took Wolf? Wynter’s gaze was unreadable, but her worries had indeed lessened significantly. 
Wynter wanted to focus on the task at hand. Since she had already entered the formation, she wanted to 
solve her current problems first. “Let’s go to a higher ground.” 
Wynter observed her surroundings before supporting herself up from the ground. 
Meanwhile, outside the Earthbound Formation… 
Instead of a mansion, it better resembled a relic that no one dared to visit. It was located deep within 
Mount Etna. 
Everyone knew about Mount Etna from a few rescue news stories. The mountain was shrouded in mist due to its unique geographical location. 
Moreover, the deeper one went, the more damp and eerie it became. It was pitch black with no sunlight. 
It was possible to be very close to the edge of the forest, but once inside, people would inexplicably lose their sense of direction. 
Additionally, the drastic temperature changes due to the special environment could cause a person to experience hypothermia once they entered. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Run
###chapter985
Chapter 985 About Dalton Yarwood 
The strangest thing about Mount Etna was that even if one shouted from one end, those on the other end. wouldn’t hear them. 
The periphery of Mount Etna only got electricity in 2017, and even professional adventurers were daunted by its challenges. 
In addition, the forest was home to leeches, poisonous insects, pythons, black bears, and persistent wicked energy. 
Consequently, despite numerous legends surrounding Mount Etna, no one dared to venture into its depths. 
The most famous tale was that of the Lincoln family’s treasure. It was said that the countless treasures of gold and silver were hidden underground in his residence. 
The mansion’s courtyard also supposedly held mysterious patterns, possibly indicating the treasure’s location. 
All of this, however, had never been verified.. 
Historical records were more reliable. Archaeological findings indicated that the area was once a multi- ethnic state known as the ancient Aplana Kingdom. However, due to the challenging terrain, few ventured into the area over the centuries. 
If the forest rangers on the outskirts saw a man approaching the mountain dressed in a suit, they would definitely stop him and give him a stern warning. After all, entering there could be a death sentence! 
The calls of crows could be heard as they flew overhead. They seemed to be guiding the way. The man walked unhurriedly, sending a few messages before entering the mountain. 
However, he received no reply. He wasn’t sure what the other person was preoccupied with, and the lack. of reply made him raise an eyebrow. But he had said what needed to be said. 
The man knew that someone’s anxiety would spike if they realized Wolf was missing. “I’ve taken Wolf to the mountains. Kaspar Stavius mentioned a way to heal him.” His message was meticulously crafted. 
The man opened a black umbrella after pocketing his phone. The bracelet on his wrist stood out, though it no longer served him. He only needed one more soul to achieve soul–body unity. 
The monks had always been overconfident in their abilities, believing they could trap him. 
The man was pale and even coughing occasionally. He looked as if he could die at any moment. Yet, his striking looks often made people forget this. 
Hidden malevolent spirits in the mountain began to stir as they sensed his presence. They had gone without prey for a long time and were eager for a meal. 
This “weakling” wasn’t going to live long anyway. He might as well serve as an appetizer for them! 
Malevolent spirits loved devouring souls, but they were certainly foolish. They had been confined to this 
Chapter 985 About Dalton Yarwood 
small plot of land, unable to go out for too long. They failed to recognize the crows in the sky. 
The malevolent spirits extended their black claws and lunged at Dalton Yarwood. However, at the next second, a few of them froze mid–air, their faces contorted in agony as if their insides were being torn 
apart. 
Dalton merely glanced at them, his empty eyes betraying no emotion. He looked out of place in the forest as he stood tall in his finely tailored suit, but the malevolent spirits were paled from horror. 
It wasn’t just the few who charged forward. Even those hiding in the shadows couldn’t help but kneel to the ground. That was the suppression from the deepest bloodline. They dared not even move. 
Declan’s indifferent gaze swept over them. A malevolent spirit trembled while whispering, “How could it be that lord! Why has he returned?” 
“That lord? Who? Is he stronger than the king?” A new malevolent spirit was confused. 
“The king can only kneel when he sees him. Haven’t you noticed that no one dares to go to the part of the mountain with the most spiritual energy? That’s where he resides.” 
Would anyone else dare? There was simply no way to get out alive. 
Declan continued walking. The black umbrella shielded him, making him exude a cold, noble air. Wherever he went, wicked energy obediently dispersed. 
Chapter 98% Mount Etna 
###chapter986
Chapter 986 Mount Etna 
As they ventured deeper into the area filled with spiritual energy, a crow perched on a branch and let out 
two loud cows. 
Its caws pierced through the mist, echoing across the entire Mount Etna as if announcing to all the 
unborn souls that their true master had returned. 
A certain malevolent spirit had reported the news to its king, who was now pacing anxiously. 
“Has the master truly returned? Did the master mention why he’s back? 
“Go! Gather all the root herbs that were grown on the mountain and offer them to the master! 
“No, wait. The master doesn’t particularly like root herbs…” 
The reporting malevolent spirit, seeing its leader’s panic, tried to guess. “Perhaps the master only came 
back to take a look. Chaos is with him, you know.” 
Chaos? Who wouldn’t know Chaos? Back then, he was almost devoured by Chaos! 
“Lord Chaos loves root herbs and truffles. Send them! Send as many as we have! We mustn’t let Lord 
Chaos go hungry!” 
That was the plan, but who would go? Who dared to deliver them? 
Before long, another malevolent spirit came to report. “The master seems to have brought Lord Chaos. 
here for healing.” 
As much as Mount Etna was filled with wicked energy, it was also rich in spiritual energy. 
Dalton had assessed Wolf’s condition. It wasn’t dire enough for him to lose his sanity completely Especially with Dalton around, Chaos wouldn’t bring about the end of the world. Such talk was mere 
nonsense. 
Dalton placed Wolf, who had already sprouted ears and a tail, into a mist–covered pool of water. He then 
glanced at his phone, which still hadn’t received any notifications. 
A crow hurriedly swooped down, flapping its wings. “There’s no signal in the mountains. Ms. Quinnell 
must have already responded. It’s just that you can’t receive her message here.” What a pathetic weak. 
crow 
Dalton didn’t react, but as he walked into the hall, he suddenly furrowed his brows. “She entered the 
formation again.” 
“Who? Ms. Quinnell?” The crow was equally surprised. How had she entered the formation again? It was a formation that even the master could sense was no easy puzzle to solve! 
Wynter also felt the complexity of this formation. She couldn’t detect any trace of aura to deduce the key to unraveling it. The only clue she had was the newspaper in her hand. 
Could resolving the remorse of her ancestors be the key to breaking the formation? But why did it have to 
Chapter 996 Mount Etna 
be on the battlefield? Wynter had asked herself this countless times while gathering herbs. 
“Take these three herbs back,” Wynter instructed, handing the package to Whitley. 
2/2 
“The first type can reduce inflammation. The second one is antibacterial.” Wynter tore a corner off the newspaper and wrote down the proportions. “Have Kristina follow this prescription.” 
Whitley understood her intentions. “You’re going to investigate over there?” 
“Exactly.” Wynter grabbed a traditional Foplyanese outfit. 
Whitley clutched her sleeve. “Boss, let me go with you.” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “Why?” 
“I just feel uneasy. I think this place was once inhabited by cultivators. I can sense their presence.” Whitley’s grip tightened as he added, “It’s as if they all vanished suddenly. Like they were protecting the people on the other side of the mountain.” 
Wynter wasn’t surprised. Arcane Way had traditions of martial and medicinal cultivation. Particularly during times of crisis, they couldn’t bear to see the country in ruins and took up arms to fight. 
During chaotic times, fortune tellers shut their doors to avoid disasters, while mediums ventured out to save the world. But the Savior said they all suddenly disappeared, which was odd. 
Logically, now was the time for a proactive offensive, unlike the early days of bombardment when people. had no power to resist. So why did the mediums who descended from the mountains vanish all at once? 
###chapter987
Chapter 987 Complicated 
Wynter knew the situation was more complicated than it seemed. 
When the Savior expressed unease, it surely signified something ominous. She wasn’t stubbornly insisting 
on going alone, but the herbs had to be delivered. 
Firstly, many of the wounded were waiting for antibiotics, and some injuries couldn’t afford the delay. 
Secondly, carrying the herbs would hinder her disguise. 
After some thought, Wynter pulled out the purple sugilite pendant. Instantly, the twins appeared. Carol, who was still intimidating despite her soft and respectful tone, asked, “Master, what are your orders?” 
Wynter explained the task of delivering the herbs to them. 
Dora, hiding behind Carol timidly, expressed her fear. “Master, I’m afraid we can’t complete it. What if they 
are afraid of us?” 
“Go find Zayden and tell him you’re with me. Don’t worry, the soldiers won’t be afraid of you,” Wynter reassured, 
pinching Dora’s cheek. “You’ve said it yourself–only those who have done bad things will fear 
you. 
“Yes, you’re right!” Dora, clutching the package, promised, “I promise we will complete the task!” 
Wynter smiled gently. “Good. Now go ahead.” 
Just as she was about to leave, Carol suddenly seemed to shift. Without warning, her eyes filled with black mist. It was resentment–a deep–seated malice capable of driving unborn souls insane! 
Luckily, Wynter noticed it in time. Her brow furrowed as she reached out, using the Epoch Collection along with her blood energy and fortune. 
Carol could feel someone calming her and knew that Wynter was using her blood energy and fortune to help her. With her head bowed, she whispered, “I’m sorry, master.” 
“You wouldn’t act like this out of nowhere. Tell me, what’s going on?” Wynter asked, not blaming them. 
After all, they were just children, and Carol was always so well–behaved. 
“It’s his aura!” Carol struggled to describe it. “I’m sure of it! But why is he here? Isn’t this the Earthbound 
Formation? 
“Dora couldn’t reincarnate because of him. He used us to hurt others! But he never entered our 
Earthbound Formation. How can he be here now?” 
Carol asked worriedly, “Is he after you, master? Is he targeting you because Dora and I no longer obey 
him?” 
A child’s thoughts were straightforward -when they sensed danger, they worried about the person who 
had been kind to them. 
Wynter’s gaze darkened at this moment. “He has entered this Earthbound Formation?” 
Chapter 987 Complicated 
“It must be him!” Carol said anxiously, fearing that Wynter wouldn’t believe her. 
In fact, Wynter believed Carol. The stronger an Earthbound Formation, the more ways its formation master had to counteract cultivators. 
They wouldn’t allow someone with such high cultivation to enter, as it would disrupt the balance of the Earthbound Formation. 
This formation selected its members carefully, usually young people, which aligned with what the ancestors mentioned in the newspaper. Had the mastermind been brought into the formation now? 
Wynter didn’t think so. She suspected more that the person in this Earthbound Formation was someone she had encountered before! 
At the realization, Wynter turned to Whitley. “Can you trace the troubling aura?” 
Whitley nodded, and Wynter’s eyes brightened. Regardless of who the person was, she wanted to meet them because this time, she had the leverage. 
After all, he had never seen her face and would have his guard down. 
But perhaps she had seen him in this world. Moreover, with so many mediums deceased, Wynter believed it was connected to this person.. 
###chapter988
Chapter 988 Everyone Is Making an Effort 
Til find him,” Wynter said as she looked at the disheveled spirit of Carol, reaching out to ruffle her hair.” You and Dora go deliver the herbs.” 
“Even though this is just the Earthbound Formation, the souls inside are heroic spirits. Helping them resolve their remorse is something I believe both you and Dora want to do. 
“Leave the rest to me. I’ll find out who he is and bring him to you.” 
Carol’s spirit had been soothed, and though resentment still lingered, she would heed Wynter’s words and 
take it as the most important task. 
This was how spirit companions responded once they were bound. Other lost souls might resent being 
controlled by a cultivator, but Carol and Dora were willing because Wynter took care of them. 
If they couldn’t even handle the simple task of delivering herbs, they would be useless to her. 
The twins exchanged a look and obediently nodded. In their true spirit form, they didn’t have much 
strength, so they used their resentment to help. 
Despite their well–behaved appearance, they were infamous among malevolent spirits before they met 
Wynter. 
Wherever they went, they would evoke the deepest fears in people, especially those with guilty consciences, amplifying that fear infinitely 
Delivering the herbs was indeed easy for the twins, but figuring out how to hand them over without scaring the recipient or affecting their fortune was a bit trick 
When they arrived, they happened to see all the students there. 
Before they could follow Wynter’s instructions to find the soldier named Zayden, one of the male students suddenly shouted, “W- what’s that over there?” 
“What?” Zayden, who was helping with bandages, looked up at the sound. 
The student’s lips were trembling. “Don’t you see them? There’s a little girl with white eyes and the other is smiling eerily.” 
The twins knew he was talking about them. Dora explained, “I’m not eerie!” 
Carol comforted her, “He’s not a good person. He saw what we looked like when we died.” 
Just as Dora was about to ask what to do next, Zayden walked over. His sleeves were a bit torn, and he 
was holding a gun in one hand. 
The student was now so scared he could barely stand and was clinging to Jairo beside him. 
Jairo was confused and concerned about his friend’s sudden behavior. “What are you talking about? 
There are no little girls here.” 
Chapter 980 Everyone is Making an Effort 
2/2 
“I’m not making it up! I really saw them! They haven’t left!” The student’s face was pale with fear. He clung to Jairo even tighter, pushing him forward as if for protection. 
Kristina noticed his genuine fear and said, “This is a battlefield. It might be some children with no home to return to. Let’s go check. I’ve heard stories from the older generation about kids who died during the 
wars. 
“They went without food for a long time and had no proper burial. They couldn’t reincarnate and would approach people, not out of malice but just wanting something to eat.” 
“No! Stay away!” 
The student was too terrified to listen. He kept backing away and almost collided with a wounded soldier. If Jairo hadn’t pushed him aside in time, the bandaging would have been undone. 
Seeing this, the twins furrowed their brows and decided not to approach any further. They didn’t want to cause unnecessary panic or trouble for the soldiers. 
However, they still needed to deliver the herbs and pass on Wynter’s message. 
Chapter 559 Who On Earth | 
###chapter989
Chapter 989 Who On Earth Is She 
While the twins stood flustered, Zayden pondered for a moment before turning to the student. “Where did you see them? Are they nearby?” 
Suppressing his inner horror, Nico softly replied, “Just a little bit further.” 
Zayden stretched his hand out in the direction the student indicated. As his hand touched Carol, he witnessed the twins materialize before his eyes. In particular, Dora seemed fearful of him as she looked at him meekly. 
At that moment, Zayden recalled Myla’s assertion that ghosts didn’t exist and that it was their own guilt deceiving them into believing 
But Zayden wasn’t concerned with the notion. Growing up in the village, he had heard various stories from his household. To him, both ghosts and humans were children of Cascadia. 
Zayden wondered if his sister would have been the same age as the twins if she were still around. Since 
his arrival in that place, he rarely had relatives visit. 
However, he often found himself dreaming of his sister, only to wake up to the deafening echoes of 
cannons and gunfire. 
“Don’t be afraid. Are you hungry? Let me see if there’s any canned food left,” Zayden comforted the twins 
as he turned to search for food. 
Standing still, Carol called out to him, “Please wait, Mr. Zayden. We’re not asking for food.” 
Zayden stopped in his tracks and looked at Carol in confusion. “You’re not looking for food? Then what are you doing here?” 
Carol emptied out a stash of herbs and explained, “Master told us to give you these. Some of these herbs. function as antibiotics, while others serve as painkillers. 
“Here’s a list of prescriptions. Master said as long as Ms. Kristina follows this list, the medicine should 
work just fine.” 
Kristina was stunned to hear her name mentioned, and the others clearly heard Carol’s instruction. 
“By ‘Master‘, do you mean the lady who came here with us?” Jenson was the first to draw the inference and questioned. 
Dora nodded in response. Realizing that some couldn’t see her, she vocally expressed her confirmation Her solemn and eerie tone contrasted to her youthful appearance. 
Nico instantly felt shivers running down his spines. After the incident with Wynter, he no longer dared to 
cause any trouble. 
When he learned that Wynter had the power to command the ghosts, he was completely stupefied and 
cowered in fear. 
Upon hearing Carol’s explanation, Zayden hurriedly gathered the herbs and urged Kristina to prepare the 
Chapter 989 Who On Earth is She 
medicine. 
He had never doubted Wynter, especially since she gave him a weapon. After all, anyone offering a weapon on the battlefield was undoubtedly trustworthy. 
the 21st 
2/2 
However, the young students were lost in thoughts. Born in century, they were taught to dismiss. any supernatural notions. 
Yet, they didn’t expect to encounter someone who could truly command ghosts. Such revelation had overturned their materialistic beliefs, leaving them mystified. 
Jairo muttered as he started the fire, “Am I dreaming? Just who on earth is that lady? Am I incapable of restoring my spiritual energy? 
“Oh my god, all of this is blowing my mind! I’ve only read about such things in stories. I never imagined experiencing them firsthand.” 
He considered slapping himself to clear his mind, but it proved to be futile since he first arrived. 
Kristina appeared much calmer than Jairo, though her eyes were sparkling with excitement as she studied the prescription. 
“There’s no room for doubt when you’re actually in the past. Isn’t this fascinating? To think that lady can command ghosts! I’m sure she’s great at fortune telling too. 
“I used to pray for good grades and even got lucky bracelets. Oh, why didn’t I meet someone as powerful as her sooner?” Kristina b
###chapter990
Chapter 990A Weird Formation 
“Is that important?” Jairo was left speechless by Kristina’s outburst. He couldn’t fathom the machinations 
of a girl’s mind. 
“Of course it’s important! Oh, I really want to meet her in real life. Once she returns, I’m going to ask for her number! And did you know she can accurately determine the ratios for each medical herb? 
“She’s brilliant! Even our professors couldn’t match her. She must be one of the medical elites!” Kristina exclaimed. Her admiration for Wynter had reached new heights. 
However, Phoebe was irked by Kristina’s compliments and retorted, “If she’s really as powerful as you claim, why is she doing things in secret? 
“Everyone else introduced themselves when we first arrived here, but she just criticized us and disappeared. Do you honestly think that someone with the power to command ghosts is good?” 
Despite her complaints, Phoebe didn’t dare to confront Wynter head–on. Instead, she voiced her derision behind Wynter’s back. 
*I bet she’s too scared to show her face in real life. That’s why she’s acting so high and mighty here.” 
After a brief pause, Phoebe changed the subject. “Now that we’ve attained the herbs, let’s prepare the medicine to treat the soldiers. I want to help too.” 
Kristina and Jairo exchanged glances in silence. They were aware that Phoebe wanted to raise her own reputation with Wynter’s herbs. Thus, instead of accepting Phoebe’s help, they treated the wounded soldiers themselves. 
The prescription provided was written in great detail, which included the effective use of each medical herb. For the injured soldiers, the medicine prepared from the herbs proved to be a lifesaver. 
As Zayden helped with the treatment, he realized that Wynter had yet to return. He turned to the twins and asked anxiously, “Where did the young lady go?” 
“Master has things to attend to,” Carol replied as she shot a spiteful glance at Phoebe. 
Wynter had advised the twins to suppress their resentments within the Earthbound Formation. One reason was to activate the formation, while the other was the fear of discovery by the formation master, who could either obliterate them or drive them away. 
After all, the formation master held significant power in the Earthbound Formations. 
However, the twins didn’t expect to hear Phoebe’s scorn for Wynter. Furious, they were even willing to show her a dreadful nightmare. 
Upon noticing Carol’s resentment surging. Dora gently patted her sister’s hand and comforted her. Master told us to wait for her, Carol. She said we have to look out for each other.” 
Upon hearing that, Carol slowly calmed down. Dora was right. She mustn’t be consumed by her resentment, lest she harm Wynter. 
Strangely, the twins couldn’t help feeling their resentment intensify since stepping into the Earthbound 
Formation. 
They wondered if it was due to the bloody battlefield, where innocent souls laid unrested and personal burdens weighed heavily. Or… was it because of someone’s presence? 
The twins were uncertain, but one thing was clear–they mustn’t trouble Wynter or inflict harm upon her. 
As long as they didn’t fall into darkness and performed good deeds, Wynter would never have to bear their personal burdens. That was all they needed to know and believe. 
As for the malevolent souls lingering around, it was probably best to steer clear of them. 
“We should follow Mr. Zayden. He helps soothe our resentments,” Dora suggested based on her instincts. 
True to Wynter’s words, Zayden never showed his fear or disgust in their presence. Instead, he was worried about their well–being. To him, the twins were no different from any human children. Unbeknownst to Wynter, she had made the right decision by sending the twins to Zayden’s side. 
###chapter991
Chapter 991 Nested Formation 
That thought dawned on Wynter as she headed toward the mountains. Within this formation, one would 
have to face their own personal burdens and various anomalies. Only heroic spirits were able to suppress 
these anomalies. 
There was a popular saying on the Internet–if one ever found themselves spooked at night while away 
from home, worried that they’d bump into evil spirits, Martyr Graveyard was the place to go. Any evil spirit would pause before the gates. 
When they were still alive, the heroic spirits protected commoners during wartime. They continued to do. 
so even after death. 
As long as the heroic spirits were armed, there would be no enemies wherever they were. 
Wynter was staring at an anomaly. Then, her gaze fell on Whitley. “You doing okay?” 
“It doesn’t affect me.” He was rather direct. “But I’m worried that it’ll affect you. Humans have their seven 
deadly sins. If they lure your dark side out, I fear that we’ll be trapped in the formation” 
Wynter took pictures of the terrain and enemy troops. She smirked. “A question has been lingering in my 
mind before you said that. 
“I felt there was something off about this Earthbound Formation. There is another formation here as well- 
I think we’ve encountered a Nested Formation.” 
“Nested Formation?” Whitley was slightly confused. 
He had a sharp mind, and he knew he was no normal person. Yet, he had no clue about formations. 
Wynter’s gaze fixated. “When two or more people share remorse over the same matter, a Nested 
Formation is created. 
“The situation is much more complex now, as someone from the Foplyan troops has cast a spell. You 
should have sensed enough ominous energy to know what’s happening there.” 
Clouds of black mist have shrouded the enemy troop’s camp.” As a Savior, Whitley was able to see 
things from a great distance. He was perplexed by what he was seeing. “What are they doing?” 
Wynter dipped a maple leaf in water and swiped it before her eyes. “Someone’s forging souls, thus absorbing our fortune,” she muttered icily as she stood back up. 
Whitley widened his eyes in shock. From her words, one thing was clear–he was being hunted. 
Before coming here, Wynter had told him that every country had their own Saviors. More Saviors meant more fortune. These contributed to a flourishing country. 
Some things never changed, especially for the Foplyans. They plundered what belonged to others and 
claimed it for themselves! 
“Forging souls? Souls of… He thought it wouldn’t be the souls of soldiers, since they were still in battle. 
Chapter 901 Nested Formation 
2/2 
“Commoners slaughtered by them.” Wynter glided the blade of her sword across the ground. “I’ll get changed, then I’ll head over.” 
Whitley stopped her. “No. I’ll go with you.” 
“I need to go alone. You’ll be recognized by the cultivators.” Wynter glanced at him. “I know it’s dangerous, but I’ll have to deal with matters myself. 
“Whose remorse created the formation? What does it have to do with my great–great–grandpa? I need to know. It has begun to affect the present, and I can’t let this persist. 
*Take my phone with you. With your wits, I’m sure you’ll know what to say to minimize the casualties. Only attack after I’ve dispelled the Soul Forging Formation. 
“You’re a Savior. We need you the most during times like these. Now, go back and be our mascot.” 
###chapter992
Chapter 992 His True Identity 
Chapter 992 His True Identity 
Wynter was firm with her decisions. As a Savior, Whitley was indeed capable of avoiding misfortunes. It would be safest for him to bring the photos of the enemy back. 
However, he was still concerned for her since both of them came from Southdale. Furthermore, she did not demand anything from him after saving his life. Carl was the only other person who also did so. 
All along, Whitley only considered himself to be a mere human. He didn’t see himself as any legendary 
savior. 
During national crises, everyone had their responsibilities. This was what years of education have also taught him. 
He then decided to form a pact. When a Savior made offerings to protect its master, shockwaves would occur. In this case, Wynter was the protectee. She was surprised when she felt the shockwaves. 
This pact was different from normal ones–it came with impeccable force. As the one who initiated the pact, the Savior would cast blessings all around its master. 
By doing so, he was eliminating the personal burdens she would face, and the souls of the wronged would protect her. 
However, once the Savior made their offerings, they would have to serve their master, no matter the type of person their masters turned out to be. Going against the pact meant that the Savior would perish eternally. 
According to legend, an almighty Savior would emerge during a national crisis. A single flap of a phoenix’s wings could eradicate malevolent spirits, bringing ten years of peace. 
A Savior from Cascadia was destined to save the world. 
The heavens deemed them too powerful to exist in current times. Even so, they persisted in doing these. seemingly “foolish things“. 
Wynter gave Whitley a sidelong glance. “Aren’t you afraid of me stealing your spiritual form right after 
you’ve formed a pact?” 
“This is the way of my tribe. I have no regrets, be the outcome good or bad.” He didn’t even realize the 
change in his tone as he spoke. 
Clouds shrouded the sky. It wasn’t those dark clouds that appeared in the presence of a dragon. 
Instead, it was gleaming with a lustrous glow, like the sun’s golden rays peeking through clouds. It was as if a majestic dragon was hovering above, watching over all beings. 
Whitley’s eyes were tightly closed. Turning around, Wynter looked at him. She suddenly smiled. He had thought he might’ve been a Kraken, who loved lurking underwater. 
He might’ve forgotten about the Celestial Dragon. It was one of the four ancient beasts that was most often spoken of 
Chapter 992 His True Identity 
Any cultivator would notice the Divine Clouds descending from the heavens, even though they were still in the formation. Unfortunately, the Divine Cloud had appeared in the east. 
The Soul Forger paused his actions. Squinting his eyes, he gazed at the sky. He had eliminated his fellow peers. He assumed that no one could interfere with his spells anymore. 
Yet, at that exact moment, a Savior had descended from the heavens. Worse yet, it had descended onto 
179 the enemy’s side! 
He did not care which side would win or lose. All he wanted was ascension–and he almost succeeded! 
“Master, what’s this?” Colonel Irvine Wacaster approached the Soul Forger. 
His subordinates informed him about abnormalities in the east. He took a look with his binoculars. What 
was with Cascadia? Unbelievable! 
Previously, a dozen Cascadian fortune tellers had created a formation. This hindered the Foplyan troops” attack, turning the tide on them instead. 
Now that the fortune tellers had been killed, how could such a ridiculous event happen again? 
Foplyan planes had already targeted one of Cascadia’s hideouts. They were supposed to bomb and destroy it! 
But now, they had lost all contact with the planes. Not a single one was seen again after flying into the 
cloud. 
Irvine panicked. “What do we do now?” 
###chapter993
Chapter 993 The Truth Behind the Fortune Tellers’ Deaths 
1/2 
“Halt.” Dressed in a robe, the Soul Forger lowered his arm. His gaze was tainted with viciousness. “Only attack after the Savior leaves.” 
Irvine was annoyed by his superstitious logic. “We’re on a battlefield now. In your own Cascadian words, the battlefield is ever–changing. There shouldn’t be any delayed timings or opportunities.” 
“I agree, colonel, but fortune is on their side now. If we attack forcefully, things might go wrong.” 
The Soul Forger turned around. There was a deep scar visible between his eyebrows. He had an unpleasant–looking face, with protruding cheekbones and gloomy eyes. 
It was said that one’s appearance could reflect one’s personality. This was particularly evident in his case. 
Yet, Irvine loved to work with people who looked like the Soul Forger. According to his observations, each 
of them had their own ives. They wouldn’t mind being his pawns if they could gain benefits. 
“So, what do we do now?” Previously, Irvine didn’t believe in these. It was the fortune tellers that had 
made him so cautious. 
Furthermore, the bizarre Cascadian terrain was a problem. One could never know where Cascadian soldiers would suddenly appear. 
There were also mountain roads where one would easily get lost trying to navigate their way. Sometimes, 
even compasses would malfunction there. 
If it weren’t for the Cascadians who led the way, it would be impossible for the Foplyans to enter the village. After all, the Cascadians knew the most about their nation’s terrains and traditions, 
Hence, Irvine favored these guides. Without the Soul Forger, they wouldn’t have been able to get through 
the pass. 
Those fortune tellers died with remaining grievances. Irvine wanted to take them in, but not a single one 
of them would betray their own country. 
The Soul Forger before him was an exception. Thanks to him, all of the fortune tellers were eliminated in 
one night. 
“Gather some young boys and girls too.” The Soul Forger’s voice was deep and intimidating. “Go and rest. There is no need to worry. Within a hundred–mile radius, I am the only one left in my sect. 
“Even with the arrival of the savior, those who are untreatable will still perish. Furthermore, we have cut. off the Cascadians‘ food supply. We still have time to spare.” 
Irvine still had his concerns. “I’m just afraid that their reinforcements will arrive in time.” 
“If you don’t trust my formations, feel free to do whatever you wish. The Soul Forger waved him aside, clearly unhappy- 
He desperately needed to cultivate, as it would be easier for ascension during times of mayhem. 
Chapter 993 The Truth Behind the Fortune Telers Deatha 
Irvine smiled. “How could I not believe your words? Your formations are so powerful that even the mightiest beast can’t escape them.” 
He wouldn’t have believed that such formations existed if he hadn’t witnessed it with his own eyes. 
By just placing a few rocks, sticks, and herbs, the Soul Forger was able to make people completely lose their way. He even managed to manipulate the behaviors of certain animals. 
What a shock! There were just too many gifted people in Cascadia. 
Irvine had hoarded a collection of books about Arcane Ways. He had ordered people to send them back to Foplya. These books covered various topics–the Eight Trigrams, Sin and Grace, divinations, and constellations. 
He didn’t want to offend the Soul Forger before him. The Soul Forger was crucial in helping to refine hist 
Arcane Ways. 
The Foplyan troop’s skills weren’t up to par with those who were truly capable. Hence, they treated them 
with utmost respect. 
“I’ll go and make adjustments. Colonel, just remember not to launch attacks in the Savior’s presence.” The Soul Forger had his doubts as well. How 
###chapter994
Chapter 994 A Man of His Word 
1/2 
Chapter 994 A Man of His Word 
“If it was the way of the heavens, then fine. However, if someone was behind it, then… he must be found!” The Soul Forger thought to himself as he lowered his gaze. The Savior should have belonged to him! 
Irvine stopped the Soul Forger as the latter was about to leave. “Master, some of my cowardly soldiers complained about hearing the cries of your dead peers. Can you do anything about it?” 
*Still restless even after death.” The Soul Forger chuckled. “Take this amulet. Order them to place it on 
the southeast side. My fellow peers just don’t know how to seize their opportunities.” 
Irvine immediately ordered his subordinates to take the amulet. 
They were still afraid of the Soul Forger. Irvine never forgot why his peers had let their guard down. All of these were due to the Soul Forger’s betrayal. These thoughts never left his mind. 
That night, the Soul Forger came over on his own. Like how Irvine imagined Cascadian mediums, he 
looked gloomy and unsettling. 
However, the Soul Forger made a tempting proposal. He claimed that he could conquer the stronghold 
without needing a single 
soldier. 
Previously, they had tried attacking for five consecutive days but yielded no results. At times like these, 
someone offered them a lifeline. 
Irvine was willing to let his soldiers take the risk even if it was a trap. Unexpectedly, the outcome was 
unbelievable! 
Before his death, one of the Soul Forger’s peers was still tugging on his sleeve, asking for an explanation. 
The Soul Forger remembered his own demeanor at that time–icy and intimidating. “Detaching oneself from their seven deadly sins is crucial for ascension. Do you think I’m one of you all, just mere. commoners practicing cultivation? 
“I’m asking just once more. Where is Julian? Hand him over and I’ll spare you.” 
Seeing him refusing to answer, the Soul Forger struck the top of his head, killing him instantly. 
Irvine knew that the Soul Forger who initiated the collaboration was as vicious as a snake. Yet, it didn’t 
matter as long as it benefited the Foplyan troops. 
But then again, where was Julian? They searched for him in the mountains but found nothing. 
Strangely after that, the Soul Forger stopped them from continuing the search. He also added, “It would. be good if Julian were still alive! It’ll be too obvious if I’m the only one left.” 
Irvine wasn’t interested in the Soul Forger’s enigmas. Currently, what mattered most to him was the whereabouts of the Foplyan planes. 
The Soul Forger was right about one thing–the Cascadian soldiers weren’t lasting any longer. Even if there weren’t attacks, they would still die of starvation anyway. 
Chapter 994 A Man of His Word 
22 
Furthermore, it was tough for anyone to launch attacks by invading the Foplya roads. 
Yet, Irvine had missed out on something crucial about the latter part. At that moment, Wynter was right 
above the enemy’s base. 
After the formation of the pact, she went into the forest. The anomaly was still in the sky. No one took 
notice of her. 
The only one suspecting her presence was outside of the formation. It was a crow perched on Dalton’s shoulder. Its black feathers were more dazzling than ever, gleaming with an iridescent glow. 
“Master, it’s a Celestial Dragon,” the crow cawed. “Has it acknowledged its master? Was the master Miss Wynter?” It secretly gave a sidelong glance toward Dalton as it spoke. 
“But usually, if a pact is formed, it is prohibited to acknowledge another master. Master, was it you that… The crow’s voice trailed off. 
comes 
“This time, the acknowledgment with the country’s fortune.” Dalton’s words interrupted the crow’s 
doubts. 
He had very subtle emotions. When he opened his eyes, his gaze brought an innate sense of oppressiveness. 
He was warning the crow to keep its words to itself. However, there was an explanation for his actions- Dalton had always been a man of his word. 
The crow almost rolled its eyes. It thought that its master could give his fiancée a Savior in a more direct 
###chapter995
Chapter 995 Wynter’s Identity 
Without permission, a Celestial Dragon would never simply change its master! It was different from Chaos, which could be easily manipulated when bribed with food. 
A Celestial Dragon was the smartest one among the four ancient beasts! It was arrogant by nature, as well as being difficult to reclaim. 
In this case, it might have changed masters voluntarily. This was because it meant having to endure the thunderstrike trial from the heavens. 
However, there was no thunderstrike nor a trial–this called for a universal celebration! Look how eye- catching the Divine Clouds were! 
Flapping its wings, the crow flew around in circles. After all, this joyous occasion had a tremendous impact. It ranged from the heavens to the underworld. 
It was fine as long as Dalton didn’t go hot–headed and hosted a grand ceremony. On the other hand, gifting a Savior and casting blessings with righteous intent were relatively acceptable. 
When the crow flew, present–day hell would sense it as well. The bridge to hell shook so much that event 
runes were falling off. 
When an ancient beast acknowledged its master, the East would have abnormalities. In the underworld, 
there would be rejoicing as well. 
Minor crimes of some spirits would be pardoned. Some spirits were able to spend more time with their families. Those seeking scapegoats would have to stay put, or else they would stumble upon trouble. 
The underworld guard’s sighed, clicking on the fluctuating data on their tablet screen 
“What’s going on? It’s been a few hundred years since a Savior acknowledged its master.” 
Grim tugged on his tie. “That’s enough. We’re not going to hit our KPIs this month again. 
“Go back first.” Vesper didn’t want to appear in the human world and be mistaken for a real estate agent 
again. 
Usually, cultivators would pay more attention to saviors acknowledging masters. This was true no matter 
where they were. The cultivators attending seminars were gazing at the Divine Clouds in the east as well. 
From a commoner’s perspective, the weather was fine and there was good lighting. The clouds were 
interesting too. From afar, they looked like a soaring Celestial Dragon. 
Rainbows were seen in various places as well. At the seafood market, fish were jumping out of the water vigorously. 
A lot of people stopped to take pictures of the enormous cloud. This scene astonished Kaspar. His face was evident with envy. 
“A prodigy from my sect has descended. Go and search for him. He must be found this time!” 
Chapter 995 Wynter’s identity 
He did not know that the prodigy was none other than Wynter. Back then, he wanted to take her in but 
was rejected. Every single cultivator was searching for her now. 
“Could it be someone’s ancestor showing their presence?” 
“Impossible. By the looks of it, it seems like a newer sect.” 
Some hermits gathered together. Without their robes, they looked like ordinary elders going on a walk. 
Atwater had just finished his pasta. He stopped in his tracks while hiccuping. He performed a swift divination. As the answer struck him, his reddened eyes started to overflow with tears. 
Someone shouted, “Old sir, it must be you! You’re the one that always told fortunes under the pedestrian 
bridge!” 
“No fortune telling today.” Rolling up his mat, Atwater strode away. From his back, no one could tell that he was over a hundred years old. 
How many years had he waited, and finally the moment had arrived! 
“Savior’s arrival! My apprentice, you’re finally interested in the sect. No, no, I should say that you’re finally back…” he thought. 
At that moment, Wynter was still within the formation. She was unaware of the commotion that she had. caused. When she arrived at the enemy’s base, her first thought was to cut off the Foplyan’s food supply! 
###chapter996
Chapter 996 Wynter Hears About the Whereabouts 
There were no surveillance cameras in this era, so Wynter could move around easily without worrying about getting caught on camera. 
However, the closer Wynter got to the center, the stricter the patrolling soldiers were. 
There were usually snipers lying in wait at high points, so she would need to find each blind spot accurately. 
This took some time. But for Wynter, facing those soldiers was not particularly difficult. Those familiar with military operations would know that patrolling soldiers followed a predictable logic. [1] 
As long as she figured out their logic, she could sneak into their squad during their shift change. 
Wynter listened to them exchanging secret codes. She dragged the last soldier in the line out of formation without anyone noticing. 
The darkening sky facilitated her movement. She quickly changed into his uniform, leaving a traditional Foplyanese outfit next to him. Wynter was swift. Before anyone could notice, she had slipped back into the squad. 
It was not a random move. She changed her plan after overhearing a conversation among Foplyan soldiers that dancers would be coming over to entertain them that day. 
Compared to the Cascadian soldiers, the Foplyan soldiers seemed to enjoy a more indulgent lifestyle, with performances to entertain them once in a while. What a life! 
Wynter sneered secretly. She could see people dancing and singing merrily when she passed by the center with the patrolling squad. 
One of the officers even took off his coat and put on a headscarf. He moved forward slowly in a ghostlike manner. It was eerie. 
It was a famous traditional Foplyan dance known as the Summoning Dance. It was performed every time Foplyan soldiers celebrated their victory. This dance symbolized a celebration with the spirits of the dead war criminals. 
Wynter watched with clenched fists. 
The officer was laughing loudly. His face was full of vulgar expressions. There were many prisoners of war around. Most of them were women and children. Yet, to the officer, they were less than human. 
Wynter’s gaze was filled with suppressed rage. She was just about to act when someone approached her. 
“Hey, it’s time to change shifts. You are up next.” 
Someone pointed at Wynter and she responded, “Yes sir.” 
“The colonel is furious now, Stay vigilant. Remind General Elwood that getting carried away with entertainment is not appropriate right now
. It is not the time for enjoyment.” 
E 
“Yes, sir!” 
One of the soldiers nodded and proceeded to inform Elwood, who was dancing. Agitated by the soldier’s interruption, General Elwood slapped him. 
“Idiot! Those Cascadians were just a bunch of stupid cowards. They couldn’t do anything. 
“They didn’t even dare to fight back when I took away their wives. The rest of them were just useless. The colonel might worry about them, but not me. 
“The arrival of a Savior? It was just a lie of that Cascadian medium! I’ll kill anyone who comes, even that 
Savior! 
“Those Cascadian bastards were trembling with fear when I pointed a gun at them behind the hill. Ha ha ha! They could do nothing to resist.” 
The soldier whispered something into the general’s ear as he clutched his face. Elwood’s expression changed. “Don’t mention those fortune tellers again! They are already dead and gone! 
“If they were still alive, I would cut out their tongues again!” 
Wynter deliberately slowed her pace to hear more of their conversation. 
“General, the medium mentioned to the colonel before that these fortune tellers had spiritual power when they were alive. They also had some strange and unusual practices. 
“With so many of them dying at once, in the old sayings of Cascadia, it might bring bad karma. We do Indeed need to keep a closer watch on them to avoid any unforeseen changes.“
###chapter997
Chapter 997 Wynter’s Plan 
Harvey, who replied, was obviously a traitor and was likely someone who had studied abroad. He followed Elwood closely, respectfully explaining to him in an accent. While explaining, he kept fanning 
Elwood attentively. 
Wynter could not see his face, but she found his voice oddly familiar. She had heard it somewhere before. She was walking so slowly that someone would definitely notice her. 
“Hey! You over there! What are you doing?” the leader shouted. Instantly, all eyes were on Wynter. Even 
Harvey looked over. 
Wynter’s Foplyanese was very fluent, but the hard part was disguising her voice. She lowered her voice to a coarse tone and said, “Reporting, sir. I think I saw a flame over there.” 
Flame? Where? Everyone followed her gaze and looked up. 
Elwood’s expression changed again. “Idiots! Our food reserves are on fire!” 
The fire had spread throughout the dining areas and food storage. No one understood how the fire started. Suddenly, everything turned into chaos. 
Elwood kicked Harvey aside. Yet, he still offered Elwood advice as he scrambled to his feet. 
“General, I think something is not right about the fire. Should we stay put? Someone might have infiltrated 
the barracks.” 
Elwood turned his head abruptly to look at him. His eyes were filled with anger and murderous intent. 
*These persistent Cascadian bastards! Go and investigate it! Find out now which part of our operation 
was compromised!” 
It was originally possible to draw all the soldiers away. However, Harvey’s words worked. Elwood was not so easily fooled either. He would surely have a backup plan. Of course, he would know exactly where the most important location was. 
They could have as many food reserves as they wanted. Even if the food storage here was burnt down, they could always plunder from the nearby Cascadian village. Only those starving Cascadian bastards would prioritize the food reserves so much. 
As long as their armory remained intact and the formation set by the medium was still in place, the Foplyan soldiers would never lose! 
However, although the general was clever, he never thought that his opponents might have ulterior 
motives. 
For instance, Wynter found it too troublesome to locate the armory directly. She thus decided to use the fire to create a smokescreen to observe their layout. 
By observing the direction where most of the soldiers ran toward, she could deduce the location of the 
armory. 
Chapter 997 Wynter’s Plan 
7/2 
She seamlessly blended into the squad. While moving, she also noticed something odd. Aside from the armory she was in, there was another location that seemed Important to these Foplyan soldiers. 
Wynter enabled her Spirit Sight, which allowed her to see other souls besides living spirits. But the weirdest thing about this place was the absence of spirits. 
Had she overlooked something other than their Soul Forging Formation? 
That Foplyan officer mentioned the fortune tellers. It sounded like their souls were still here, suppressed 
by the power of talismans. 
nter looked up and took in the armory ahead. It was clear that acting now would be unwise 
She planned to let them experience some internal chaos for a while. She would make her move again when they let their guard down. 
Wynter’s plans had always been meticulous. When she was on missions in the past, someone said it was fortunate that the leader of the Special Unit never thought of doing evil. 
G 
Otherwise, with her intellect, she could commit the perfect crime. No evidence could be traced back to her. At this moment, Wynter had taken that statement to the extreme.. 
Elwood had put out the fire, and then what? 
#Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter998
Nothing was found. Elwood’s expression was gloomy. He lashed his whip out again and again. 
*Some Cascadian bastards must have snuck into our camp! 
“You!” Elwood pointed at Harvey with his whip. “I thought you said the Cascadians‘ weapons were very primitive? How did they manage to start the fire from the inside?” 
How could Harvey possibly know the answer? He could only speculate. “Perhaps they studied abroad in Foplya and became familiar with the weapons over time?” 
“They studied abroad in Foplya?” Elwood pondered for a moment and suddenly looked up. “Other than 
our soldiers, are there any outsiders in our camp now?” 
The adjutant immediately replied, “There are some dancers and musicians who have come to entertain 
our soldiers.” 
“Investigate it now!” Elwood looked at the food reserves, which were almost completely destroyed by the 
fire. 
At first, he wasn’t really that nervous. He even thought the Cascadian intruders were foolish enough to believe they could burn the Foplyan’s food reserves. 
The Foplyan soldiers would certainly have taken a series of measures with technology they couldn’t even Imagine. But now, someone had destroyed all their technology without requiring any codes! 
Elwood only wanted to find out who the culprit was and break their limbs. Since the culprit liked to skulk like a rat in the dark, he would send them to the Human Experimentation Department to be dissected 
thoroughly. 
A soldier dashed in. “Report! Sir, there’s a situation! We found this!” 
The soldier was holding a piece of a traditional Foplyanese outfit. This evidence further convinced Elwood that the Cascadian bastard who snuck in was hiding among the dancers. 
“Follow me!” Elwood gestured and set off to investigate. 
Harvey found his demeanor too confrontational. He said to Elwood, “General, these dancers are here to entertain our soldiers. The colonel should be well aware of their background. Besides, this is the colonel’s 
“Are you going to listen to him or me?” Elwood roared like a ferocious lion. “You Cascadian bastards are always so greedy! Don’t assume I’m unaware of your thoughts. 
“I am warning you, there are things I can learn from you and also use against you. You better know your place!” 
Elwood fired a shot into the sky. The surrounding commotion intensified. 
Wynter followed a small patrol squad and reached the entrance of a cave. They were about to change 
shifts. 
2/2 
Here, Wynter could feel the grief emanating from the bottom of the pit. Due to the resentment of those souls, even hell would not take them in. Their spiritual forms were so evil and filled with grudges that 
could never be dispelled. 
She felt their resentment, hatred, humiliation, and the wrath of being betrayed. Suddenly, something 
seemed to have surged into her spiritual form. 
“Hey, my fellow! Hey, my fellow!” She heard a voice calling her over and over again. 
Wynter clenched her rifle, showing no trace of emotion. In fact, she was preparing stealthily. 
The soldier ahead was exchanging the code for the shift change. When it was Wynter’s turn, she repeated 
the code from the previous person. 
But as soon as she spoke, the Foplyan soldier frowned and looked up at her. He reminded her, “It’s already past 7:00 a.m. Now, it is 7:01 am.” 
Wynter immediately realized she had given the wrong code when she heard this. 
###chapter999
Chapter 999 Wynter Encountered in the Cave 
#The soldier’s reminder clearly indicated they would change the code after seven o’clock. 
Wynter couldn’t know the new code. If she showed any sign of hesitation, he would definitely become suspicious. 
Wynter knew that his hand was reaching for a gun. “It was too late,” her eyes squinted as she thought. 
“Oh, I am sorry. I did not notice the time. Let’s go over it again.” 
The soldier was still holding the gun when he was about to reply. In the moment Wynter’s silver needles were shot out, all 12 members of the two squads were immobilized on the spot. 
The silver needles struck their acupoints, freezing them in place while keeping them conscious. 
However, it would be too conspicuous to leave them standing there. Anyone passing by would notice something was wrong. 
The Foplyan soldiers were busy arresting the dancer troupe. No one was paying attention to this side. 
Fortunately, Elwood was not only brilliant but also skeptical. Otherwise, the Foplyanese traditional outfit that Wynter left behind would be useless. Given his confidence, the dancer troupe could buy her some 
time. 
Now, Wynter had to tidy up the scene. She glanced over. No patrol had come yet. New personnel would 
arrive for the shift change in 20 minutes. 
Before the new shift, she needed six people in place to avoid arousing suspicion among the distant patrol. 
Wynter looked at the 12 people frozen in place. She had hidden six in the cave. Of the remaining six, three 
were seated upright.. 
At this moment, a patrolling soldier looked over and noticed some soldiers standing as usual. He found nothing unusual although they were not talking to each other. 
Wynter k 
knew she could slip by unnoticed. She picked up an oil lamp and moved forward. The deeper she 
went, the more she sensed something familiar. 
It was a Soul Lock Formation? Wynter realized what was going on in the cave when she saw the arrangement and talismans on the ground. 
Someone had manipulated the spiritual energy from nature to suppress the souls of the fortune tellers 
who were destined to ascend. 
Ordinary people could not break the formation. Even if they lifted the talismans, it would only alleviate their pains. The formation had to be broken to free them fully 
Wynter pressed her palm firmly to the ground. Without her fiancé, the one chosen by heaven, she knew she had to do this on her own. 
Even though she did not possess heavenly luck, she had the bloody energy to meet violence with 
Chapter 999 Wynter Encountered in the Cave 
violence. 
2/2 
She was not adept at using the phrases Atwater taught her. So, she decided to do it her way. She bit her thumb to draw blood and offered it to the earth. 
In a low voice, she uttered, “Break!” 
Crack after crack spread across the ground, revealing its true form. The surface was densely inscribed in Fankrit and covered in an indescribable black mist. 
An Arcane diagram was also seen on the surface. A black badge appeared in the center of the diagram, emitting a thick black energy. The carving on the badge was surrounded by flames. 
Wynter had never seen anything like this before. Yet, a sense of familiarity swept over her. 
She moved forward and looked down, guided by her instincts. She realized that the badge was what held 
the fortune tellers‘ souls captive beneath it. 
What could this be? Even those powerful fortune tellers could not escape from it. 
Wynter reached out to touch it and braced for the black energy to engulf her. Those personal burdens emanated endlessly from the badge, but strangely the badge did not move. 
Chapter 1000 Wynter’s Previous Life 
###chapter1000
Chapter 1000 Wynter’s Previous Life 
Wynter’s heart skipped a beat. There was a tremor the moment she touched the badge. Then, the black mist faded. The badge, which had stood at the center of the Soul Locking Formation, fell right into her 
hands. 
“Could it be this easy?” she wondered. Wynter gazed down while clutching the badge. 
Suddenly, countless images flooded her mind. These fragmented and turbulent images seemed to emanate from the badge itself, depicting a grand wedding in the Arcane way. 
The clouds rolled in as heaven’s punishment approached. Dressed in an ancient wedding gown, Wynter looked down upon people from various sects. 
Standing atop the mountain stream, her wide sleeves swayed with the wind. Many cultivators accused her of being a demon, disturbing their Arcane mind. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. It was sheer nonsense as she did not practice the Arcane way, much less 
become a demon. She was a staunch materialist who believed in science. 
Since the Savior had told her that her aura was within the formation, she speculated that the badge was hers. If it was hers, the life story reflected by the badge could be hers. So, was she seeing her previous 
life? 
She was unsure how many lives ago this had occurred. But this was quite a scene as if heaven were 
against her. 
After pondering for a moment, Wynter kept the badge to herself. She had every right to do so since the badge was hers. According to those people, she had committed many misdeeds with the badge. 
Once Wynter left the formation, she intended to further investigate what the badge could reveal. 
In her spare time, especially before sleep, Wynter loved browsing videos and reading web novels. She 
was fond of action movies. 
The scene she had just witnessed resembled the scene where the heroes overthrew the villains. It would 
be absurd to think there was no conspiracy involved. 
In those fragments, she was protected by the people from her sect. It seemed that Atwater was not lying. She might have been a gifted, or even a demonic, cultivator in the past. 
The plot was somewhat familiar. Typically, this was what would happen to the male lead in web novels. 
It would be unusual for the male lead not to experience a dramatic fall off a cliff and life–changing 
encounters that awakened the demonic spirit within him. 
Wynter doubted her life would be that dramatic. She considered herself sunny and righteous, even if this was self–proclaimed. She might have been greedy, but calling her dark? 
Wynter shook her head and lifted the last talisman. 
She didn’t need any excuse or psychological hint to justify punching someone. If she wanted to, she 
Chapter 1000 Wynter’s Previous Life 
would. The flashback from her previous life must have been a conspiracy. 
22 
What truly moved her were the other images flashing through her mind. Someone was calling her name. Every figure flashed by carrying an indescribable warmth. One scene left a vivid impression on Wynter. 
A few figures sat on the ground beside a steaming teapot amidst peach blossoms and beside a flowing stream. They were dressed differently but all looked youthful. 
“Our junior sister has caused trouble again?” 
“What is the big deal for having a few male companions?” 
“We are cultivators after all.” 
“It’s not like she is sleeping with them. She said she just finds them attractive.” 
“Exactly. She had even more companions back in the palace. Now that she has chosen our sect, she is not even allowed to have her attendants. Who can she reason with?” 
“I am not blaming her. I am just worried that someone will pick a fight with her. 
“Who? Those who insist on ranking our sect? Our master has already refused to participate in their 
rankings.” 
###chapter1001
Chapter 1001 Gordon’s Remorse 
“They know what our lineage specializes in. Our mentor’s cultivation cannot be broken through, right?” 
“It’s because all of you are too talented. Some people are worried that you will take advantage and ascend directly” 
“It’s not just us, is it? The other day, I saw you beat up the dragon on the mountain at the back when you tried to catch some fish for our junior 
“Our mentor taught us to reform, yet you are always using brute force. Don’t let her see you, as I am worried that she will follow suit.” 
“But we cannot be lazy like this all the time. Our junior is here, so we need to work hard” 
“That’s the way it is. I have long disliked the people from Mt. Dragon. Shall we go sparring?” 
“Will they be able to escape if you make a move? Don’t be calculative with the younger ones. You should also hide your divination skills. 
“You know that nothing good comes out of your mouth. Why did you perform a divination on marriage for 
her? 
“This was a rare occasion where she requested me to perform a divination, I am worried that she will 
meet an ingrate.” 
“These are trivial matters, and this seminar invitation is more important. Who will be attending it?” 
“Our junior thinks that it is okay to go. We could get some good herbal medicine there. The spiritual energy up here in the mountain is low, and the disciples below require spiritual energy.” 
“Then we’ll go and show support for our junior,” 
At this point, the scene gradually faded. 
Wynter did not know why she found her heart aching slightly when she watched this scene. 
It seemed like the people who were once in front of her had disappeared overnight. Yet, she had 
forgotten why they disappeared 
Wynter balled her fist at her side, and her throat tightened as if to suppress her surging emotions. 
With a crack, the ground split open again, and a gap appeared. This time, it seemed like nothing could restrain the souls under the ground 
With Wynter at the center, silhouette after silhouette appeared in front of her. 
They were cultivators in robes, and the oldest had white hair. He held a long sword and had an unworldly feeling about him. 
They looked different from cultivators on TV, who had rosy complexions and wore luxurious clothing. 
In fact, it was the exact opposite. There had been a national crisis, so they had given all the food on the 
Chapter 1001 Gordon’s Remorse 
mountain to the people nearby. 
Although these cultivators were not emaciated, they were not affluent, either. 
2/2 
They went down the mountain, determined to sacrifice themselves for the country. Hence, they would not expect any pampering. 
When they looked at Wynter, their eyes were firm and held no regrets, even until now. 
“Little cultivator, we know that you are the unforeseen change in this formation.” 
It was Caius Trevino, a celestial being with deep eyes, who spoke. “We have been waiting in this formation for a long time.” 
“Did you know that I was coming?” Even Wynter did not know that. 
Caius smiled. “You are a descendant of the Quinnell family. I have been close friends with Mr. Quinnell Senior for a very long time, so his remorse is my remorse, too. 
“My final divination showed that the Quinnells are the only hope in a desperate situation. I’m not sure. whether you are still safe right now.” 
When Wynter heard that he was Gordon’s friend, she did not conceal anything. “Grandpa Gordon may not 
be so safe. 
“I came into this formation because someone stole our ancestral protection. Was Grandpa Gordon’s remorse the sanctification of this formation by the Quinnells?” 
“Yes. This formation should not have existed.” Caius looked out of the cave. “It was because of us.” 
###chapter1002
Chapter 1002 Affects the Present World 
“It was my poor judgment that resulted in sinful people among my apprentices. That is why my apprentices and I have been trapped here for hundreds of years.” 
When Calus said this, resentment appeared again in his eyes, and he tried his best to suppress it. 
“I do not know where he learned the Arcane Way from. But as we are cultivators, we understand that 
resentment will remain when Arcane energy is not dispersed. 
“He deliberately stirred up our resentment so that when we died, we would form an Earthbound 
Formation.” 
Wynter looked at him and said, “I thought that you would understand his intentions when you forging souls. Then you would clear up your resentment and not be at his mercy.” 
saw him 
“The badge in your hand has a great influence on us.” After saying this, Caius paused for a while. However, this is only one of the reasons. The truth is, as you just said, we were unable to cast aside our 
resentment.” 
Calus‘ honesty made Wynter raise her eyes. 
“He knew what we cared about and that we had remorse, so he used them to provoke us.” Calus let out a 
long sigh. “I don’t know if he is still my apprentice. It is unbelievable how quickly a person could change. 
“But there is one thing that I want to tell you. He is still alive and is living in the present world.” 
The present world? 
Hearing this, Wynter spoke faster. “How old is he, and what does he look like? What about his height and physical appearance? Is there any obvious way to identify him?” 
“Little cultivator, how old do you think he will be if he is really still alive?” Calus asked in return. 
Wynter paused for a moment before she realized that, logically, it was impossible for a person to live such a long life. She frowned slightly and asked, “Do cultivators have long lives?” 
“It is true that when you maintain a strong and healthy body, you will live longer. Besides, people in my sect have medical skills, and they can cure minor diseases themselves.” 
At this point, Caius suddenly changed the topic. “But he has fallen ill, and no one knows the cause. Hé is 
the weakest in our sect.” 
Wynter’s eyes darkened. “So, he should not have lived that long and should not even be in the present 
world.” 
“But he is still here, and we can feel it from inside the formation. Not only that, his cultivation is getting more advanced, and he receives a lot more faith. Over time, this formation has become one where he draws his luck from.” 
Calus looked at Wynter solemnly. “The strange thing is that lately, the formation can be changed, and everything related to the formation is also changing.” 
Chapter 1002 Affects the Present World 
2/7 
The more Wynter listened, the more serious she became. “This Earthbound Formation’s background is when Cascadia and Foplyn were at war. 
“In a few days, we will have a great victory. Do you mean that this will change, too?” 
“I’m worried.” Caius looked sullen. “Back then, we were set up on our way down the mountain. He used our cultivation to start his soul–forging technique. 
“Gordon and I once exchanged letters. He told me that some people from the eight major families were working for Foplya. There were also spies here on the mountain, so he wanted me to be careful. 
“I performed a divination, and I thought that I had not missed anything. But when there was a war and people were suffering, I wanted to go down the mountain even more. 
“But who would have known that the whole sect would be wiped out like this and their souls would not be dispersed? 
“Come to think of it, it was I who wronged my apprentices.” Caius looked around him. 
Everyone seemed rather agitated. “Mr. Trevino, going down the mountain to fight was voluntary for us.” 
“That hateful traitor!” With slightly reddened eyes, one of the cultivators, Flint Cullen, clenched his fists. “It was me. I vouched for him and said that he was okay. I am the one to blame.” 
###chapter1003
Chapter 1003 Looking for Julian 
“Flint, how could we blame you? You have always protected us, and we grew up together. No one knows 
how he could have changed.” 
“It is I who should be blamed, not you, Flint. I should have realized that some people were practicing 
cultivation with different intentions.” 
Calus looked toward Wynter again. “If it were really our last wish that affected the war back then, then we would not pass peacefully.” 
They were supposed to go down the mountain to save the world. 
Who would have thought that the whole sect would be annihilated? And after their deaths, they were even 
used as the key to the Soul Forging Formation. 
And now, they had become the nutrients that constantly nourished that formation. 
If it were Wynter, she would also be resentful and wish that she could kill the traitor herself. 
“Little cultivator, I know what our remorse is.” Caius‘ gaze was clear, revealing indescribable tenderness. 
His eyes fell on each cultivator. 
“I had an apprentice, Julian Cromwell, who was only five years old and was very naughty. I didn’t tell him 
about our descent, thinking there should be at least someone left in the sect. 
“He was a well–disciplined person. Although his capability was mediocre, he never caused us any trouble. 
He also wanted to go down the mountain with us. 
“The other cultivators could not bear to part with him, so they placed him at our military camp in advance. 
I don’t know how Julian is doing now. 
“But for all that, the Soul Forger did not spare him, either.” 
When she heard this, Wynter was puzzled because things should be fine at the military camp. “What do you mean he didn’t spare him?” 
“He made Julian take the blame for him,” explained Tyre 
Hayes with his fists clenched. “He purposely told me that he knew I majored in Origin and Extinction and would not turn into a resentful spirit after 
death. 
“To activate the formation, he would not look for Julian after our deaths because he wanted someone to 
be the traitor. 
“He wanted to continue being a great figure in Cascadia’s Arcane Way studies, and he had to preserve his reputation. So, someone had to take the blame for him. 
“Not only would he survive, but he would become our sect’s only successor. All he needed to do was paint Julian as the traitor. 
“Otherwise, it would be difficult to explain why our sect was wiped out overnight. He is a venomous snake. 
Chapter 1003 Looking for Juan 
2,2 
When Tyrel said this, he was so agitated that he bit the corner of his lip. 
He deeply regretted it. “I should not have vouched for him, but he had a good reputation among the sects. 
“There is no way Julian could win against him. It was me who harmed Julian. Even if I were alive, I would 
not be admitted back to the sect. 
“Julian is still so young. How is he going to live in the future? He took the blame for deceiving and destroying his mentor for that venomous snake.” 
After hearing this, all the cultivators were very distressed, and the formation changed according to their 
grievances. 
With such an overwhelming hatred, even Wynter could not say anything. 
She thought again about the scene that she saw from the badge earlier. In her past life, she also had a group of fellow cultivators who protected her. 
Where were they now? Were they also being suppressed in a formation like this? 
If so, she would definitely destroy the underworld, and no one would be at peace. 
“Little cultivator, we are willing to be saved,” Caius said hoarsely. “But remorse is from the heart, and we cannot control it. May I be so bold as to ask that you help us find Julian?” 
“Should I go back to the military camp to look for him?” Wynter asked. Caius shook his head and replied, “He is in the present world.” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter1004
Chapter 1004 His Spiritual Name Is Atwater 
Chapter 1004 His Spiritual Name Is Atwater 
“The past is the past.” There was a rare earnestness in Caius‘ eyes when he looked at Wynter. 
“He has been bearing that injustice for so many years. I would like to request that you return to the present world and help him clear his name so that the truth can come to light.” 
Hearing this, Wynter raised her eyebrows slightly and said, “There is not much problem in clearing his name. However, I do not know how to find him. 
“According to what you told me, he was ostracized by the sect when he was young. Everyone thought he was the murderer and wanted to kill him, so he would have changed his identity. It is difficult for me to find him without any clues. 
“Can you sense which sect he is in? I can filter them by age.” Wynter’s analysis made sense. 
Caius smiled and said, “It is not difficult to find him. Julian started late and has never announced his spiritual name, but I have already chosen one for him. This is a secret that only he and I know. 
“Knowing him, if the other sects will not accept him, he will find another way. You are right when you said his name could have changed. 
“But he said that he would carry forward Mt. Arham’s sect without revealing his mentor’s name. Yet, he will keep his spiritual name.” 
Wynter chuckled. “You think that I can find him by his spiritual name?” 
Caius nodded. Wynter went near Caius, understanding that she needed to be close to hear the secret. 
Caius said in a voice only she could hear, “Julian’s spiritual name is Atwater.” 
Hearing the name, Wynter froze. 
She couldn’t have heard wrongly, could she? Atwater? 
Could it be that they just shared the same spiritual name? But Atwater’s age fit too well. 
Wynter’s eyes lit up like never before. 
But Caius did not notice the difference in Wynter. “Atwater is the spiritual name he chose for himself. He 
said that he was stupid and that his abilities were mediocre. 
“He could not compare to the other cultivators on the mountain. So, he wanted to use his spiritual name to remind himself to reach enlightenment sooner.” 
Hearing this, Wynter relaxed completely. With a smile, she said, “Master. No, that is not right. In this situation, I should be calling you Grand Master. My mentor’s spiritual name is Atwater.” 
“What did you say?” 
At that, the whole formation was shaken. This was the only time the formation changed due 
to inner joy instead of resentment. 
Chapter 1004 His Spiritual Name is Atwater 
“Little cultivator, is what you said true?” A cultivator standing by the side could not help but make a sound. 
Caius held Wynter’s gaze for a long time, waiting for her answer. 
“Of course it is true.” Wynter was also very happy. “Although I cannot be completely sure, I am sure it is 99 
% correct. 
“Atwater told me that he chose the name because he wanted to attain enlightenment earlier, and his age. fits. The person that you are looking for should be my mentor.” 
The souls in the formation were at a loss for words. Everyone was looking 
at Wynter excitedly. 
“Julian wasn’t bluffing. It can be said that a kid’s bragging came true. He has accepted an apprentice who 
has the best abilities in the world. Ha ha ha.” 
“There is a successor to the Arham lineage.” 
“Then aren’t we considered your superiors, little cultivator?” 
“Do not be impolite.” Caius realized that there were other circumstances, or else Wynter would not have taken the badge just like that. 
With bright eyes and a slightly hoarse voice, he asked, “Is Julian okay in the present world?” 
Looking amused, Wynter replied, “I don’t know about Atwater’s earlier life, but he is eating and drinking to his heart’s content right now. Occasionally, he would perform divinations under the overpass. 
“Although he did not join any sect, he is famous throughout the capital. Everyone said it is difficult to get hold of him to perform divination, so he’s no doubt like a living god.” 
###chapter1005
Chapter 1005 Break the Formation to Protect the Country 
“That’s good, that’s good.” Tears welled up in Calus‘ eyes. “With the leader’s seal in his hands along with my handwritten letter, no one can slander him. 
“I know him, and he did not join any sect because he wanted to return to Arham. Please help me give this to him. It is only useful in the present world and useless in the formation.” 
Wynter responded, “Okay.” 
All the cultivators were looking at her, as if, through her, they could see the long–lost Julian. 
Wynter understood their feelings and did not avoid their eyes. She called out to them one by one. 
“That’s right. I was confused. I should be called Mr. Markham. Ha ha ha.” 
When there was laughter in the formation, it would surely affect the Soul Forging Formation. 
Without hesitation, Caius said, “We have no last wishes. We only hope for the future, where our family and country will be peaceful and safe.” 
As soon as he finished speaking, he took the lead and sat cross–legged in mid–air. He started chanting to save himself. 
In the Mystic Path, it was often said that a person should let go. 
Wynter had not seen it before, but today, she saw in these master cultivators what it meant to let go. 
When one was the cause of the formation, then one could also be the reason for self–transformation. The 
self–transformed souls‘ wisps were no longer entangled in black but turned into spots of starlight. 
They went in all directions and landed on the ground to the east. None of them said goodbye. 
One of them said to her with a smile, “It is great that Julian has an apprentice. It’s equivalent to me having 
one, too.” 
Then, several souls flew up into the sky and coated the clouds on the horizon with a layer of golden light. 
In the stories told to children, it is said that the truly righteous would protect the land both in life and 
death. There was no need to be scared, and one had to continue moving forward. 
Wynter raised her eyes to take in the scene. She would 
alwase 
such people, especially when they 
were Caius and the other master cultivators. 
Wynter looked at the letter in her hand and took out the badge she received earlier. 
Her eyes flashed and she waved her left hand, causing one of the stars to fall on the badge. 
The Soul Forging Formation was broken, and the Soul Forger would surely notice it. She could not stay there for long. But leaving like this did not conform with Wynter’s 
The Soul Forger would pay for letting Atwater take the blame for so many years. She did not believe that there was any cooperation that could not be broken. 
Chapter 1005 Break the Formation to Protect the Country 
2/2 
Wynter disguised herself as a Foplyan soldier again and infiltrated the patrol team. 
The black fog over the military camp was dispersing uncontrollably. 
Others could not see it, but as the cultivator who planned all these, the Soul Forger’s expression changed 
when he saw the eastern sky. 
His face darkened. “How could someone break the formation?” 
Saying this, he grabbed Harvey, who was beside him. “Didn’t I tell you to kill all the cultivators around you?” 
“M–Master, I do not know. What formation?” Harvey, who was there to report on other matters, was 
confused. 
His teeth were chattering in fear. “Master, I can assure you that all of them have been killed.” 
“Then who broke the formation?” the Soul Forger growled with veins rising on his face. “Julian? That’s impossible. It cannot be him. His age makes it impossible for him to break the formation. 
“Other than him, who could make that stubborn old man self–transform? Could there be others in the 
formation?” 
Harvey was frightened by the Soul Forger because he seemed to be talking to someone, or talking to 
himself. 
###chapter1006
Chapter 1006 Breaking the Formation and Blowing up People 
Chapter 1006 Breaking the Formation and Blowing up People 
“The Quinnell famil 
News from the Quinnells has obviously been intercepted. This person next to me 
did it. There should be no mistake. And I have someone in the Quinnell family. 
“You are right. Find the person who is from outside the formation. No matter who it is, make sure he 
never comes back. I have the advantage here.” 
The Soul Forger suddenly looked toward Harvey. His face looked like it was being shared by two people, 
and it 
was very scary. 
The traitor did not dare to move at all. His eyes showed boundless fear. 
“Go and get the colonel to find the person who sneaked in.” 
Harvey fell to the ground with a thud and crawled around, trying to get out. 
“He saw your face.” 
“Then there’s no need for him to go.” 
With a bang, the door slammed shut automatically, but there was no wind. 
Elwood was still checking the dancers. He had questioned all of them, and none of them was suspicious. 
But there was a set of clothes at the side. 
“I heard that you have a lead on the enemy agent,” said someone with a deep voice from outside the door. 
When Elwood saw that it was the Soul Forger that they had hired, he told him everything. “There is, but 
these people said that they have not seen any outsiders. Yet, these clothes were found next to the soldier. 
“Next to the soldier?” It had to be said that cultivators were more perceptive. “Then, did you check the 
soldier?” 
Elwood guffawed. “Master, you do not seem to know that our Foplyan soldiers are very well–trained. It is difficult for an enemy agent to disguise himself as them. 
“Moreover, we change the secret code every hour. They will be exposed when there’s a problem in pairing 
the codes. 
“We are not simple–minded like the Cascadian pigs over there. Our soldiers are the bravest and most intelligent in the world-” 
Before he could finish speaking, a figure ran in. Sweat could be seen on his lowered head
. 
“R–Reporting to the general. There is a problem with the patrol soldiers.” 
Elwood’s expression suddenly changed. “Idiot! How can there be a problem with the patrol soldiers?” 
The figure bowed even lower. “The enemy agent has somehow obtained our shift change secret code and is now mixed in with our patrol soldiers. 
Chapter 1006 Breaking the Formation and Blowing up People 
“More than a dozen scouts have been killed. It’s happening over there in the 
cave. General Elwood, do you 
want to- 
Before he could finish, a loud boom could be heard. Even the ground shook with it, rather like the shaking 
during an earthquake. 
The overhead lights were swaying, too. Even Elwood’s military cap was askew, and he had to get 
someone to help him. 
Everyone was shaking and swaying. 
When the Soul Forger steadied himself, he raised his eyebrows in alarm. “It’s the armory.” 
Elwood reacted as well and shouted, “Go to the armory!” 
But it was too late. No one dared to go there at all. 
All the soldiers who stood guard there were blown up. The explosion had not stopped yet, as blast after 
blast sounded. 
Not only some of their heavy weapons but also the positioning air–drop missiles placed at the side have been ignited. Nearly 70 percent of their weapons were destroyed. 
They were still losing men, and the entire foot of the mountain had become a blast site. 
At the start, Elwood was thinking about capturing the enemy, but now, he only wanted to leave. 
On the battlefield, it was vital to preserve existing soldiers and weapons. 
“This place is no longer suitable as a stronghold. Everyone, retreat!” 
Of course, the commander should leave first, and he would be taking the plane. 
However, before they could gather on the distant lawn, an annihilator aircraft rose into the air. 
“Wait, I haven’t given an order! Who allowed it to take off?“? 
###chapter1007
Chapter 1007 Wynter Is in Danger 
“No, we haven’t boarded yet. Only the colonel and his deputy are on board, so why did it take off?” 
“The enemy is on that annihilator aircraft.” Elwood suddenly realized after listening to the people below. 
It was indeed Wynter. Even with her skills with the needles, it was difficult to deal with thousands of 
soldiers. 
But it was not a problem to deal with three or four Foplyan soldiers or even a sniper. 
The most difficult thing when dealing with a sniper was finding their position. Coincidentally, Wynter had served as a sniper in the Special Unit. So, finding the sniper’s position was not difficult for her. 
Since she had been to the Foplyans military camp, it would be somewhat unreasonable if she returned without a gift. 
To defeat the enemy, she needed to first capture their chief. Although Wynter’s strategy skills in warfare 
were average, she was good at killing and capturing people. 
She could capture the commander as a prisoner of war and use him as leverage in her negotiations. 
Moreover, the reason she caused such a stir was to force a certain medium to appear. 
No, he was already there. 
   
In the annihilator aircraft, Wynter could still see everything below because she was not flying very high. 
But as she passed by that person, she was sure that she had not seen the Soul Forger in person before. 
Perhaps she had too little contact with cultivators. She wanted to remember his appearance so that she 
could find him immediately after leaving the formation. 
Just as Wynter was thinking, another figure made Wynter frown in annoyance. 
She had seen that man before when she broke into the formation previously. It was the traitor, Harvey, 
and he was still alive. 
Wynter thought that he had died in the fire. She did not expect him to be so lucky. 
Harvey’s appearance always felt familiar to her, as if she had seen him 
“Formation, rise.” 
where before. 
The Soul Forger could not let some unknown inferior ruin what he had been plotting for so many years. He 
was about to succeed, and no one could stop him. 
“Soul, return.” 
In an instant, the sky was covered with dark clouds. 
Black mist rose from the ground. It was the innumerable people who were killed in the time of war. They were shouting and ferociously raking Wynter’s back. 
Chapter 1007 Wynter is in Danger 
It seemed like they wanted to drag her down from the sky. Their faces were pressed against the annihilator aircraft’s windows. 
At this point, the Foplyan commander had been knocked unconscious by Wynter and would not feel 
anything. 
So, the one most likely to be affected by these souls, which even the underworld would not accept, was Wynter. Their resentment was the purest. 
No one could say that they were wrong, because if natural and man–made disasters were destiny, then 
what was war? 
They used to be in a living hell while they were alive, and now they were also the ones who could not be 
reincarnated. 
Whether a country was prosperous or in decline, it was the common people who suffered. 
Pure resentment could not be transformed, so the medium took advantage of it. 
It did not matter that he allowed the other to cultivate. Because, in some ways, this formation was his remorse too because he had not succeeded. 
He always wondered why he could not succeed in the past, and now he had the answer. It was because 
of this misfortune. 
But what if he could also destroy it? 
Since he was from outside the formation, it meant that he was someone from the present world. 
Although he did not know who they were, trapping them here would be better than confronting them again in the future. 
The medium pushed up his sleeve, bit his finger, and pointed to the ground. Blood dripped on the ground while he chanted inaudibly. 
More and more souls rushed out from the ground. Black mist wrapped around the annihilator aircraft 
piloted by Wynter. 
###chapter1008
Chapter 1008 Dalton Wants to Break Into the Formation 
Greed, anger, foolishness, tardiness, and doubt were common to everyone. 
These souls carried the world’s greatest suffering, and each one of them was asking Wynter why they 
were the ones who died. 
Was it wrong that they tried their hardest to live? 
They watched over their one and three–quarter acres of land and never did anything harmful. Why were 
their remains not even whole? 
They have fulfilled their duties and worked like donkeys. They did not want anything other than for their children to live. Why were they not even allowed to do that? 
All these questions from the deepest recesses of the soul could drive a person crazy. 
Evil spirits were not scary, and they were far less unpredictable than the human heart. 
In the underworld, there was something called a Ghost’s Cry. 
It was located at the deepest part of the River Styx. It was said that those who could not wash away their grievances before their deaths would not be at peace after dying. 
With such voices, even the underworld guards would take a detour for fear of being disconcerted by them and end up dying. 
And the scene in front of Wynter was like thousands of ghosts crying. 
If the Savior were present, then she could withstand it. But even then, it had to be a Savior that was 
awakened. 
Thousands of ghosts crying could only be seen during times of war. 
Just like the Soul Forger said, this was his formation, and he had the upper hand. 
In the formation, even with advanced skills in cultivation, there was no way to resist the injustice suffered 
by the earth–bound souls. 
All the questions gave Wynter an awful headache. It was difficult not to feel uncomfortable as one scene after another emerged. 
They were the most ordinary of people. Their wives were dishonored, and their children were killed. Their 
homes and lives were ruined. 
The frenzied laughter in her ears could not be stopped, no matter what. 
Wynter began to lose consciousness. She was still stabilizing the annihilator aircraft with one hand as 
waves of black mist rose. 
At that same time, a crow was flying while cawing rapidly. 
Dalton was standing in mid–air because there seemed to be an invisible barrier in front of him that he 
Chapter 1008 Dalton Wants to Break Into the Formation 
could not get through. 
“My lord, you really cannot enter this formation.” 
2/2 
The crow flapped twice, and black feathers slid out. “All of them are complaining about the injustice they suffered. You cannot break through.” 
Dalton’s eyes grew darker, and the suit he was wearing gradually turned into a deep red robe. 
Like faded ink, karma covered him from head to toe. 
With difficulty, the crow said, “My lord, you should reconsider. You still lack a soul, so if you try to forcibly 
break through, your body-” 
Although the corner of his lips curled up, Dalton remained emotionless. “I should not have had a soul in the first place, but an accident happened. But now, I have to set things right.” 
The crow knew that once Dalton made up his mind, nothing could stop him, so he dared not say anything 
else. 
It was too much of a coincidence that Wynter chose this formation, and it was one that Dalton could not 
enter. 
It would have been fine if he had gone in as a human, but now- 
The crow looked at Dalton’s sleeves billowing in the air. He was devilishly handsome, and he had an air of sophistication about him. 
His hair was tied up in a high ponytail, making his locks dance in the air. His eyes were hooded, and his melancholic look made him resemble a sword–wielding hero in myths. 
Yet, his movements exuded a sense of nobleness. Fankrit inscriptions oozed out from his scarlet rosary bracelet, as if they were on the verge of escaping. 
He did not seem to be bothered by them. 
The formation filled with black mist formed at the flick of his fingers. 
Seeing that Dalton was ready to break through the formation, the crow made plans to find a new body for 
him. 
That said, why couldn’t he wait for a while longer since this reincarnated body of his was a rare find? 
###chapter1009
Chapter 1009 Her Own Way of Doing Things 
There was something that the person in this formation possessed. It was the Soul Commanding Badge that had been used to control Dalton previously. 
He inexplicably went up the mountain and became a boy toy. Had he forgotten about that and headed into the formation anyway? 
Could it be that he kept Wynter not only to feed on her soul? 
Just as the crow was puzzling over this, Dalton suddenly stopped moving. 
Within the formation, the black mist did not increase. Instead, the mist surrounding Wynter stopped. 
The crow was shocked by the scene. Suddenly, Wynter’s voice came from the center of the mist. 
“Because of those intruders. Because there are always people who want power over human life. What should we do when we can’t avoid it? 
“Do you blame others and the heavens? God is dead and has never cared, because if he did, then I would 
be a billionaire. 
“Who gave the Foplyans the right to kill our families and use our souls to protect them? Are you happy to 
be ordered about by them? 
“When farming cannot protect our families, we stop farming. The truth is only within the range of cannons, 
and dignity is only at the edge of swords. 
“We will be beaten if we fall behind. And we have been beaten before, but now we can fight back.” 
The Arcane Way’s method of exorcizing ghosts was through incantations and formations. It was actually nothing more than communication. 
Wynter did not know all those, but she understood people. 
Several souls, shrouded in black, stopped in mid–air. 
Wynter did not notice it, but the badge she had received earlier was vibrating faintly. 
The souls looked at each other, as if gradually becoming self–aware. 
“Who are you?” asked a deep voice that sounded old. 
The souls were looking in her direction. 
Wynter’s eyes were impartial as she answered, “Wynter.” 
The souls stopped crying. 
“Wynter-” The voice seemed to be contemplating. 
Without hesitating, Wynter looked at all the evil spirits in the sky. 
“The Foplyans want to attack us. So, what do you say? Should we fight back?” 
Chapter 1009 Her Own Way of Doing Things 
2/2 
“Fight!” replied one of the souls. 
The other souls straightened up, too. 
This was no time to cry because fighting the Foplyans was more important. 
Just like that, countless souls changed their positions. 
The Soul Forger standing on the ground was waiting for the aircraft to crash. After all, there were thousands of souls in the formation, and no one could remain rational in this situation. 
He would make her life worse than death for daring to stop him. 
With sullen eyes, he cleared his throat and started to chant the incantation. 
He was actually trying to brainwash the souls, but the souls could no longer be brainwashed. The black mist headed for the Soul Forger. 
From their stance, it seemed that they were planning to die together with the whole military camp. 
Elwood saw it, too. His smiling face suddenly froze, and he turned to the side. “Master, why are those things headed this way?” 
The Soul Forger had been cultivating for many years, but this was the first time he encountered this situation. His eyes widened. 
As the first black mist fell, the sounds of the ghosts crying started. 
The Foplyan soldiers, who had been fleeing from the blasts earlier, started to cover their ears. 
“Don’t listen to them,” ordered the Soul Forger as the color drained from his face. 
It was of no use, for nothing could stop a Ghost’s Cry. 
The cries went straight to their hearts, and all humans had something they feared. 
“You. It was you all who killed my daughter.” 
“All of you should die so that you can come and keep me company.” “Hehe. Didn’t you say that it’s okay to remove my arm?” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter1010
Chapter 1010 Natural Disaster 
“Didn’t you say that I was a Cascadian pig and that conducting experiments on my body is the same as conducting experiments on white mice? Then let me experiment on you, too.” 
“Don’t be scared. Archer, go hold down his legs.” 
“His hands look delicious. I’m in charge of the hands.” 
One after another, their voices echoed, and it was mixed with laughter and tears. 
The Foplyans soldiers were scared out of their wits, so they kept retreating. Someone raised their gun but ended up shooting another person. 
When people were extremely frightened, they would start killing each other. 
Wynter did not look at what was going on. She flew the annihilator aircraft higher and dropped a shell 
directly on their communications tower. This would cut off their retreat. 
Clenching his fists, the Soul Forger wanted to raise his sword and start the formation again. 
However, there were voices in his ears. 
“Why did you lie to us?” 
“Master, why did you make us help the Foplyans?” 
“You will not ascend.” 
“It’s impossible for you to attain enlightenment in this lifetime.” 
“You betrayed your mentor and destroyed the whole sect.” 
“Your abilities are mediocre and are not even one–tenth of Julian’s.” 
“You will only be old and ugly. You will never see the world again.” 
The last sentence made him vomit a mouthful of blood. 
He clutched his chest with his right hand while his face flickered with emotions. “Who says that I will not see the world? What do you know? You souls are not worthy to mess with my Arcane mind. 
I’m the only one qualified to ascend. None of them appreciated their talents, especially the one who keeps company with evil spirits. 
“She’s the one to blame for everything. I had persuaded everyone to take the test. Those fellows are 
useless and are of no use to me 
“I might as well kill all of them since they broke the heavenly law. They warded off several thunderstrike trials for a female apprentice. If they don’t die, who will?” 
The man was laughing when he suddenly spurted out a mouthful of black blood. 
There were two souls in that one body. He was the one affected the most by the thousands of ghosts 
Chapter 1010 Natural Disaster 
crying. 
212 
“H–Help me-” The sword in his hand fell to the ground as he tossed and turned. His two faces seemed to be fighting, each wanting to get ahead of the other and break free from the body. 
Everyone on the battlefield was running because they were th 
target of 
target of spiritual attacks by the souls. 
On the other side, Elwood had gone crazy and was dancing the same dance he did when the Foplyans were victorious, 
Thrusting his bayonet forward, he impaled several of his soldiers. He terrifying. 
The earlier explosions had caused a flash flood. 
was laughing heartily and looked 
The Soul Forger lay on the ground while clasping his emerald pendant and looked as if he would expire 
soon. 
Between the two souls, neither one would let the other out first. 
“As an inferior, do you think you could have your current Arcane Way if I had not possessed you?” 
“Let me out.” 
“Master, only one of us can survive. You chose me because you realized that we have the same character. 
His face shifted twice more, then his body stiffened, and he never made a sound again. He was still gripping the piece of emerald. 
The flash flood was swiftly approaching, and the Ghost’s Cry had ended. Even the Foplyan soldiers came to their senses, but what was the point? Few could escape natural disasters. 
###chapter1011
Ca
Chapter 1011 The Red Streak 
The once invincible man lay sprawled on the ground, trampled by others. 
Just then, a disheveled figure crawled over. He had been watching from afar for some time. His gaze was fixated on the pendant hanging from the Soul Forger’s neck. 
After ensuring the Soul Forger would not wake up, he seized the pendant and prepared to depart. 
Suddenly, the Soul Forger opened his eyes. There was still blood trickling from his eyes as he lay on the ground. His lips curled into a smile, and his fingers clenched tightly around the man’s hand. 
Eventually, the man’s eyes gradually dulled, shrouded in black mist. Only then did the Soul Forger lay back down. 
The man rose, his face dark with malice. With each step, a bearable itch crept over him. His heart started beating faster and faster. 
Simultaneously, the military received a battle report. 
“Report! The mountain slope has collapsed, and the armory has been set ablaze. They’re forced into retreat! There are countless casualties, but we are unable to tally the count now.” 
The chief of staff was initially skeptical of the report, but he couldn’t deny the continuous sound of cannons booming. 
Overjoyed, he said, “Those Foplyan soldiers are finally getting what they deserve! Even Heaven couldn’t stand by anymore–it wants to punish those beasts!” 
Suddenly, the chief of staff’s eyes widened as he grasped the crucial point. “Wait, did you say someone set fire to their armory? Who did it? Was it our men or someone else?” 
“It should be considered our men,” the soldier replied. He received a significant amount of information that day. The most incredible thing was that several college students claimed they were from the future. 
The chief of staff had been extremely busy over the past few days, lacking proper rest, and had sustained 
an injury. 
Hence, the soldier first reported the news about the medicine to the chief of staff and didn’t have time to say anything else. 
The chief of staff said, “What do you mean, ‘considered? We need to recruit such talent!” 
“Actually, it’s like this…” The soldier took a deep breath and reported all the news he had gathered that 
day. 
The chief of staff paused, pacing back and forth. “The future? College students? The future?” 
“Yes, that’s what they said. They also brought a device with information about the enemy’s deployments 50 miles away and the next stronghold’s location,” the soldier explained. 
Just as the chief of staff was feeling overwhelmed, the alarm sounded. 
Chapter 1011 Thi Red Strenk 
“It’s a Foplyan annihilator aircraft!” 
“It has missiles on it!” 
“How did it get here?” 
“Who leaked our location?” 
The chief of staff’s face turned pale. Although they had underground air–raid shelters, a missile hit could 
flatten the entire area. 
Moreover, the soldiers on the ground wouldn’t have time to retreat. Their scarce food supplies were also 
nearby. 
“Sir, should we shoot it down?” 
The chief of staff yelled, “Of course! We must shoot it down! Quickly, protect the women and children 
first. Hurry!” 
“Wait a moment.” A white–haired teenager–walked over. 
The chief of staff had never seen him before and assumed he was just a child from the residential area. 
“Why are there still people from the living quarters here? Quickly hide underground with the others. Hurry!” 
“I might know the person piloting that annihilator aircraft,” the white–haired teenager said, standing firm. Please wait a moment. Let her fly closer.” 
The chief of staff was about to argue that waiting for it to get closer would be disastrous. Just then, he saw a streak of red unfurling in the wind from the plane. 
###chapter1012
Chapter 1012 Our People 
Amid the swirling smoke, a red banner fluttered vividly in the wind. 
The four college students watched with varying expressions. Jairo felt his heart pounding. 
The flag from that era wasn’t quite like the one today, but the chief of staff sensed an indescribable 
power in it. 
“Chief, she’s one of ours! She’s using hand signals!” 
“Those are our hand signals!” 
Jairo and Kristina were stunned. Who was this young woman? How could she know these early military hand signals? Even in the 21st century, such knowledge was top secret! 
Their surprise was understandable. Wynter was young and looked like a celebrity–someone you’d never associate with the military, let alone piloting an annihilator aircraft. 
“And she can control ghosts,” Kristina muttered. It meant that she was capable of commanding rather than exorcizing them. 
They exchanged bewildered glances. 
Wynter maneuvered the plane, landing it gently on a flat area. The wind rustled the wild grass. 
The soldiers were initially puzzled, but soon they started cheering. “It’s one of our own. It’s definitely one of our own!” 
“Do we have someone who can fly an annihilator aircraft? How come I didn’t know?” the chief of staff asked his subordinate excitedly. 
The man was equally baffled. “I didn’t know, either.” 
It was said that the Foplyan army’s weapons were incredibly advanced, especially their annihilator aircraft with navigation capabilities. 
Even those who had studied abroad might not know how to fly them. Moreover, it was rare for one to be 
in contact with the aircraft. 
The chief of staff couldn’t contain his excitement. “Let’s take a look!” 
They ran, faces streaked with mud after days of fighting, but their eyes shone with hope. 
“Sir, it’s the college student who claimed she’s from the future!” 
The chief of staff kept running. Can college students in the future fly annihilator aircraft? Incredible!” 
“She also sent us herbs that work like antibiotics!” a soldier exclaimed. 
The chief of staff’s eyes widened. “Is she the genius doctor you mentioned?” 
“Yes. She also has the device with photos of the enemy’s deployment!” 
Chapter 1012 Our People 
2/2 
The chief of staff took off his hat and laughed, overjoyed. “Where did such a treasure come from? She’s 
part of us now!” 
“Report!” Before the chief of staff could reach Wynter, another soldier ran up to him. “Sir, s–she captured Someone important.” 
The chief of staff narrowed his eyes. “What do you mean by ‘someone important?” 
The soldier’s eyes gleamed with excitement as he explained, “She captured their highest–ranking commander. The aircraft is also loaded with sniper rifles and long–range artillery we don’t even have!” 
The chief of staff stopped in his tracks, his throat tightening. “What did you say?” 
“She captured their highest–ranking commander!” 
For days, they had endured eating tree bark and sustained injuries. Yet, the entire troop had never thought of retreating. They started with a full company, now reduced to just over 30 men. 
Their mission was to destroy the enemy’s sniper points before the main force arrived. 
When they arrived, they found many unarmed civilians behind the mountains. They feared they wouldn’t be able to protect the innocent. 
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter1013
Chapter 1013 Show Respect 
As the chief of staff, Axel Zenfeld was under immense pressure. 
Everyone praised him as a military prodigy. With merely 30 soldiers, he managed to put up a fight for so long and bought time for the main force. Moreover, they managed to destroy several enemy 
communication hubs. 
The enemy hesitated to commit a full–scale assault and resorted to relentless bombing from their annihilator planes. They presumed the bold offensive was a carefully laid trap, and there was a substantial force in ambush. 
Axel orchestrated this perception deliberately. Regardless of the dire condition, he still wanted to retain his mighty nation’s pride. He would never back down. 
In fact, he had ascended the mountain to provoke the enemy, which led to their bombardment. His fearless demeanor convinced all the enemy soldiers that it was undoubtedly a trap. 
Elwood had said, “They are known for their cunning and have numerous tactics, like provocation, to lure us into their traps. There will surely be traps waiting for us if we go over.” 
Their colonel had faced ambushes before, which made him especially cautious. Moreover, he was knowledgeable about Cascadia’s history 
To him, Cascadia resembled a dormant behemoth, with a storied history of battles and strategic maneuvers. He had a penchant for Cascadia plays, including the “Bluff at the Empty Fort“. 
Having fought with Axel three times, the colonel had come to understand his opponent’s character and 
arrogance. 
The Soul Forger had also mentioned more than once that the earth’s energy was currently at Cascadia. 
The colonel had to wait for the energy to dissipate slightly before attacking, as any premature attack 
would be disastrous. 
Their situation improved since the Soul Forger appeared and Axel had ceased his provocations. They had even managed to wipe out one of the opponent’s squads, thanks to the master’s formidable defenses. 
Yet, no one realized their forces were stretched thin. This was due to Axel’s brilliance. 
Wynter sensed it the moment she arrived. 
What drove their victories when faced with outdated weaponry, scarce resources, and limited knowledge? Beyond the will of the people, it was the extraordinary leaders. 
These leaders were rare talents and possessed an unyielding spirit that nothing could extinguish. They 
came for the nation and would sacrifice themselves for it. 
Wynter would never forget the profound impact of learning about Caleb Will’s deeds in her present time. 
Despite the country’s underdeveloped state, Caleb’s achievements could have elevated him to the pinnacle of global recognition and wealth. Yet, he chose to return home because his country needed him. 
Chapter 1013 Sho? Respect 
During a time of scarcity and hardship, when few were literate and opposition was rampant, Caleb said, Having no weapons is one thing, but having them but choosing not to use them is another.” 
Furthermore, Caleb envisioned concepts such as the “Metafield“. He even proposed the name “Linquo for the first–generation virtual reality. 
Many in the modern world flaunt foreign brands, speak in mixed languages, and believe themselves superior. They failed to recognize the countless homegrown talents that had shaped the nation’s history. There was Caleb Will in scientific advancements and a wise old man in agricultural innovation. 
###chapter1014
Chapter 1014 Shifting Formation 
It was often said that man could not defy fate, as everything was controlled by a higher power. Yet, in Cascadia, the belief had always been that humans could shape even the heavens. 
Wynter approached Axel with a mixture of respect and admiration in her eyes. 
Axel, who was momentarily stunned to see her, asked, “Were you the one who piloted the annihilator 
aircraft?” 
Wynter nodded before opening the hatch to unload the cargo. The annihilator’s limited storage space was its only inconvenience. A larger passenger plane would have made things much simpler. 
Axel, seemingly in disbelief, exclaimed, “And did you really manage to capture the enemy’s commander?” 
“Yeah!” Wynter had squeezed the commander inside the aircraft to conserve space. He had just regained consciousness, his eyes wide with bewilderment, and his legs still in motion. 
Wynter’s attention was briefly diverted, but she didn’t engage with him further. Instead, she pulled over another person who was tied up nearby. 
“Oh yes, and I also brought along some other items. We’re not just running low on food, but we’re also short on antibiotics,” Wynter remarked while patting the commander’s deputy. “I had him bring quite a bit.” 
Only Wynter could pull off such a feat. Not only did she steal their food, but she even captured them. Even without the Soul Forging Formation, she could rely on spirit possession. 
Axel beamed with pride and remarked enthusiastically, “That’s the spirit! That’s what makes our 
exceptional!” 
Those who knew Axel understood that such praise was also to deter others from attempting to poach her. “Young lady, can you tell me how you managed to operate this annihilator aircraft? 
“Oh, and we’ve also seized some other equipment from the Foplyans. We don’t know how to use it. Can you teach us?” Axel asked eagerly, his eyes gleaming with curiosity. 
His intent was simple yet urgent–to learn more so that they could enhance their capabilities and minimize casualties during their missions. 
One of Axel’s former soldiers had lost his leg to an annihilator aircraft strike. The first time they encountered this weapon, they had no idea how to evade it. 
Who could have imagined that their team would now possess such a device? More importantly, someone finally knew how to operate it! 
In the past, Wynter would have been eager to break the second formation after solving the Soul Forging Formation. She dared to challenge the formation master because she had mastered the intricacies of the 
formation. 
The master had seized control of the formation and believed he was invincible within it. 
Chapte: 1014 Shirting Formation 
27 
But the moment Wynter released numerous cultivators, the Earthbound Formation shifted. Now, she was 
in control of the formation. 
Wynter looked at Axel and began teaching everything she could. The soldiers followed along eagerly, their eyes fixated on the annihilator aircraft and the sniper rifles instead of the food that Wynter brought. 
After explaining for an hour, Wynter finally took a sip of water. 
Axel, still excited, exclaimed, “I may not fully understand, but some of us do, right?” 
Zayden and another soldier nodded. 
Axel licked his chapped lips and said, “That’s great! Tonight, we’ll continue to scout the place. When the main force arrives, we’ll use the annihilator aircraft to strike first.” 
In the face of adversity, the bloom of hope was always the most beautiful. Wynter had undoubtedly become the prized asset of the entire unit. 
Axel kept nodding and smiling. “Education truly makes a difference. You all should keep studying, and you’ll see the results.” 
###chapter1015
Chapter 1015 Make the Formation Disappear 
The few college students stood nearby, unsure of what to say. 
One of them, who had been wearing a traditional Foplyanese outfit earlier, hesitated to speak. 
Wynter shot her a glance, and she froze, unable to move forward. 
Axel chuckled and explained on their behalf, “Wearing a Foplyanese outfit was for protection, right? I get 
“We disguise ourselves on scouting missions, too. However, we’re constantly worried about getting caught as we don’t know their language. It’s great that all of you know so much. Impressive.” 
. 
Axel’s laughter gradually faded, and his eyes began to redden as he turned to Wynter. “Is our country’s future bright?” 
“Yes, and it’s all because of people like you,” Wynter replied with a serious expression. 
Axel laughed heartily. “My ear didn’t get blown out for nothing! We will win!” 
Unlike others, Wynter could see the changes in the Earthbound Formation. Her eyes narrowed, and her 
right hand slowly clenched into a fist. 
She had learned from Atwater that someone intended to use this formation to alter the course of the war. 
Even knowing this, fury welled up inside her. 
The students hadn’t been chosen randomly but were selected deliberately. 
Ordinary farmers, wealthy individuals, or high–ranking officials wouldn’t cause the people to lose hope so easily. But students, who symbolized the future, were the perfect targets. 
These students represented the hope for tomorrow, and seeing them lose faith in their history was a strategic blow. 
They would argue that the current times were tough, that the competition was fierce, and that life was 
hard. 
It was true. Times had changed, and finding a job as a student was challenging. 
But the formation’s creator had chosen specific types of students–those who wore Foplyanese outfits, frequented bars, and drank only imported items. 
Such misinformation could easily lead to misunderstanding. Over time, as more students with these traits were brought into the formation, they would gradually despair and lose hope for the future. 
The Earthbound Formation could build on its victims‘ despair. It continually replayed the events experienced by the spirits on the day. 
Wynter realized that these four students were likely not the first to be brought here. She sensed an overwhelming sorrow from the depths of the souls within the formation. They had endured countless cycles of this torment. 
Chapter 2015 Make the Formation Disappear 
Each time, students were brought into the air–raid shelter and asked the same questions, leading to the same hopelessness, day after day. 
Wynter glanced at the girl in the Foplyanese outfit beside her. While she knew the real culprit was the mastermind behind the formation, she couldn’t help but feel a surge of anger toward the girl. 
Wynter told herself to calm down as she read the pulse on her wrist. She knew that those from the present could not die in the formation, or it would become unsolvable. This was why people kept being 
sent in. 
Wynter understood that no one had the right to judge others. She was simply overwhelmed and struggled to control her hostility. 
Her personal burdens had worsened, perhaps due to her recent actions. 
There was a time when someone said that young people should have their own passions and dreams. However, some young people ended up betraying their roots. 
Wynter suppressed the darkness bubbling within her, partly because of the mythical beast’s presence. 
Celestial Dragon, sensing something amiss, stood protectively behind her. 
“This formation needs to disappear,” Wynter said. She didn’t just mean to break the formation, but to cause it to vanish completely. 
Wynter looked once more at the newspaper clutched in her palm. 
Chapter 1016 Burn the Papers 
###chapter1016
Chapter 1016 Burn the Papers 
Why was Gordon’s regret in the formation? What else could it be besides protecting the Quinnell family? 
The Quinnell family’s ancestors had been the formation’s guardians largely because of Gordon. 
Wynter had yet to uncover Gordon’s lingering regret. Could there be more clues related to the Quinnell family in the newspaper? 
With this in mind, Wynter reopened the Youth Daily, hoping to find something else besides the letter that 
might connect to the Quinnells. 
She combed through every page meticulously but found nothing new. She creased her brow in frustration. 
as she hit a dead end. 
When Axel noticed Wynter was reading the papers intensely, he brought her a cup of water. After all, it was only right for him to thank her for her invaluable contributions to the team. 
As Axel drew near, he saw Wynter staring at an article from Gordon. Hence, he said, “Mr. Quinnell Senior helped us a lot. Luckily, his son sent word advising us to head south after overcoming this challenge.” 
“Was his son the one who told you to head south?” Wynter said with a suspicious look 
Axel nodded. “Yes, that’s what he said. This article is coded, but we deciphered it with our key and got the 
message.” 
Wynter studied the newspaper again with a serious expression. “Mr. Zenfeld, you must not go south.” 
“Yes, I had my doubts, too. The route doesn’t make sense,” Axel replied, rubbing his head. “I’ve fought many battles and have a certain level of experience. 
“When Mr. Quinnell Senior gave the advice, I thought he might have bought an intel that steered us away from danger. However, something feels off.” 
Wynter crumpled the newspaper into a ball. “Mr. Zenfeld, trust your instincts. The Quinnell family’s communication network has likely been compromised. 
“I met Mr. Quinnell Senior once. If there was important news, he would have delivered it himself. He would not rely on others to do so, even for a coded message.” 
“Are you saying the message didn’t come from the Quinnell family?” Axel’s face paled. 
Wynter looked at him steadily. “I’m, saying it didn’t come from Mr. Quinnell Senior. There could be a traitor in the Quinnell family. In these turbulent times, you must trust your judgment on the battlefield.” 
rify the t 
“I understand.” Axel agreed with the need to rely on his judgment. After all, it was hard to verify amidst war. “I’ll stop the vanguard immediately. They were about to scout the south.” 
Wynter clenched her right fist. “Do it quickly!” 
“I’ll send the riders now!” Axel called for the cavalry. 
truth 
Chapter 1016 Burn the Papers 
22 
Wynter stared at the crumpled newspaper with a sense of foreboding. 
The young man nearby stepped forward and reassured her. “It should be all right.” 
“Can you sense anything from the newspaper?” Wynter asked him. 
He touched it lightly. “It feels ominous. It’s best to burn it.” 
Burn it? Wynter had always considered the newspaper a clue left by Gordon. She never thought of destroying it. 
“Let me think about it,” she said, her eyes fixed on the paper. 
The newspaper had conveyed two messages–a false one and a true one intended for her. The true 
message was from Gordon, while the false one was designed to deceive. 
Only Wynter and the person sending the false message could tell them apart. This meant the imposter had likely figured out that ‘Gordon had left something behind. 
With this realization, Wynter’s thoughts cleared. 
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter1017
Chapter 1017 Gordon Quinnell 
Wynter stood up, determined to act. The false information had undoubtedly caused dire consequences, leading to Gordon’s lingering guilt. She had to rectify this. 
“We caught up with them!” someone reported. “Sir, we’ve caught up with the squad!” 
Axel said in surprise, ‘So quickly?” 
“The road ahead was damaged by the enemy’s explosion. They were just about to turn back and take a different route. So, they haven’t gone far.” 
Just then, the elite scouting squad sprinted toward them with their packs. Despite being just a handful of people, their efficiency was impressive. 
Good scouts had to be fast, adept at hiding, and skilled in signaling. Typically, they were the best in the company. 
Without a frontline scouting team, one had to advance in battle with great danger and uncertainty. 
Seeing the scouts‘ faces, Wynter realized they were marked for death. 
The false information wasn’t just to mislead Axel. Although Axel might have his battle tactics, he was still sure to send scouts to investigate. 
Hence, the intel was designed to lead the scouts into an enemy trap, ensuring their capture and subsequent torture to death. 
“This newspaper must be burned,” Wynter declared while striking a match. 
As the paper caught fire, the southern sky began to clear. 
Sometimes, s held more than just memories–they held regrets. Gordon must have blamed himself for the false message that doomed the scouts. 
Wynter had salvaged the situation now that the newspaper burned and the scouts were called back. 
As Wynter saw the sky clear up, she called out, “They’ve returned and haven’t gone south. Rest assured 
that I will find what you left for me. 
“I know someone has been using your name to tarnish the Quinnell family’s reputation. Once I’m out, I will 
make them pay.” 
The newspaper’s ashes seemed to respond, drifting toward the formation’s entrance. However, a thick. black mist lingered at the intersection of the outside world and the Earthbound Formation. 
The four college students saw this, too. The girl in the Foplyanese outfit desperately tried to run toward it. 
Wynter raised her rifle and warned, “If you touch that, I will kill you right here.” 
The girl’s eyes reddened as she screamed, “That’s the way out! Don’t you see? I don’t want to stay here. another minute!
” 
eute: 101, fordon Quinne? 
Wynter replied calmly, “I’ll let you know when it’s safe to leave. For now, stay put. If you move, I’ll count to 
three. One, two…” 
Seeing she was serious, the girl stopped. 
Wynter was at a disadvantage without her needles. However, she swiftly immobilized the girl with a precise touch and then handed her to Jairo. 
“You shall leave the way you came. Stay here. Once I’ve finished, you’ll return to your bodies. All of you 
shall not wander off.” 
These four weren’t like Wynter–they had entered the formation in spirit form. 
Leaving in this state would mean they couldn’t return to life, and the formation would absorb even more resentment from the living world. 
The spot where the ashes fell was the entrance to the formation. Wynter didn’t believe it was a coincidence. She decided to move closer. 
###chapter1018
Chapter 1018 Eternal Regret 
Axel and his men watched the scene unfold with a sense of eerie fascination. On 
dissipated, they wouldn’t remember any of this. 
1 
formation 
1/2 
Wynter wasn’t worried about any negative consequences, so she continued moving until she reached the boundary between the formation and the real world. 
Suddenly, Celestial Dragon spoke, “There’s something buried here. It’s not good, but it’s related to you.” 
Related to her? Wynter didn’t fully understand, but she didn’t hesitate. She immediately started digging. 
Wynter’s movements were swift, and after digging about seven inches deep, she uncovered a paper talisman. This talisman wasn’t like the traditional ones but was used for calming spirits. 
As Wynter dug deeper, she realized she was no longer within the formation but in a spot in the real world. It seemed like the backyard’s water source with pebbles. 
Beneath the three talismans, she found a cremation urn. She picked it up, and before she could take a good look, the ashes from the newspaper were carried away by the wind. 
Wynter’s gaze turned icy as she looked at Celestial Dragon. “Are these ashes related to me?” 
Celestial Dragon nodded, still sensing the surroundings. “The resentment was strong before but is now 
fading.” 
Wynter realized the reason Declan received the Quinnell ancestors‘ protection wasn’t merely because he was in the family registry. He had been using Gordon’s ashes to anchor the formation and draw energy. 
But who could have stolen Gordon’s ashes from under Fabian’s watchful eye? 
Realization dawned on her. Fabian wasn’t the head of the family when Gordon passed away. Everything 
clicked into place. 
The ashes enshrined in the Quinnell family memorial hall might belong to someone else entirely. 
This was Gordon’s eternal regret -while he could tolerate not being home, he could not accept helping the Foplyanese destroy his country’s energy. 
Wynter’s heart ached when she thought about how Gordon had sacrificed so much for the new Cascadia, only to be exploited after death. 
“I’m taking you home,” Wynter whispered, holding the urn tightly. The southern sky brightened completely, indicating the formation’s imminent dissolution. 
Wynter was serious about destroying the formation. She turned to Axel and said resolutely, “Mr. Zenfeld, I need your help to find a child. He’s five years old and dressed as a little cultivator.” 
“You mean our little scouts!” Axel remembered the children well, especially the little ones. He wouldn’t let 
them go hungry. “He’s over there.” 
He pointed to his usual lookout spot, where a small, skinny boy with one eye closed looked up at Wynter. 
2/2 
Instead of going directly to the boy, Wynter said to Axel, “Mr. Zenfeld, if I asked you to disappear today for the future, would you agree?” 
“Absolutely!” Axel responded without hesitation. He looked at the men behind him, all with soo 
blackened faces. They nodded in agreement, too. 
“We would!” Even the cook, who was roasting potatoes, stood up. 
Zayden stood next to Wynter, his eyes red. “Myla sacrificed herself. Before she left, she asked me to tell you that women today can take on many responsibilities. The women of the future can also do just as 
much.” 
Tears welled up in Zayden’s eyes as he said, “She was happy to see you.” 
His form began to fade as he continued, “I feel the same. Don’t worry. I will become an excellent sniper and win many battles!” 
###chapter1019
Chapter 1019 The Sacrifice 
The other spirits began to fade as well. They stood tall and straight, dressed in their most worn–out 
combat uniforms. 
However, their unyielding silhouettes radiated strength, as if they could challenge all the injustices in the 
world. Their eyes held no resentment, only a hopeful vision for the future. 
Wynter’s emotions surged as she watched them. 
Axel noticed her reluctance. He knew she was good in every way, but she was soft–hearted. As someone 
who had always looked after the young, Axel felt compelled to offer Wynter some comfort. 
“Do you think I’m clueless?” Axel laughed heartily, rubbing his head. “The fact that you’re from the future just means one thing–we’ve already died in battle. 
“People die, and souls dissipate. Anything that lingers isn’t real.” 
Axel remained optimistic as he spoke. “I used to dream that if our platoon had just one of those 
annihilator aircraft, we could have saved so many lives. 
“My soldiers wouldn’t have had to die. We could have defeated so many Foplya enemies. If we had this technology, would they dare to bully us like they did? No, they wouldn’t. They’re cowards!” 
Axel’s expression grew serious. “You’ve made my dream come true. You’re not from our time, but I’m glad you were born in a better one. I have no regrets.” 
Axel exclaimed, “I’m so happy. I’ve never felt this fulfilled! Life is short, but I’ve lived it to the fullest!” 
With those words, Axel vanished. He couldn’t be held back. Just as he said, they were shocked by the presence of these visitors from the future. 
Nearly a century had passed, yet their goals had been achieved. They had glimpsed the future, and there was nothing more gratifying. 
When the red streak appeared, the soldiers shared a collective understanding. Although Wynter’s words were fragmented, they understood her mission. 
Wynter intended to make the formation disappear, but it would be a sin if she did it herself. They would 
do it themselves so that she could leave with a clear conscience. 
Wynter’s hands trembled slightly. She felt emotional as she understood the meaning behind their sacrifice. Despite her immense power, they still saw her as a child. 
The young man said, “They chose to disappear on their own. You don’t have to bear any personal burdens when breaking the formation.” 
“I understand,” Wynter replied, clutching the urn tightly. Her throat was hurting, but she had one last task to complete. 
To truly break the formation, there should be no regrets left within it. She realized she had overlooked 
someone. 
2/2 
The boy facing her, the soured veteran within the formation, stood still. While everyone else was fading away, he remained because he beart was filled with hatred. 
He was such a young child but lost his entire team overnight. How could he not harbor hatred? 
Wymer expoached and drew the Soul Commanding Badge, Suddenly, countless shadows appeared in 
These were the oftrators residual souls. They were surprised that they were still allowed to linger. When They saw Wyte, they underwood she had given them one last moment. 
The cultivators smiled warmly as they looked at the young boy 
Julian” 
My apprentice” 
For the first time, Julian’s expression changed. His darkened eyes started to shed tears. 
Mr. Trevino, everyone. I have no home. I miss you all. Julian sobbed “it was him, he 
Daius patted Julens head. “Remember what you’ve seen, but don’t harbor hatred. Listen to your elder.” 
Eger The boy looked on 
Wynter 
Vyser quely erected, No, dont call me that it messes up the seniority.” 
Copy the 
Chapter 1020 fake Me as Your Disciple 
###chapter1020
Chapter 1020 Take Me as Your Disciple 
Julian looked perplexed. 
The cultivators chuckled, and their lingering souls gradually dispersed within the formation. They 
exhausted their cultivation to pacify the remnant souls. 
Countless spiritual lights surged from the ground toward the sky. 
Darkness began to descend, and everything began to fade away. Wynter knew that the formation was 
about to dissipate. The students, who were unaware, were frightened and panicked. 
Julian’s hand was also fading. “Mr. Trevino wants me to listen to you, and he-” 
“Enough, Atwater. There’s no time. I’m Wynter Quinnell. Remember to come find me and accept me as 
your apprentice.” 
Wynter wanted to bring Celestial Dragon out before the formation completely disappeared. Her gaze swept over the formation’s entrance. 
“I’ll definitely learn fortune–telling and the Arcane Way from you. I’ll also help you if you want to ascend.” 
Julian was bewildered. “Me, accepting you as my apprentice? Are you confused?” 
Before he could finish speaking, the mountain peak began to sway. 
The students looked at each other. They began to scream incessantly as they watched themselves fade 
away. 
“Don’t panic. Once you’re completely gone, you can go back.” Wynter placed a token on each of them. It was linked to the mortal realm and would allow them to return safely without interference. 
The girl in the Foplyanese outfit refused to obey. “Why should we trust you? Maybe you just don’t want us 
to leave!” 
Wynter clutched the urn with one hand and gripped Celestial Dragon with the other hand. 
She sneered. “You think too highly of yourself. You 
don’t deserve to stay here. Go back. Only then can I 
make you pay.” 
The girl was the first to disappear. Everything around her began to change. 
The final sight that the boy saw was a figure standing amidst heaven and earth. Just as when he had 
arrived, he cast a rope and vanished into the boundless darkness. 
The invisible energy dissipated halfway up the mountain. 
Although everything was planned, Declan couldn’t fall asleep. By the time he slept, it was already in the wee hours of the morning. He was awakened by the crow’s cry. 
The sound was not peaceful at all. Hearing it made people feel uneasy. 
Chapter 1020 Take Me as Your Disciple 
212 
Declan got up, inexplicably breaking into a cold sweat. Overwhelmed with a sense of unease and irritability, he summoned the butler. 
Liam also heard the sound and bravely opened the window. He saw a crow perched on a branch. 
The crow was staring at them. It was extremely terrifying! 
Liam trembled and almost dropped the lamp he was holding. “Mr. Quinnell, it’s a crow!” 
Declan frowned. “A crow? How could there be a crow in the courtyard?” 
Liam shook his head. He was also disgusted. Waving his hand, he drove it away. “Shoo! Go somewhere 
else!” 
He didn’t want to hear the bird’s calling. If it kept cawing, someone might get hurt. 
However, the crow seemed unafraid of people. It looked at them before flying away. 
Liam trembled again. “Mr. Quinnell, this-” 
“Don’t scare yourself. Have there been fewer offerings in the courtyard recently?” Declan looked at him. 
with a grim expression. 
Liam shook his head vigorously. “No! Mr. Quinnell, you said that the courtyard matters are always a top 
priority.” 
Declan was suspicious. “Has anything happened?” 
Liam followed him out. “The security room is watching it on 24–hour surveillance.” 
Declan stopped in his tracks, and asked, “And what about Albert?” 
Liam whispered, “That’s the thing that’s strange to me. Nothing has happened between Mr. Albert and Ms. 
Horton.” 
Chapter 1021 Know the Crow 
Declanis attention immediately shifted at those words 
Liam adjusted the lamo slightly higher. “Mr. Quinnell, I’m concerned that Mr. Albert isn’t quite aligned with en His attitude toward Ms. Horton today wasn’t very welcoming 
“That’s true Decian squinted. After all, he’s not like his dad. We’ll have to test his intentions.” 
Albert had endured long enough, but he knew he couldn’t expose himself. He needed to give Wynter time. 
Though Wynter had said he should follow his heart, he decided to wait for Wynter. 
Albert also wanted to know what was going on with Declan, the Quinnell family’s savior, who was perfect in front of others 
At the same time, in Quinnell Villa’s backyard, a crow emerged silently from a black mist, unseen by anyone. He had arrived on command. 
Dalton couldn’t enter this formation, but the crow could. However…. 
“Lord, should we investigate Ms. Quinnell’s past life? The crow could see the mirror image in the formation 
He continued, “The voluntary dissipation of a heroic spirit is understandable, but that Soul Commanding 
Badge isn’t something just anyone can obtain, right?” 
The crow scrutinized Daltors profile cautiously. “Lord, do you think Ms. Quinnell might be connected to 
That- 
The formation is breaking,” Dalton interrupted. His handsome face was devoid of emotion, but his pale complexion was stark against the night. “She’s coming out. Stay here.” 
The crow caved softly. 
Dalton’s dark eyes were unreadable. “Celestial Dragon is here. You two can catch up.” 
“Are you suggesting I take Celestial Dragon to meet you?” the crow speculated. 
Dalton supported himself with a black umbrella, gesturing for the crow to return to where he had landed. 
To disguise himself as a common bird, he needed to suppress his presence. The crow swooped back. 
Just as Dalton vanished, Wynter returned to the present world, still holding the cremation um. 
The ashes were the only link between the present world and the Earthbound Formation. 
If there were aches inside the formation, they must exist outside, too. Both needed to be unearthed to 
nullify the current geomantic/layout 
“Here? Wynter’s gaze swept over Whitley. 
Whitley nodded at first, then seemed to sense something. He froze momentarily, and his eyes darted 
Chapter 1021 Know the Crow 
2/2 
toward the bushes on the right. 
“What? Is something wrong?” Wynter now had a new understanding of Whitley. 
She used to believe dragons could only control the weather, but after entering the formation with Whitley once, she realized his effectiveness surpassed any testing device. 
Whitley stared at the bushes, seemingly hesitant. “It’s nothing. I must have been mistaken.” 
“Be more confident in yourself.” As Wynter said that, she suddenly raised her right hand. The copper coin was flicked out and landed heavily on a branch, causing the tree to sway along with it. 
The crow was startled. Since he had concealed his presence, no one should have been able to detect him except for Celestial Dragon. He didn’t expect a human to detect him. 
To avoid exposure, the crow had no choice but to land on the ground and play dead, mimicking an ordinary bird. 
After a glance at him, Wynter approached slowly and examined him with a neutral expression. 
The crow dared not move. He lay there with his legs splayed out. 
Suddenly, Wynter chuckled and lifted her gaze to Whitley. “Is this what you sensed?” 
Whitley didn’t deny it. 
Wynter casually toyed with her purple sugilite pendant as she addressed the crow casually, “How long do you plan on playing dead?” 
The crow stiffened. Seriously? 
“A crow playing dead so convincingly is quite rare.” With a smirk, Wynter picked it up. She asked Whitley, Do you know this crow?” 
###chapter1021
Chapter 1021 Know the Crow 
Declan's attention immediately shifted at those words.
Liam adjusted the lamp slightly higher. "Mr. Quinnell, I'm concerned that Mr. Albert isn't quite aligned with us. His attitude toward Ms. Horton today wasn't very welcoming."
"That's true." Declan squinted. "After all, he's not like his dad. We'll have to test his intentions."
Albert had endured long enough, but he knew he couldn't expose himself. He needed to give Wynter time.
Though Wynter had said he should follow his heart, he decided to wait for Wynter.
Albert also wanted to know what was going on with Declan, the Quinnell family's savior, who was perfect in front of others.
At the same time, in Quinnell Villa's backyard, a crow emerged silently from a black mist, unseen by anyone. He had arrived on command.
Dalton couldn't enter this formation, but the crow could. However…
"Lord, should we investigate Ms. Quinnell's past life?" The crow could see the mirror image in the formation.
He continued, "The voluntary dissipation of a heroic spirit is understandable, but that Soul Commanding Badge isn't something just anyone can obtain, right?"
The crow scrutinized Dalton's profile cautiously. "Lord, do you think Ms. Quinnell might be connected to that—"
"The formation is breaking," Dalton interrupted. His handsome face was devoid of emotion, but his pale complexion was stark against the night. "She's coming out. Stay here."
The crow cawed softly.
?
Dalton's dark eyes were unreadable. "Celestial Dragon is here. You two can catch up."
"Are you suggesting I take Celestial Dragon to meet you?" the crow speculated.
Dalton supported himself with a black umbrella, gesturing for the crow to return to where he had landed. To disguise himself as a common bird, he needed to suppress his presence. The crow swooped back. Just as Dalton vanished, Wynter returned to the present world, still holding the cremation urn.
The ashes were the only link between the present world and the Earthbound Formation.
If there were ashes inside the formation, they must exist outside, too. Both needed to be unearthed to nullify the current geomantic layout. "Here?" Wynter's gaze swept over Whitley.
Whitley nodded at first, then seemed to sense something. He froze momentarily, and his eyes darted toward the bushes on the right. "What? Is something wrong?" Wynter now had a new understanding of Whitley.
She used to believe dragons could only control the weather, but after entering the formation with Whitley once, she realized his effectiveness surpassed any testing device.
Whitley stared at the bushes, seemingly hesitant. "It's nothing. I must have been mistaken."
"Be more confident in yourself." As Wynter said that, she suddenly raised her right hand. The copper coin was flicked out and landed heavily on a branch, causing the tree to sway along with it.
The crow was startled. Since he had concealed his presence, no one should have been able to detect him except for Celestial Dragon. He didn't expect a human to detect him.
To avoid exposure, the crow had no choice but to land on the ground and play dead, mimicking an ordinary bird.
After a glance at him, Wynter approached slowly and examined him with a neutral expression.
The crow dared not move. He lay there with his legs splayed out.
Suddenly, Wynter chuckled and lifted her gaze to Whitley. "Is this what you sensed?"
Whitley didn't deny it.
Wynter casually toyed with her purple sugilite pendant as she addressed the crow casually. "How long do you plan on playing dead?" The crow stiffened. Seriously?
"A crow playing dead so convincingly is quite rare." With a smirk, Wynter picked it up. She asked Whitley. "Do you know this crow?"
###chapter1022
Chapter 1022 Reforming the Quinnell Family 
Whitley wasn’t entirely sure. “Possibly.” 
“That’s a good thing.” Wynter lifted the crow and locked eyes with him. “Another ancient beast acquainted with Celestial Dragon? Ancient beasts seem to enjoy tagging along with people these days.” 
The crow denied it in his head immediately, wishing Wynter wouldn’t make baseless accusations. He 
wanted to squawk. 
Wynter didn’t press him further. She handed the crow over to Whitley. “Since you know each other, find a place to talk.” 
The crow couldn’t quite grasp Wynter’s intentions. 
But Wynter had no particular agenda. She simply didn’t have time for these ancient beasts. 
What she needed to do was escalate the situation so that Gordon could let off steam. Plus, the matter of 
her ability to enter the formation needed to be kept secret. 
After Wynter buried a copper coin in place, her gaze suddenly fixed on the crow. 
As a Savior, the crow suddenly had a very bad feeling. 
“They say when a crow caws, someone dies.” Wynter smirked. “With you cawing here, it’s natural and 
reasonable.” 
What did she mean? 
Before the crow could figure it out, he was already under a binding spell. 
If this were earlier, he could have broken free in minutes. Unfortunately, Wynter now wore the Soul 
Commanding Badge. 
The crow couldn’t move his wings. 
“Soon, it will be the break of day.” Wynter checked her watch and said with a smile, “Judging from your beady little eyes, you should understand me. After all, you’re an ancient beast, right?” 
The crow disagreed with Wynter about the beady little eyes. 
“Just stay put. You can start cawing at 9:00 am. I’ll draw a circle for you later so you can move but not fly.” 
Wynter gently stroked his wings. “Thanks, buddy.” 
The crow was speechless. He had no choice but to endure it. After all, he had received orders from 
Dalton. 
Whitley watched this scene unfold nearby, seemingly thinking about something. 
Seeing Wynter about to leave, he followed. 
“Your relative’s ashes are still down there. Why aren’t you digging them up?” Whitley was puzzled. 
Chapter 1022 Reforming the Quinnell Family 
With one hand bracing herself, Wynter vaulted over the wall. “They sayt in peace,‘ but my great–great- grandpa is about to be unearthed. 
“After all these years of disturbance, it’s time for those who have both benefited from the Quinnell family 
and desired their downfall to witness firsthand the consequences of their actions.” 
This was the only way to straighten out the crooked Quinnell family. 
Gordon’s regret extended beyond the underground. 
Declan was able to prosper for so long because Gordon’s ashes were suppressing the formation. 
Gordon probably wanted more than anyone else to witness the eradication of the remnants of the 
Quinnell family’s sins. 
Wynter wanted Gordon to be unearthed gloriously. 
At the same time, in the third–floor bedroom, Declan was completely unaware that Wynter knew the 
backyard’s secret. 
His mind was still on Albert, worrying about what he might be up to. 
“During breakfast tomorrow, tell Jolene to find a way to stay a little longer,” he instructed. 
Liam nodded. “Yes, Mr. Quinnell.” 
Being cautious, Declan glanced at the monitor again. He lay back down after making sure nothing was 
wrong. 
On the other side of the villa, Wynter had quietly returned to her room. 
Her phone had run out of battery in the formation. As soon as she charged it and turned it on, it buzzed with an overwhelming number of messages. Some were from Fabian, Albert, and even Abel. 
These were all expected, except for the message from Dalton. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow as she read the message that informed her that Wolf was with him. Dalton had 
taken him to Mt. Dragon. 
###chapter1023
Chapter 1023 Sweet Sensations 
Something telt off, but Wynter had no time to dwell on it now. Since Wolf had headed to Mt. Dragon, everything should be fine. 
Wynter breathed a sigh of relief, feeling considerably better. 
Glancing at the messages again, she typed a quick “thanks” on her phone. 
Soon, a reply came. “If you didn’t show up when you did, I was going to call the cops.” His resentment under the cool tone was clear. 
Just as Wynter pondered whether to call and explain, her phone rang. It was a video call from Dalton. 
She couldn’t ignore it, especially since Wolf was with him. 
As she answered the call, a strikingly handsome face appeared on her screen. 
He seemed to be truly in the mountains. He was surrounded by swirling clouds and intersecting shadows 
of trees. Only his distinctive features stood out 
Wynter hesitated at the familiar yet strange sensation She couldn’t help but think he looked more suited 
to robes than a suit, especially a vibrant crimson one 
But now wasn’t the time to think about these things. She needed to ask about the main issue. 
“Where’s Wolf?” She peered into the endless darkness behind him. Since when did Mt. Dragon get so 
misty? 
Dalton’s gaze lowered briefly at her words. His eyes, always inscrutable, made Wynter feel oddly quilty. Perhaps it was from admiring his looks a bit too much earlier. 
“Is he not with you?” 
“Not at the moment,” Dalton replied casually. “Are you just asking about him?” 
Wynter spoke up. And you, too. There’s been too much going on today. Let’s meet up, and I’ll fill you in 
properly then.” 
Little did Wynter know, as she said that, countless malevolent spirits were kneeling before Dalton. 
Being in a bad mood, he dispersed the wicked energy in the mountains. 
The king of malevolent spirits thought he had encroached on Dalton’s territory Trembling, he offered 
Dalton the Ethereal Frostwort–a rare herb–in both hands. 
Suddenly, Dalton seemed to smile faintly. 
The malevolent spirits trembled even harder. Dalton’s smile sent shivers down their spines. They 
preferred him to talk it out. 
“Wolf is fine.” Dalton reassured before adding, “Mt. Dragon can soothe his hostile aura. * 
Wynter agreed. “Keep him there. I’ll come visit in a few days I have matters to attend to here‘ 
“Like running away from home? Dalton’s voice was plenser 
Wynter wasn’t surprised that he knew. His network of information was extensive. Since he knew, she might as well share her thoughts with him. 
After hearing her out, Dalton tapped his fingers. “It should be more fitting for Mr. Quinnell Sentor to 
announce this news.” 
“You’re right.” Smiling, Wynter tilted her head. “Everyone will want to see what unfolds.” 
Dalton seemed to be on her wavelength, even more adept at playing people than she was 
“Invite Shane as well. After all these years of being a pawn, he deserves to be informed,” Dalton said casually. 
Wynter’s eyes lit up. “I almost forgot about him. He’s so concerned with his reputation. Your idea will be a 
torture to him.” 
“For all these years, he turned a deaf ear to you and brought in a sponses to try and replace you, all because of some elusive divination.” Dalton’s eyes were profound. “Shouldn’t he face the consequences? 
“If I hadn’t met you in Southdale, and if you hadn’t had such incredible abilities, you might have struggled 
to survive in Kingbourne because of him. He should have faced his consequences long ago.” 
A1 Dalton’s words, Wynter suddenly felt a surge of impulse to tell him some things. 
###chapter1024
Chapter 1024 Make a Fool of Herself 
But having gone through an Earthbound Formation, Wynter had connected the formation and the present world. Moreover, it all pointed back to Gordon. 
Wynter needed to stay calm. 
The medium inside the formation was too enigmatic. Wynter had never seen him, but he was clearly 
worshiped in the present world. Who exactly was he? 
She had discussed this with the cultivator inside the formation. 
Logically speaking, the medium couldn’t still be alive. Even if he were, he wouldn’t be able to walk. 
No one around them fit this description. But Wynter’s experiences told her that this person was not far 
from her. 
She was leaning toward the idea that he had used some sort of secret technique, like soul–switching. 
The thought made her eyes darken. She glanced at her phone, recalling Dalton’s past–life presence in the 
Hawford formation. 
Wynter felt there was some connection here, but a missing piece prevented her from seeing the whole 
picture. 
“What are you thinking about?” A deep, pleasant voice from her phone brought her back to reality. 
Wynter looked down. “I’m wondering how Declan managed it all.” 
Declan kept so many secrets and hid them so well. And what was with that badge? Abel had investigated, but Declan was too meticulous, so the information gathered was too fragmented. 
“He has many connections. If it weren’t for Mr. Quinnell Senior, with Declan’s methods, Shane wouldn’t even have a place as a puppet in the Quinnell family,” Dalton said casually. 
Wynter heard the implication in his words. “Besides the Quinnell family’s shareholders, does he have 
other hidden connections?” 
“Since ancient times, the nobility believed in fortune–telling.” Dalton chuckled lightly. “If Shane is just 
infatuated, then Declan truly has ties with various Arcane Way sects.” 
Just then, Dalton dropped a bombshell. “He studied Arcane Way but didn’t fully grasp it. Strictly speaking, he was a lay apprentice of Mt. Dragon, so it was easy for him to make connections.” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “He has connections with Mt. Dragon?” 
How did she miss that? 
“It’s quite a secret.” Dalton’s eyes twinkled with a smile. “Declan is clever, setting up sophisticated gatherings attended by influential people. Everyone wants a peace of mind. 
“After all, no one would admit to being superstitious, especially those who have been in high positions for 
12/2 
Chapter 1024 Make a Fool of Herself 
a long time. They’re sure to grant him favors.” 
Wynter squinted. It seemed like a long process, but there was no rush. She would take her time. She wouldn’t miss any of them. 
Dalton could tell from her expression that she already had a plan. 
At the same time, when the shareholders and aristocrats saw Fabian’s fiery rant on social media, they each had their own thoughts. 
“Is he really going to break ties with his granddaughter?” 
“They won’t actually break ties, but Wynter has indeed been reckless.” 
“I’ve always said this. What could someone from a small place actually know? She’s just lucky.” 
“Now it seems her luck has run out. Mr. Quinnell Senior is furious. I think this was all part of his plan to get Wynter to behave, but who knew she would be so reckless after gaining benefits?” 
“I heard they’re going to the villa tomorrow. Shall we go and see?” 
“Of course. It’s bound to be entertaining.” 
They had really been overshadowed by Wynter lately. Now, finally, they could see her in a bit of trouble. 
Throughout the Kingbourne business circle, despite the appearance of harmony, everyone secretly hoped for Wynter to make a fool of herself. They all had their own schemes. 
###chapter1025
Chapter 1025 Find Her 
Chapter 1025 Find Her 
Shane hated Wynter the most. His existence now hardly deserved to be called living. Wherever he went, he was met with disdainful glances. It was all thanks to Wynter. 
The divination had long foretold her curse on the family, but Fabian had always 
finally understood that she was truly an irredeemable jinx. 
How could Shane miss such a scene? 
Skeptical. Now, he 
He had even leveraged his dwindling connections to bring in a cultivator from Mt. Dragon. He would 
return all the suffering he had endured these days to her tomorrow. 
This night, Kingbourne was destined for sleepless hours. Every household was gossiping about Wynter’s 
runaway. 
Deep within the villa, an old man sprayed blood on the wall. His back twitched incessantly. 
It seemed he was speaking to himself in the mirror. “Find her. You were right. I should indeed find her. 
“In the formation, her appearance was vague, but aside from her, there were a few others we selected. Surely, someone among them has seen her.” 
Remnant thoughts in the Earthbound Formation would dissipate on their own. Indeed, remnants of memories would linger within the formation’s souls. 
The college students thought they had merely dreamed. Yet, that dream felt too real. They were slow to 
process it. 
It was especially so with Phoebe. Her back was still damp. 
She thought she would truly be trapped in that place where she didn’t have food and could lose her life at 
any moment. 
Thankfully, it was all a dream. 
Phoebe bit her finger. But could there be such a coherent dream? Who was that lady? 
Phoebe couldn’t forget the disdainful look Wynter gave her. 
“Disgusting. Who does she think she is, wanting to control everything?” Phoebe chucked her makeup kit. ” Such a busybody. I’ll wear whatever I want. 
“Are those days worth remembering? We’re all out here hustling for money. Why did she act all high and 
mighty?” 
Phoebe didn’t notice that when she threw her things, her dorm mate from the upper bunk also groggily 
woke up. 
Yes, Kristina knew Phoebe Boyd. But Phoebe, as a cosplay influencer, rarely came to school or stayed in 
the dorm. 
Chapter 1025 Find Her 
2/2 
She and her dorm mates were people from different worlds. She had instructed them not to. 
to others. 
..on her 
“I’m a famous influencer now. Lots of people want updates on me. I hope you can keep quiet and say you don’t know me. It’ll save us all trouble, especially since I hardly attend classes. What do you think?” 
That was her exact wording. 
Kristina didn’t recognize anyone in the dream, partly because she thought it was her own and partly due to Phoebe’s previous suggestion. 
Until just now, Kristina still didn’t believe her soul had truly returned to the past. She just felt somewhat 
melancholic and guilty for forgetting those battles. 
If Phoebe hadn’t muttered to herself, Kristina would have gone to the bathroom to splash her face and 
wake up. 
But Phoebe’s actions left no doubt. It was real and not a dream. Their souls had indeed returned to the 
past, provided they hadn’t been collectively hypnotized. 
Who would suddenly want to collectively hypnotize a bunch of college students who were going to 
graduate? 
Kristina took a deep breath. 
Before she could calm herself down, Phoebe answered a call. “Brent, it’s me. I’m here. I really didn’t mean 
to stand you up. I fell asleep, seriously. 
‘I’m still in the dorm right now. It’s really not an excuse. Please forgive me. I’ll come over right away.” 
###chapter1026
Chapter 1026 Shareholders 
Phoebe’s voice was coy, and she wasn’t afraid of being overheard. 
“Boyfriend? How could I have a boyfriend? Brent, who are you hearing rumors from again? He’s pursuing me, but I didn’t say yes. I have you, Brent. I don’t want anyone else.” 
As the sound of the door closing echoed, their conversation grew softer. 
Kristina lay in bed with her eyes wide open, lost in thought. 
Just like that, dawn broke. 
Halfway up the mountain, at Quinnell Villa, Liam had prepared an exceptionally lavish breakfast to win over Albert. 
Declan even made sure Jolene sat next to Albert. He needed to calmly observe these two to see if there was still affection or if there were problems. 
Declan hadn’t slept well last night as he was constantly pondering this matter. 
It was only when Liam came to report this morning that he learned about Fabian’s social media post. 
Now, not only Albert was at the dining table. There were also several shareholders, seemingly gathered together to play chess with Declan. 
Declan couldn’t leave them standing, so they all took their seats. 
Only Albert seemed unaware of what was going on. “Great–uncle, what’s…” 
“Check out what Fabian posted, and give him some comfort.” Declan patted Albert’s shoulder. “You know Fabian’s temper. He’s really stubborn. When he’s angry, he must vent it. 
“I’m afraid the entire company knows about this now. Consider if we need to minimize the impact. 
“You’ve just returned from overseas to take over the business here. I’m concerned some partners might view the Quinnell family unfavorably due to this, and it’ll affect you. 
“Fabian is already so old. Why does he still flare up like this? He really doesn’t care about his body.” 
Declan’s words made him seem like he was concerned but were indirectly telling Albert that all these problems were caused by Fabian and Wynter, so he had to clean up this mess. 
Upon hearing that, Albert tightened his grip on the coffee cup, but he didn’t show any emotions on his face. “Don’t worry, Great–uncle. The impact is minimal.” 
Wynter had said he wouldn’t have to endure after today. He didn’t mind this particular morning. 
It had to be said that Wynter’s methods were effective enough. Declan couldn’t restrain himself from speaking out. 
Albert’s gaze fell on the figures of those still sipping coffee. 
Chapter 1026 Shareholders 
2/2 
If it weren’t for this incident, he would never have imagined that these few would have any issues. 
It wasn’t because he thought they had any morals, but because after being abroad for so long, he felt for the first time that the Quinnell family’s growth was excessively rapid and expansive. 
Some of the funds pouring in might not even be fully disclosed. It was like these people in front of him, whom he had only heard about but never met. He had no idea when they had invested. 
Albert was sharp, immediately spotting the issue here. 
He also knew that, to expand capital, relying solely on that worthless Shane wasn’t enough. There needed to be someone backing them up. 
Having them invest in the Quinnell family this way might not necessarily be a good thing. Albert sensed that these individuals simply wanted a stake in the Quinnell family. 
Declan guided him in talking with these individuals. 
Albert, you probably forgot. This is Mr. McGee. You met him when you were young. Over there is Mr. Tenton. And over there is Mr. Winston Senior’s nephew.” 
Ibert smiled superficially, but his hand hanging at his side tightened, and his chest felt constricted. 
e hadn’t realized before that these seemingly insignificant families had such great ambitions. Each one eemed like a bright–eyed jackal, sniffing out opportunities. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter1027
Chapter 1827 Lively Atmosphere 
Chapter 1027 Lively Atmosphere 
“Mr. Albert, please make sure to remind Mr. Fabian to take care of himself. The y 
their own ideas, so let’s not force them into anything,” someone advised. 
“Yeah, Mr. Albert. You really should talk some sense into Mr. Fabian.” 
Everyone knew better than to meddle in others‘ family affairs. 
The lively atmosphere seemed intentional, aimed at unsettling Fabian. 
ner generation has 
Albert used to be oblivious to these dynamics, but now he saw it all too clearly. He itched to call 
Sebastian immediately, wanting to sue each of them and throw them all in jail. 
Wynter had let slip some information. They were walking right into a trap. 
These seemingly insignificant people had been slowly corroding the Quinnell Group for years. 
Albert had never noticed this at banquets before. Clearly, Declan had put a lot of effort into hiding this. 
Declan was no stranger to such scenes. He had been the one to encourage Shane to collaborate with Foplyan businessmen, all to make Fabian see the reality of the situation. 
He had put in so much effort gathering these people just to witness Fabian’s suffering and isolation. 
Like at the shareholders‘ meeting, where they all criticized Fabian for being too rigid and traditional, it was exactly what Declan had aimed for. 
After all these years, Fabian still couldn’t avoid making a scene with the younger generation. 
He didn’t even realize it himself, but that was his fatal flaw–being too soft–hearted and too sentimental 
bout family ties. 
Declan had seized upon this weakness to go against Fabian. 
iordon had once said his greatest flaw was being too scheming, but what was wrong with that? If he rere like Fabian, he would only get fooled. 
eclan would rather plot against others than end up nameless and powerless within the Quinnell family. 
abian’s scheme this time was indeed clever, nearly fooling Declan completely. In reality, the rangement wouldn’t last a few days and was full of loopholes. 
he granddaughter whom Fabian intended to support for succession to the company was with Declan. ‘ynter was completely immersed in a life of indulgence, lacking any semblance of an heiress‘ demeanor. 
eclan used to think highly of her, but now that he had seen her up close, he realized what she was really 
e. 
ow, the whole city was waiting to see the joke. 
eclan picked up his cutlery. His gaze fell on the empty seat. “Where’s Wynter?” 
Chapter 1027 Lively Atmosphere 
2/2 
“Mr. Quinnell, Ms. Quinnell is still asleep. It seems she stayed up late playing games last night. I knocked on her door just now, but she said not to wait for her. She wants to sleep a bit more.” 
Before Declan could respond, laughter filled the air. The shareholders sipped their coffee. 
“Ms. Quinnell is so calm. She can sleep through even this situation.” 
“Mr. Fabian will be heartbroken when he finds out.” 
As they talked, they glanced over at Albert. 
“Mr. Albert, why don’t you go wake her up?” 
“We’re worried that the conflict will escalate if Ms. Quinnell isn’t awake when Mr. Fabian arrives.” 
Liam added fuel to the fire. “It doesn’t matter who calls her. Ms. Quinnell said she’ll get up when she feels ike it.” 
Just then, Declan let out a sigh and acted like a wise elder. “I’ll go wake her up. Albert, Fabian will be here soon. You wait by the door.” 
lbert knew they were just acting, but if Wynter didn’t make a move, neither would he. 
Uncle Declan, don’t bother. Wynter never listens to anyone.” 
was Shane, who had just walked in from outside. 
e was followed by someone dressed in a robe with a handsome face and a serene expression that owed no interest in anyone. 
in’t that…” 
###chapter1028
Chapter 1028 Genius Cultivator 
“Mr. Pennington?” 
The gathered members of aristocratic families all stood up. 
They had thought Shane was finished, especially with the recent investigations looming over him. But 
Shane had kept an ace up his sleeve. 
After all, Kolton Pennington was a true apprentice of Mt. Dragon. He was hailed as the most likely to 
ascend to immortality. He had outstanding talents in fortune–telling as well. 
It was rumored that he successfully resolved the flooding at Kingbourn’s bay, which seemed quite 
miraculous. Could one truly control the weather? 
But that wasn’t the most astounding feat. They had personally witnessed Kolton restore a soul to 
someone who had lost theirs. 
And just recently, he had swiftly resolved the issue for Austin. 
Moreover, the mall they had invested in had seen stagnant business until he gave a few directives. Once 
they installed a looping fountain outside the square, the business instantly flourished. 
Hence, these people’s faces now displayed a blend of admiration and obsequiousness. 
“Why have you come, Mr. Pennington? Aren’t you supposed to be discussing the Arcane Way with 
overseas scholars?” Declan also stepped forward with a smile. 
Kolton seemed familiar with Declan but remained reserved. “I’m taking a break these two days, so I came 
over with Mr. Shane.” 
“We didn’t know you would be coming, so I haven’t prepared any offerings.” 
The others rushed to speak to Kolton. 
“Mr. Pennington, the talisman you gave me last time is incredibly effective. I’m full of energy now.” 
Albert watched the shareholders fawning over the young cultivator with a furrowed brow. He didn’t know if this unexpected development would affect Wynter’s plans. 
Kolton’s arrival had caught Declan off guard as well. However, seeing Shane, he understood the latter’s 
intention. 
Shane wanted to use this opportunity to eliminate Wynter. 
Well, that was fine. If someone was going to stick their neck out, he would watch from the sidelines. 
However, he was unsure if his “smart” brother, Fabian, would be angry enough to faint after seeing Shane and Wynter turn against each other. 
Declan’s face was filled with a smile as he said with false concern, “Shane, it’s not such a big deal. Let 
Wynter rest. We can discuss this when Fabian arrives.” 
Chapter 1028 Genius Cultivator 
2/2 
“Yeah, I need to wait for my dad to come. I need to let him see how much this granddaughter he brought back has ruined the family.” Shane scoffed coldly as he took his seat. 
He then looked at Kolton, who returned a reassuring look to him. 
Shane had always been an esteemed guest of Mt. Dragon. Moreover, Kolton had carefully calculated the horoscope Shane had handed over. It was indeed a fortune that would bring bad luck to her father. 
Kolton had also heard about Wynter’s recent actions, which veered quite away from convention. He never held such individuals in high regard. 
As juniors, they should honor their parents. Her existence truly defied natural order. 
With this in mind, Kolton spoke up, “Mr. Shane, perhaps we should wait until I meet Ms. Quinnell. I need to read her fortune again.” 
At his words, those around them exchanged looks. 
For Kolton to take the initiative to read someone’s fortune, the person was either extraordinarily virtuous or profoundly malevolent. 
It was clear that Wynter, who had yet to make an appearance, fell into the latter category. 
Albert found the situation absurd. Shane had brought in someone like Kolton so openly, aiming to deal with Wynter. He was beyond redemption. 
It was only at this moment that Shane noticed Albert. He raised an eyebrow slightly. 
###chapter1029
Chapter 1029 Wynter’s Horoscope Is Unique 
Yet, Shane felt that Albert still needed a little guidance. 
So, he walked over and whispered to Albert, “Albert, stay out of today’s affairs. There’s something wrong with Wynter. You’ll know when your grandpa arrives.” 
If Albert could show expressions, he would surely be wearing a cold face right then. 
Fabian was right. The Quinnell family’s ancestors must have accumulated bad karma to have such a descendant as Shane. 
Albert regretted sticking up for Shane in the group chat. 
Shane remained confident. He always only cared about himself. While Albert was abroad, Shane showed no concern for him. 
Upon Albert’s return, Shane displayed concern several times, but each instance was related to his relationship. 
Albert didn’t believe for a moment that Shane hadn’t been trying to sow discord between him and Fabian. 
Details that were once overlooked now being gradually connected only intensified his disgust toward Shane and Declan, who had a friendly smile on his face. 
They clearly wanted to drive Fabian to his death. 
If one attempt failed, they’d try again, ensuring Fabian couldn’t regain his standing. 
Even some of the company’s decisions involved proposals to cooperate with Foplyans, which Albert hadn’t heard about during his time abroad. 
He never would have suspected Shane of being involved. 
Thankfully, Wynter had stood up for Fabian first. Albert felt like he wasn’t fit to be Fabian’s eldest 
grandson. 
At this thought, he clenched his fists tightly. 
Just then, Liam rushed over while panting heavily. “Mr. Quinnell, Mr. Fabian has arrived.” 
Fabian arrived in a flurry, accompanied by numerous bodyguards, all clad in black suits. He didn’t look like he was there to bring Wynter home but rather to arrest someone. 
Fabian led the way, supporting himself with his dragon cane. Though his hair was completely white, his presence was formidable. 
After looking at the faces in front of him, he smiled. “Are you all here to witness my spectacle?” 
The others were startled by his words. 
After all, their business still relied heavily on the Quinnell Group. Also, Declan still wasn’t in charge. 
Upon seeing Fabian, they were frightened. They hastily stood up and explained themselves with sweat on their foreheads. 
Fabian listened with a cold expression, clearly skeptical. His gaze then fell on Shane. “Ah, you’re here, too. It seems like you can’t find peace unless you get involved in this.” 
“Dad, you can’t always misunderstand me.” Shane was always a hypocrite with his cultured face. “I heard Wynter has you riled up. 
“I’m worried about your body, so I brought Mr. Pennington h also medicine.” 
a not only knows the Arcane Way but 
Kolton bowed respectfully to Fabian. “My mentor often speaks of you, Mr. Fabian. The Quinnell family and Mt. Dragon have long been connected.” 
“Mt. Dragon?” Fabian paused at those words. “You are…” 
Kolton replied calmly, “I’m Kolton Pennington. I studied under Mr. Stavius.” 
Hearing that, Fabian glanced at Albert, who seemed clearly displeased. This suggested Kolton was no friend. 
Fabian took a moment to survey those around him. 
He didn’t believe in the Arcane Way, but their expressions hinted at Kolton’s significant status. Kolton was after Wynter. 
“So, are people from Mt. Dragon now meddling in other families‘ affairs?” Fabian asked casually. 
Kolton narrowed his eyes at Fabian’s tone and replied softly, “Mr. Shane is my client. I’m here to read Ms. Quinnell’s fortune. 
“If it disturbs you in any way, I apologize. After all, Ms. Quinnell’s horoscope is quite unique.” 
###chapter1030
Chapter 1030 A Slap in the Face 
As soon as those words were spoken, a buzz spread through the room. 
“What does it mean that her horoscope is unique?” 
“It must be bad.” 
“I’ve heard before that Ms. Quinnell has a tough fate. It seems like it’s true.” 
“Anyway, she’s really rude. How can she let us wait for her? Whic She truly has no manners.” 
Upon hearing this, Albert could no longer contain himself. 
ly’s daughter behaves like this? 
Shane had brought a cultivator here who claimed Wynter’s horoscope was unfavorable. They were intent on branding her forever as a jinx to her father. 
Albert narrowed his eyes. Just as he was about to explode, a light chuckle came from upstairs. 
It was Wynter, still in her black T–shirt and trousers. Her long hair was as dark as ink, and her eyes were inscrutable. “It seems my last cleaning of the company was too gentle.” 
These small shareholders didn’t even have the qualifications to attend the meeting. 
Wynter stared at them with unfamiliarity. “If I remember correctly, you all depend on Quinnell Group to make a living now. 
“I’m the Quinnell Group’s current CEO. Albert, I have only recently taken over the company, so I have some 
questions. 
“These people don’t seem like the Quinnell Group’s longtime employees. Did they buy some shares to try 
to flaunt themselves before me, or has our family truly weakened to the point where even they could 
demand respect from me?” 
Her voice was calm, but her gaze seemed to suffocate those it landed upon. 
“Let’s avoid this kind of collaboration if we can. I can’t tolerate the second party trying to dominate me.” 
This was the first time the people present were directly confronted by Wynter. Only then did they realize 
that she was indeed not easy to deal with. 
But according to the rumor, Fabian was supposedly the one who taught her. Now, it didn’t seem like it. 
Standing at the side, Liam was stunned. 
What was going on with Wynter? Why was she completely different from yesterday? 
Declan also realized something. If the family reunion banquet and shareholder meeting were planned in advance for her to build a reputation, no one was guiding her now. 
He frowned at this scene. 
Chapter 1030 A Slap in the Face 
Just as he was about to speak, Wynter spoke again with a faint smile, “Mr. Pennington? Are you Mt. Dragon’s genius cultivator, Mr. Stavius‘ apprentice?” 
“I wouldn’t dare claim to be a genius with Mt. Stavius around.” Kolton also looked at Wynter, not expecting her to look like this. 
Despite being a woman, her eyes held an indescribable fierceness, deep and predatory. Her cold beauty was tainted by a hint of crimson at the corners of her eyes, making her look seductive yet chilling. 
This was the classic appearance of a demonic cultivator. 
As beautiful as she was, the black mist of personal burdens surrounding her made Kolton quite uneasy. 
He had heard Maurice mention how Kaspar had encountered her and even praised her. 
Kolton couldn’t fathom what there was to praise about Wynter. Wherever she went, trouble surely 
followed. 
Meanwhile, Wynter was unconcerned with Kolton’s opinion of her. She smiled knowingly. “Mr. Pennington, since you’re here, perhaps you can unravel my doubt.” 
“What is it?” Kolton replied, but his words were laced with coldness. 
He intended to tell Kaspar later to keep his distance from Wynter. 
Wynter tapped her purple sugilite pendant while looking at him calmly. “Just now, you mentioned my 
horoscope. 
“I’m curious. Which is worse in this world–having a bad horoscope, or being a father who abandons his daughter because of her horoscope?” 
Kolton found himself speechless at her question. 
###chapter1031
Chapter 1031 No Way They Are at Odds 
Kolton wasn’t sure about the Quinnell family’s internal matters, but Wynter’s words drew his attention to Shane. 
“What nonsense are you spouting to Mr. Pennington?” Shane’s face tumed red with anger. “When have I ever abandoned you?” 
Wynter replied slowly, “I have proof, but answer me first. Can you honestly say you treat Naomi well because you care about her and not just because her horos benefits you?” 
“I” Shane started to speak. 
Yet, Wynter cut him off. “Don’t lie. Mr. Pennington is watching. Swearing falsely before a cultivator could lead to dire consequences.” 
Shane believed in this, and the more he believed, the more fearful he became. He fell silent and could only clench his fists. 
Kolton couldn’t stand it any longer. “Ms. Quinnell, you can’t treat your biological father this way. Heaven is watching.” 
“Let it watch, then,” Wynter said recklessly, as if daring the heavens to act against her. “Mr. Pennington, you might not know, but I’m the last person to be emotionally manipulated. 
“If someone treats me well, I reciprocate. If someone wrongs me, I will surely seek revenge, even if it’s my father.” 
Wynter glanced around the room. “As for others, that goes double.” 
She then lifted her gaze and smiled at Fabian. “I have my grandpa’s support, anyway. Right, Grandpa?” 
“Yes.” Fabian stepped forward. 
There was not a trace of reproach in his expression. He placed his hand on Wynter’s head and ruffled her 
hair gently. “Her temper is just like mine.” 
Albert also stepped up. His gaze was full of affection as he looked at Wynter. 
“Not only do you have Grandpa’s support, but also mine. Oh, and about the question you asked earlier. If 
you don’t want to work with them, we won’t.” 
Albert finally voiced his long–held defiance. 
His eyes scanned the room before finally resting on Declan. He didn’t spare a glance for his supposed 
first love“, whom everyone thought he couldn’t forget. 
Instead, he gently assisted Fabian and spoke respectfully, “Wynter insisted on waiting for you. I dared not 
make a move here.” 
“She’s full of surprises,” Fabian said, clearly pleased. 
Chapter 1031 No Way They Are at Odds 
212 
Albert smiled, too. “Yes, she didn’t reveal her plans to me, either 
store for us.” 
Their harmony left everyone wide–eyed. 
ve no idea what surprise she has in 
Wasn’t it said that Albert had always been at odds with Fabian due to his refusal to marry for the family? This was nothing like being at odds. 
Shane was also dumbfounded. He knew Albert had been distant toward Fabian before going abroad. 
At that time, Albert had someone he loved, but Fabian adamantly opposed and even sent him abroad. 
The two had clearly harbored resentment. So, how had things changed so drastically? What resolved their conflict? 
Jolene had assured him everything was progressing smoothly. 
Shane’s head was spinning. This was nothing like he had imagined. 
Witnessing this scene, Declan felt his heart skip a beat. Unlike Shane, who was slow to react, Declan realized immediately that they were putting on a show. 
Fortunately, he didn’t betray any emotion. However, just as he was prepared to approach and play his part, a sudden sound came from the backyard. 
The familiar, unnerving cawing sent a chill down people’s spines. Was it the crow from last night? 
Declan’s fingers twitched as the cawing continued incessantly. 
Shane, irritated, blurted out, “What is that noise? It’s so annoying!” 
###chapter1032
Chapter 1032 Ominous 
It wasn’t only Shane who wanted to ask. The others had the same question, too. 
Declan couldn’t possibly have let someone into the backyard, so he cast a glance in Liam’s direction. 
Liam immediately responded, “It’s just a crow. Someone has already gone to scare it 
away.” 
“A crow?” Albert, quick–witted, chuckled. “I’ve never seen a crow. Where is it?” 
Jolene, having just finished her makeup, descended from upstairs. “That crow has been on the tree since last night. Didn’t you see, Albert?” 
For today’s occasion, she specially wore a sky–blue designer dress. 
It had caused her financial strain, and the accessories on her wrist were bought with 
a loan. But Jolene believed that after today, she would finally enter fully into the Quinnell family and become a socialite in Kingbourne. 
Albert bringing her here surely meant he was prepared to sever ties with Fabian. 
She had waited for this day for many years. 
When she was young and naive, Fabian gave her some benefits to send her abroad. 
Back then, she should have, like now, found ways to stay in the Quinnell family. 
But fortunately, Albert hadn’t forgotten her. No matter how formidable Fabian was in 
the business world, he still lost to her, someone he had once looked down upon. 
So, some sacrifices were necessary. 
Smiling, Jolene walked over to Albert. 
She had been in the bedroom getting ready, focused on making a grand entrance, so 
she was unaware of what was happening downstairs. 
That included the “discord” between Albert and Fabian. 
Seeing Jolene, Shane felt even more irritated. Was this gold digger blind? Couldn’t 
she see what was happening? 
10 Caud 
Liam wanted to warn her, but Jolene was too eager to highlight herself. 
Before anyone else could speak, she added, “Mr. Quinnell Senior, I didn’t know you were here. Don’t blame Albert. It’s my fault for not letting him go.” 
With a determined expression, Jolene reached out her hand to grasp Albert’s. 
With so many people around, even if she was being affectionate with Albert in front of Fabian, there was nothing Fabian could do about it. 
And after this incident, everyone would know she was Albert’s woman. 
Jolene wanted to stir up conflict between Fabian and Albert, as she had done before. After all, even Wynter wasn’t taking Fabian’s side anymore. That stubborn old man would surely be angered. 
Jolene smiled, but before her hand landed on Albert’s, Albert took a step back and 
looked at her coldly. 
Jolene stiffened, feeling somewhat incredulous. What was happening here? 
“Albert?” Jolene attempted to approach gently. “Did Mr. Fabian say something to 
make you misunderstand me?” 
Albert’s eyes instantly turned cold. “What do you think my grandpa would say?” 
“That I took his money. But I’ve already returned the funds from my studies to him,” 
Jolene explained with a pale face. 
Her explanation sounded like the first love in novels who left with money but 
returned. 
Wynter wasn’t interested in this type of drama. She wasn’t in a hurry to deal with 
Jolene’s affairs. The backyard was her priority. 
“Ms. Horton, you mentioned a crow was cawing in the middle of the night?” Wynter 
redirected the conversation. 
Jolene didn’t want to escalate the situation further. “Yes, and it’s been cawing 
continuously.” 
She might not intend anything, but the listeners might interpret differently, especially 
wgree with SA Tevington on that Wynter errilled niechievously Finr tear mole was family vieilste at the corner of her eye. I find a crow’s persistent calling ominous 
###chapter1033
hapter 1033 Being Called a Genius 
This genius cultivator’s appearance was completely outside Wynter’s plans. But 
since Shane had eagerly brought this “ally over, she might as well make use of him. 
Though she said it was ominous, it didn’t hold as much weight as when Kolton said It. After all, this group trusted him the most. 
Kolton didn’t refute Wynter’s words. He knew that while crows were considered auspicious, they were also known to announce death. 
If it cawed persistently, there must be something unusual here. 
Frowning, Kolton said, “Everyone, we should go take a look.” 
Since Mt. Dragon’s genius had spoken, Declan had no reason to stop him. 
Right now, Declan wished Shane would just leave. Shane had ruined everything. Why must he bring Kolton? 
He might be effective in handling tasks for money, but ultimately, he was not one of their own. 
Shane had no idea he was about to shoot himself in the foot. He had brought Kolton here to solidify Wynter’s fate of being a jinx to him, not to investigate some crow. 
Despite his displeasure, Shane followed along. After all, Kolton was his only remaining connection. 
During this time, he had burned quite a few bridges, but as long as he had this connection to Mt. Dragon, these people would still regard him highly. 
So, Shane said nothing. He just felt increasingly uneasy. How had things developed to this point? 
As they approached the backyard, the crow’s cries became clearer. 
Declan glanced at Liam with a heavy gaze. “Didn’t you say it had been chased away?“. 
Liam had been sweating bullets all along. He dared not tell Declan that no matter how they tried, they couldn’t drive away that eerie crow standing there and crying in 
 
the backyard. 
With Kolton and the shareholders present, hearing something so unusual would certainty prompt questions. 
To divert attention from the backyard, Liam forced out, “M–Maybe it flew back.” 
Seeing his expression, Declan understood there was more to the situation, but the current circumstances didn’t allow him to dwell on it. 
Of course, not just anyone could immediately discern the backyard’s layout. Even if Mt. Dragon’s apprentice was here, it wasn’t a guarantee he would notice anything. 
Kolton indeed didn’t notice the Earthbound Formation beyond the geomantic layout. It was understandable since Wynter had already broken it. 
“What a precise geomantic layout.” Kolton praised, “Mr. Declan, this layout of yours is exquisite in attracting luck and gathering wealth.” 
Declan replied modestly, “You have sharp eyes, Mr. Pennington. The medium did indeed say that this layout can attract luck and wealth.” 
Everyone’s eyes lit up upon hearing this. 
“Mr. Pennington, could my house have a geomantic layout like this?” 
“My newly purchased villa is also under renovation. Mr. Pennington, could you take a 
look and give me some advice?* 
Kolton didn’t refuse. For a cultivator, the more faith they acquired, the more they 
could advance. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow slightly. This genius from Mt. Dragon didn’t quite live up to 
his name. 
She was starting to doubt whether Mt. Dragon was bragging for the sake of fame. 
Was Kolton truly deserving of being called a genius with this talent? 
Wynter stepped forward and kicked aside some of the cobblestones on the side. 
At that moment, Kolton’s eyes flashed. “Wait, this layout…” 
“What’s wrong?” the others asked. 
Being Called a Dent 
3/3 
Standing on the side, Declan clenched his fists. 
Kolton muttered to himself, “This is not right.” 
Fabian originally didn’t believe in such things, but seeing Wynter’s skill, he started learning it as well. 
Seeing that no one was paying attention to them, he asked Wynter in a low voice,” What’s going on here?” 
“He’s too slow, so I gave him a hint,” Wynter replied equally quietly. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Run
###chapter1034
Chapter 1034 Declan Exposed 
Upon hearing this, Fabian chuckled. He wasn’t sure how well others were at 
reviewing geomantic layouts, but he knew firsthand just how formidable Wynter was 
at it. 
The current peace in their home and his Improved energy levels were largely due to Wynter’s revision of the Quinnell residence’s geomantic layout upon her return to Kingbourne
. 
Fabian hadn’t disclosed this to anyone. 
Ever since Wynter was abducted, he had sensed an unseen malevolent force 
gradually eroding the Quinnell family’s fortunes. 
Both the Quinnell residence’s and the hotel’s geomantic layouts were clearly intentionally designed. 
Whoever was behind this knew about geomancy, so Fabian was reluctant to inform 
anyone about Wynter’s skills in the Arcane Way. 
Until things were clarified, he planned to keep certain information about Wynter secret. After all, ever since the incident in Panzarath, there had been inquiries about 
Wynter. 
Fabian had cleverly guarded against them. From his perspective, Wynter was indeed 
qualified to guide this young cultivator. 
Asserting moral authority right off the bat wasn’t what Fabian considered fitting for a 
cultivator. 
Cultivators in the Arcane Way traditionally aimed for comprehensive mastery. Their minds wouldn’t be bogged down by trivial domestic matters. 
Cultivators in the Mystic Path might advocate letting go, but the Arcane Way always emphasized principles and methods. 
Just as Wynter had said, “A debt of gratitude must be repaid, and an injustice must be avenged.” 
Fabian appreciated that about Wynter. 
No one noticed that Fabian and Wynter were whispering. 
Even Jolene was busy clinging to Albert. 
Albert could be considered a very compliant pawn, being clung to without knowing what Wynter and Fabian discussed. 
Suddenly, Kolton spoke up, “Outside! It’s outside the walls, too!” 
The crow flapped his wings as he cawed, nearly rolling his eyes skyward. 
Cultivators these days were getting worse. He had been cawing for so long. Couldn’t Kolton hear? Why was he still studying the layout there? Had he read himself dumb? 
“Is the crow there, too?” Kolton was anxious to follow the geomantic layout and find 
an exit. 
Declan felt compelled to intervene “Mr. Pennington, there’s nothing outside.” 
“That’s impossible. Mr. Declan, with all due respect, your geomantic layout, while 
effective, shouldn’t be overused.” Kolton looked at Declan 
Declan realized Kolton had seen through it, so now he could only play dumb. “Why 
would you say that, Mr. Pennington?” 
“It steals others fortunes. It’s considered ill–gotten wealth, Kolton said earnestly.” 
Mr. Declan, you should ask the families living near you 
“Have their businesses struggled in recent years? Did someone fall ill and end up in the hospital every time they received windfalls? 
*All of this is because of the geomantic layout here, which has siphoned away the blessings that should have been theirs 
As Kolton spoke, the others gasped 
Wynter spoke up at the right moment, “So. Great–uncle has been siphoning off fortunes from these aristocratic families 
‘No wonder the Quinnell Group, Fenton Group, Winston Group, and a few others have hit obstacles in business lately 
nok isco wifnur sien el extent fr51 667 (19.8g pinags not w/ spr 
Chapter 1035 Declan’s Identity 
###chapter1035
Chapter 1035 Declan’s Identity 
Wynter’s remark hit home. However, when she mentioned Kolton, it seemed somewhat perfunctory and insincere. 
But no matter what, her goal had been achieved–to fight fire with fire. 
Their relatives, who had come to witness the spectacle, now turned their suspicious eyes toward Declan. The reverence they had show him earlier had evaporated into 
doubt. 
Everyone believed in geomancy here. There was no room for misunderstanding. 
Kolton, in particular, couldn’t have made a mistake. 
It meant Declan had indeed manipulated things behind the scenes. 
It was easy to dismantle an indomitable alliance–undermine their common interests. 
Declan had always been confident that no matter what happened, these foreign aids 
he had nurtured would stand by his side. 
On the surface, he appeared uninvolved, but in reality, he had bolstered the majority of small shareholders within the Quinnell family. 
With all these relatives, he would benefit in the future when dividing up the Quinnell 
family because they essentially represented the aristocratic families‘ interests. 
Now, he had unexpectedly become their common enemy. 
Declan finally witnessed firsthand Wynter’s power. His greatest regret now was 
underestimating her. With just a few sentences, she had placed him in such a 
dilemma. 
“Well, you sure have a silver tongue, Wynter.” Declan chuckled. He believed he could 
still assert his control. “So, according to you, am I plotting against my own brother 
now?” 
Declan glanced at Kolton. “Mr. Pennington, could this geomantic layout really harm 
someone’s life?” 
“Not really.” Kolton also thought Wynter’s words were too much. “It’s originally a 
Chart 1085 Decians Identity 
good geomantic layout. Most wouldn’t notice the difference. 
“You don’t need to be so aggressive toward your elders over a couple of rocks, Ms. 
Quinnell.” 
Declan sighed heavily. “I can’t blame Wynter. Perha 
ny family doesn’t trust me.” 
He then turned to Fabian. “Fabian, you’ve been wary of me all these years, haven’t 
you?” 
Wynter thought his acting was award–worthy. 
Fabian remained composed. “Declan, what are you implying?” 
“You’ve always disapproved of my closeness with Shane. You believe that his change was all because of my instigation.” 
Declan looked genuinely helpless as he continued, “I haven’t even attended the shareholder meetings. I thought that by staying away, I could ease your suspicions.” 
Fabian, true to his role as a conglomerate’s director, grasped the dragon cane in his hand and said, “Shane’s failures are solely his own stupidity. It’s unrelated to you. If you want to get closer to him, I can give him to you. 
“As for shareholder meetings…” Fabian paused briefly at this. He then adopted a tone reminiscent of Declan’s attempt at cultivating an air of mystery. “You should know the reasons why you can’t attend them.” 
Wynter was right. It was only by countering the opponent’s methods that they could incite anger. 
Declan never imagined his hot–tempered brother would resort to such indirect 
speech. 
“What reasons?” someone asked. 
Declan clenched his hands tightly together. 
Fabian shook his head. ‘I can’t disclose it. You’re all from the younger generation, 
and this concerns past issues governed by the Quinnell family’s rules. Declan, if you still feel aggrieved, you can speak for yourself.” 
“I…” Declan narrowed his eyes, then chuckled. “That’s right, I indeed can’t attend 
Chapter 1035 Declan’s Identity 
3/3 
some crucial shareholder meetings because I’m the Quinnell family’s adopted son.” 
As soon as he said that, the audience reacted with varied expressic 
Declan continued, “When grandpa brought me back home, he said I would henceforth be a Quinnell. But it seems that after all these years, no matter what I do- 
even saving Fabian’s life–I can never truly become a Quinnell.” 
With that said, he glanced at Wynter, implying that such tactics wouldn’t bring him down. It was merely a matter of status. 
Little did he know… 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter1036
Chapter 1036 Slapping Declan in the Face 
Wynter aimed to uproot Decaln’s 70–year foundation.ungbourne. 
“Saving Grandpa’s life once earned you a lifetime of comfort.” Wynter locked eyes with Declan. “If the Quinnell family didn’t genuinely care for you, they could have sent you away with ten silvers back then. 
“After all, beggars were everywhere in those days. Great–great–grandpa couldn’t bear to see a child begging for survival during such a harsh time, so he adopted you. 
“All these years, Grandpa has never revealed your true identity to anyone, always treating you as a real brother.” 
Wynter’s gaze was icy. “The Quinnell family has always treated you fairly, protecting you in every way. Yet to you, our family is still ungrateful. Great–uncle, you truly remind me of a saying.” 
Her eyes made people uneasy. “Some ingrates can never be grateful, no matter how much you do for them.” 
“How dare you?” Declan, in all his years, had never been spoken to like this since he 
was a child. His hands trembled with rage, and a murderous look flashed across his 
face. 
He shouldn’t have spared Wynter and should have confirmed her death back in 
Southdale years ago. It would have been better than having her expose his secrets 
now. 
“What a sharp tongue.” Declan dropped his previous gentle demeanor. “Is this how you behave toward your elders? I’ve truly seen your ability to twist facts today.” 
He looked at the murmuring crowd. 
“I’ve never denied Grandpa’s nurturing. Without him, I wouldn’t be where I am today. He was kind to me, but it’s not the current Quinnell family that I am indebted to.” 
Wynter chuckled coldly. “So, you acknowledge that you wouldn’t be where you are today without Great–great–grandpa.” 
The Face 
2/3 
Her words carried a deeper meaning. 
Yet, Declan assumed she had other arguments, as he 
had visited the past. 
n’t fathom that Wynter 
Feigning sincerity, Declan said, “I’ve never forgotten his kindness.” 
“Really?” Wynter took a step forward. 
She had examined that newspaper closely before leaving the formation. 
Often, the most overlooked details were in local gossip. 
There was a small mention of a beggar rising to become a wealthy scion after saving someone outside the Foplya consulate. 
Initially, Wynter hadn’t connected this incident to the Quinnell family. It was only upon revisiting the article that she noticed that the consulate mentioned in the 
newspaper was the same school built by the Foplyans in Hawford. 
In the previous formation, she recalled that the school had been burned down. But where would the students go after that? This had always worried Wynter. 
Perhaps she was overthinking it, but prolonged education and indoctrination could gradually infiltrate one’s humanity. 
Wynter didn’t really trust the children who came out of that place, even if they were once Cascadians. 
The influence of thoughts and beliefs could be nurtured and ingrained. This was proven by the two Foplyan–sympathizing students she encountered in the formation this time. 
From entering to exiting the formation, Wynter pondered why this formation was so unique and what Gordon’s regrets were that caused his deep resentment. 
Finally, she understood that Gordon’s resentment wasn’t merely due to adopting a son who endangered the Quinnell family. It was because Declan was one of the children who had been raised by the Foplyan troops. 
Since he openly admitted he wasn’t a Quinnell, this simplified everything. 
Chapter 1036 Slapping Decian in the Face 
###chapter1037
Chapter 1037 Grandpa’s Sufferings 
As soon as Wynter spoke, the scene exploded in confusion. 
“Ashes? What ashes?” 
“What are you talking about?” 
It wasn’t just the relatives who were puzzled. Even Fabian and Albert turned their eyes toward Wynter. She had neve mentioned any ashes to them before. 
Declan, in particular, couldn’t believe she knew about the ashes. For a fleeting moment, an unprecedented panic flashed across his face, but he quickly regained his composure. 
He had also studied geomancy at Mt. Dragon. If someone had tampered with the geomantic layout, he would have known. 
She must be bluffing. This was the only explanation Declan could think of. 
With a cold sneer, he said, “This is 
getting more and more ridiculous. Everyone 
knows Mr. Pennington’s skills. If there was something here, don’t you think he would 
have sensed it?” 
Kolton, who had been mentioned, lifted his chin and moved his fingers thoughtfully. 
He tried to maintain his impartiality. “There’s nothing supernatural or evil here. Ms. 
Quinnell, be careful with your words.“. 
“But there’s a crow, isn’t there?” Wynter smiled. “I don’t know much about geomancy, 
but I do understand some animal behaviors. 
“Crows are scavengers. It’s unusual for it to be cawing for so long without reason, 
don’t you think?” 
Kolton opened his mouth to speak, but Wynter cut him off. “Mt. Dragon should have taught you that crows announce death, right? Mr. Pennington, surely, you’ve learned 
this.” 
“I…” Kolton fidgeted slightly. 
Wynter’s voice was mocking. “You’ve learned it, haven’t you?” 
She was doing it on purpose. If Kolton didn’t understand by now, he would be a fool. But he couldn’t tarnish Mt. Dragon’s reputation, either. 
“Of course, I’ve learned it.” Kolton glared at Wynter. “It’s the most basic entry–level knowledge in the Arcane Way.” 
Wynter smiled and addressed the crowd. “Did you hear that? Even Mr. Pennington says there’s something underground. So, how am I being ridiculous?” 
Kolton was flabbergasted. When had he ever said there was something underground? They had been 
g about the crow announcing death. 
At this point, Declan’s chest heaved with anger. 
Shane, still confused, interjected, “Even if crows are scavengers, that doesn’t mean 
there are ashes underground. 
“Your disrespectful tone is unacceptable. Your grandpa might indulge you, but I 
won’t! It’s wrong to slander people like this!” 
“Slander?” Wynter smiled. “Are you saying Great–uncle feels wronged? That’s easily solved. Let’s dig and see for ourselves.” 
Declan’s expression changed dramatically. “You can’t move this layout.” 
“Why? Mr. Pennington already said this layout steals our relatives‘ fortune.” Wynter toyed with her purple sugilite pendant. “If you don’t let us move it, does that mean you want to keep stealing?” 
Before Declan could retort, the crowd voiced their agreement. 
“This layout must be changed!” 
“Yes, Mr. Declan. What do you mean by not letting us move it?” 
Everyone was driven by self–interest. Now that their interests were threatened, they naturally opposed Declan. 
Declan clenched his teeth tightly and glared at Wynter with undisguised malice in his eyes. “You’re doing this on purpose! You know geomancy!” 
“Great–uncle, you must be joking. Geomancy is such a profound art. How could I 
Ga?e 132) Grandpa’s Suffermos 
know about it?” Wynter lifted her brows. “I merely wanted to let you experience what it feels like to be besieged by everyone.” 
Her tone was indifferent. “Does this scene look familiar? You incited them against Grandpa in much the same way.” 
Act Fast. Free Bonus Time is Run
###chapter1038
Chapter 1038 No Point in Seeking Mercy 
At this moment, Declan’s unease reached its peak. He couldn’t allow things to spiral 
further out of control. 
Desperately, he remembered his emotionally significant “family” once again. 
He looked to the side. “Fabian, how could I possibly have the power to make 
decisions about the company? I don’t even qualify to attend the shareholders‘ meetings, let alone incite anyone. 
“Do you have some misunderstandings about me? I did help Shane a bit, but that 
was because he came to me. I didn’t want to see you two fall apart.” 
Shane, foolish as ever, jumped in. “Dad, it’s not Uncle Declan’s fault. It’s mine! All along, you’ve been the undisputed authority in the company. In your eyes, I’m just a 
worthless waste. 
“You never even gave me a chance to prove myself. I had no choice but to seek Uncle Declan’s help. These shareholders acted on my instructions.” 
Fabian didn’t even want to look at him. Was this really his son? 
“Mr. Shane, you’re overestimating yourself.” Since Fabian didn’t want to speak, Wynter took over. “Each and every one of these shareholders is more competent than you. Why should they listen to you?” 
The sudden compliment left the crowd momentarily pleased. However, when they 
saw Declan glaring at them, they realized this was not a good thing. 
Wynter had clearly known all along who was truly behind them. What else did she 
know? 
The shareholders exchanged nervous glances while cold sweat ran down their 
backs. After all, they had done many things after investing in the Quinnell family. 
Wynter had no time to deal with them now. She turned her gaze to Kolton. “Mr. 
Pennington, please start the ritual to prove my great–uncle’s innocence. He only 
trusts you for this task.” 
Chapter 1038 No Telm in Seeking Mercy 
Kolton found himself in a difficult position but couldn’t easily back out. “Then I shall take charge. Let’s go outside and start the ritual.” 
Declan now realized that the situation was beyond salvage. Stopping the ritual was out of the question. He had to find a way to defend himself. 
However, reality soon proved that he had little left to defend. 
The crow was perched precisely, right above the cremation urn. 
Everyone was taken aback, not just because of the crow’s exact position, but 
because the crow himself seemed 
aordinarily unique. 
His black eyes stared at them unblinkingly, as if he saw them as nothing more than a group of dead people. 
This chilling thought sent shivers down the spines of the relatives present. 
Even Kolton, the genius cultivator from Mt. Dragon, was forced to step back when he met the crow’s gaze. 
Everything in the universe had a spirit, and the crow was considered an auspicious 
symbol. Uncertain of its origins, Kolton dared not act rashly. 
Moreover, the pressure emanating from the crow was overwhelming. It was as if he 
had witnessed countless misfortunes, making it difficult even for a cultivator to face 
him directly. 
The crow appeared more noble and enlightened than he was. 
The crow certainly looked down on Kolton. He had been cawing for so long that his 
throat was sore. This weakling cultivator was taking too long. 
If Wynter hadn’t drawn this circle, he would have flown over to peck at Kolton 
himself. 
Kolton felt as though the crow’s gaze was filled with disdain. 
He wanted to examine it more closely when suddenly, the crow let out another loud 
caw. He then stared at Kolton unblinkingly, sending a chill down his spine. 
###chapter1039
Chapter 1039 The Truth Will Eventually Surface 
Kaltan had encorcined malevoler squirts before and logically shouldn’t fear anything. However, the crow before him involuntarily inspired fear 
par had once said that they should be respectful in such situations. 
Kolton bowed respectfully to the crow in front of everyone. “I apologize for any offense.” 
“Mr. Pennington, what are you doing?” someone asked, puzzled. 
Kolton couldn’t quite understand his own feelings but explained, “This crow is extraordinary.” 
“Extraordinary?” The others trusted Kolton’s judgment. Seeing his respect, they followed suit. 
Most bizarrely, the crow acknowledged their bow. He strutted a couple of steps with his head held high. 
Albert was surprised. “Wynter, that crow…” 
“He indeed has quite a background.” Wynter touched her chin. “This seems quite effective.” 
The look in her eyes suggested she was thinking about something else. 
When the crow noticed Wynter’s gaze, he stopped his strut. He reverted to a blank–eyed state, pretending to be an ordinary crow. 
This would be easier to explain to Dalton that he was not to blame. It was Mt. Dragon’s cultivator’s fault 
for exposing him. 
Seeing this, Wynter’s smile deepened. With a tap of her finger, a copper coin disappeared into the ground. 
The circle vanished, and the crow flapped his wings, perching on a branch. The onlookers were amazed. 
Wynter glanced at the crow again. 
Understanding her intent, the crow descended once more and pecked at the ground with his beak. He let 
out a “caw” and went back to perching on the branch. 
His eyes were unflinchingly fixed on the spectators, as though he were waiting for them to start the ritual. 
Kolton was now compelled to act. “Since it’s an omen given by the crow, if we don’t dig this up, 
misfortune will befall everyone here.” 
After saying that, he glanced at Declan. “Mr. Declan, I must proceed.” 
With those words, Kolton confidently performed the ritual while murmuring some chants. 
As they dug deeper, the clouds in the sky began to change. They seemed to carry booming thunder with 
them. 
At this moment, Kolton’s expression changed drastically. “This isn’t just a matter of spirits. It’s… It’s…” 
Though curious, the relatives dared not ask, feeling the eerie atmosphere. Was this weather change a normal occurrence? 
Among the crowd, only Wynter stood tall and composed, her eyes shining. 
She had vowed to Gordon that she would let him be unearthed gloriously under everyone’s eyes, and she had succeeded. 
Kolton’s words echoed with the first clap of thunder. “The spirits are all trapped underground. This isn’t just affecting the geomancy. T–This is an Earthbound Formation!” 
Kolton trembled. He couldn’t believe that he had encountered an Earthbound Formation at Quinnell Villa. 
He had been in such formations before, but it was always under Kaspar’s guidance. 
Earthbound Formations weren’t formed overnight. Novices entering such formations risked becoming nourishment for the formation master. That was why they always ventured in groups of five. 
Now, Kolton was alone. 
Moreover, the resentment stirred by this Earthbound Formation had an impact for miles around, even altering the weather. 
Gritting his teeth, Kolton instinctively wanted to call for assistance. He texted Kaspar about the situation. 
But as he dug another inch, his eyes widened. “Someone has actually broken this formation. Who could it be?” 
He turned to look at Declan. 
Declan’s eyes turned cold. The formation had been broken? How was that possible? But there was no other explanation, as the sky was filled with nothing except thunder. 
The spirits bound in the formation began ascending into the air. 
It was then that the cremation urn was exposed. 
###chapter1040
Chapter 1040 1 Had a Dream 
A strong gust of wind howled, resonating with the squawking crow as leaves fluttered through the air. Not a single cloud was spotted in the expansive sky. 
The relatives stood in dumbfounded silence. They could hardly believe what they had witnessed. 
“There really is a cremation urn! But how did it end up here? Isn’t this layout supposed to bring success?” 
The relatives whispered among themselves, apparently shocked by the scene unfolding. No one noticed that Declan’s expression had turned grim. 
Fabian was the first to react. Clutching the dragon cane, he staggered forward to take a closer look. “Is this um…” he started anxiously. 
“It was taken from the Quinnells‘ memorial hall,” Wynter calmly replied as she supported Fabian. 
Worried that the revelation might worsen Fabian’s health, Wynter had sent him a message beforehand. Even so, she couldn’t shake off her distress. 
As she tapped on Fabian’s first–aid acupoints, Wynter added loud and clear, “It belonged to Grandpa 
Gordon.” 
Fabina was stunned by the revelation. His voice tinged with horror as he exclaimed, “That can’t be! You’re lying, aren’t you? His ashes are securely stored in…” 
Fabian suddenly halted as his gaze shot toward the figure standing behind. “You did this, Declan! You stole Grandpa’s urn from the memorial hall and buried it here! What are you scheming?” 
“Stop with the accusations, Fabian! How can you be so sure that this urn belongs to Grandpa ?” Declan 
countered. He adamantly denied any possibility that the cremation urn belonged to Gordon. 
“We’ve seen his urn before. It’s undoubtedly his!” Fabian insisted with a hoarse voice. 
“As you said, we’re the only ones who’ve seen Grandpa’s cremation urn. If you insist, I have no choice but 
to concede.” Declan casually looked away shamelessly. 
With no solid evidence, Declan intended to brazenly talk his way out of the allegation. Unbeknownst to him, Wynter had a trick up her sleeve. 
She didn’t gather the group for nothing. Besides, she could make good use of Kolton, who claimed to be a “genius cultivator“. 
“I’m curious, Mr. Pennington. Are cultivators familiar with the concept of mediumship?” Wynter directed her question to Kolton. 
Noticing Fabian’s feebleness, Wynter instructed Albert to support their grandfather before calmly continuing, “I’m sure everyone must be swirling with questions–just how on earth did I discover the 
cremation urn?” 
Though the kinsfolk weré indeed baffled, they kept their puzzlements to themselves. Upon hearing Wynter’s words, they exchanged confusing glances. 
That’s because I dreamt about him. I dreamt about Grandpa Gordon. He told me to find him when dawn came.” Wynter explained as she locked eyes with Kolton
. 
The superstitious relatives instantly felt a shiver running down their spines. Did Gordon really send a message to Wynter in her dreams? 
“That person has been dead for a long time, hasn’t he? How did he send a message through dreams, then? 
Someone couldn’t help but doubt Wynter’s words. 
*Shut it! He might hear us. Look, that crow’s still standing there,” another interjected fearfully. 
Despite their fears, the relatives were intrigued to learn the truth. In particular, Kolton was eager to 
uncover the one capable of dispelling the Earthbound Formation aside from his mentor. 
“Are you saying you’ve dreamt about the formation master?” As he stared at the cremation urn, Kolton instinctively blurted out. 
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Wynter replied with a smile. 
All eyes fell on Kolton, who clenched his fists and cast a glance at Declan. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter1041

Chapter 1041 Avenge Him
"When a soul keeps lingering in the present or harbors regrets, it will form resentments. Over time, the soul may become an earthbound spirit and reenact its final moments or
lingering regrets," Kolton explained.
"It's as you say, Mr. Pennington. Grandpa Gordon looked distraught in my dreams. He must have some lingering regrets," Wynter replied seriously.
The crow was amused by her pretense and let out a funny caw. Wynter overheard his playful shriek and shot the crow a sharp glance.
Composing herself, she continued, "In that case, the cremation urn indeed belongs to Grandpa Gordon. For some reason, he told me that he's feeling cold down there and seems to have lost something."
Wynter momentarily paused before saying, "I wonder why he said that. Do you have a clue, Mr. Pennington?"
Kolton sighed heavily. He didn't dare to feign ignorance lest Wynter brought up Mt. Dragon once more.
He slowly explained, "Without a proper resting place, the cremation urn becomes a forsaken tomb.
"Furthermore, this geomantic layout is designed to steal others' fortune. Not only does it endanger the living, but it also disturbs the peace of the dead.
"We're under our ancestors' protection, and their remains are stored in the memorial halls to watch over future generations.
"However, Gordon's remains are found buried here. Instead of protecting the family, he's protecting whoever is behind this. No soul will endure such torments."
Meeting Wynter's gaze, Kolton added, "If the person you've dreamt of is truly an ancestor of the Quinnell family, I fear he has become an earthbound spirit."
Kolton intended to beat around the bush to save his own skin. However, Wynter wasted no time to uncover the truth.
"Are you saying that Declan stole the cremation urn and left Grandpa Gordon as a
wandering soul? Not to mention he stole the family's fortune and protection for his own," she asserted.
Kolton attempted to refute, but Wynter sternly cut him off. "Declan manipulated Grandpa Gordon's remains to inflict harm upon the family.
"That's why Grandpa Gordon can't find peace and has succumbed to his resentments. He was turned into an earthbound spirit by an ingrate, condemned to never rest."
Casting a solemn gaze at the relatives, Wynter declared, "Grandpa Gordon has suffered for decades at Declan's hands. It's only fair that I exact retribution for him!"
Stunned by Wynter's gaze, everyone couldn't help but sense Gordon's presence behind her. They could even faintly discern his silhouette lingering.
Terrified, the relatives quickly looked away while voicing their agreement with Wynter. In particular, one had broken out in a cold sweat and regretted their alliance with Declan.
"How dreadful! To think that he's so ungrateful!"
At that moment, all eyes turned accusingly to Declan.
Shane could hardly believe his ears. He never expected Declan, whom he held in high regard, would commit such ruthless deeds.
"Nonsense! Ghosts don't make requests in dreams. Even if they did, he would have gone to Albert instead! Girls have no right to such privilege!" Shane blurted out anxiously.
Wynter merely replied in a cold tone, "In the Quinnell family, gender is insignificant. My inheritance to the company and Grandpa Gordon's request attested to this fact."
###chapter1042
Chapter 1042 Finally Learning the Truth 
It’s funny though Mr. Shane. You’ve always been superstitious, yet your deny the fact that ghosts can appear in dreams,” Wynter snickered. Her words cut through Shane’s heart. 
“Oh, but it’s not entirely your fault. After all, you’ve been nothing but a pawn. I doubt you’re smart enough 
to understand, so I’ve brought some evidence.” 
As she spoke, Wynter took out the pictures with a beaming smile. 
“Declan has secretly struck a deal with the Fopylan businessmen. His butler Liam is one of the biggest 
shareholders whom you wish to collaborate with. 
“Quite the scheme, don’t you agree? You think you’re brilliant and resent Grandpa for not recognizing your strengths, but he’s not to blame. 
*A few compliments are all it takes for you to revere another man. You’re even willing to join in his schemes. I’m sure Declan instigated your frequent arguments with Grandpa,” Wynter–calmly disclosed. 
“Shut up!” Shane roared and clutched his chest as if he was about to faint. 
But Wynter pressed on. She tapped on her head and scoffed, “Not only do you lack a brain, but your personality is as flawed as the other Quinnells. 
“With just a little coaxing, you happily signed away your shares. Calling you an idiot is an understatement.” 
Shane pounded his chest as his face flushed red in anger. “I kept the shares!” he growled in an attempt to prove something. 
“Oh, really? Why don’t you ask your dear uncle where they went?” Wynter smirked. 
Shane instantly turned his gaze to Declan. Clenching his fists, Declan knew that he could no longer hide his secret. 
Instead of arguing about the shares, Declan shot Declan a gloomy glare. “I’ve worked my ass off for the Quinnell family for years. I deserve some compensation. Besides, I’ve helped you out a lot.” 
Shane felt his world crumble at Declan’s affirmation. Declan had always been patient and loving toward him, yet it all turned out to be a facade to steal his shares and turn him against his father. 
Shaking his head in disbelief, Shane muttered, “This can’t be… Did you suffer grievances, Uncle Declan?” “What grievances could he possibly suffer?” Fabian scoffed. He had completely lost faith in his son. Fabian turned to Wynter and affirmed, “I failed as a father. Leave Shane to me, Sevie. I’ll make sure 
he’s behind bars this time.” 
Fabian understood that Wynter had only spared Shane for his sake. Unfortunately, Shane was beyond saving. 
Fabian adamantly refused to let Wynter bear the brunt of potential criticisms. He turned to the crowd before laying his eyes on Kolton. 
“This is a family matter, Mr. Pennington. I’m sure you’ve understood by now–in this world, a parent must 
be righteous before expecting the same from their children. 
“My son doesn’t have his heart in the right place. Meanwhile, Declan has been exploiting my ancestors to 
steal the family’s fortune. 
“Do you still intend to entertain their request and look at Wynter’s horoscope?” Fabian questioned angrily as he thumped his dragon cane on the ground. 
In that instant, everyone had a glimpse of his past ruthlessness and instinctively shuddered. 
Realizing the gravity of the situation, Kolton dared not to mention Wynter’s horoscope further. If Kaspar ever learned about the incident, Kolton would definitely suffer a harsh punishment. 
###chapter1043
Chapter 1043 Regret 
Please cease your anger, Mr. Fabian. From this day onwards, I’ll have no further contact with Mr. Shane,” Kolton hurriedly affirmed. 
Wynter squeezed her purple sugilite pendant, musing that Kolton was quick to cut his ties with Shane. 
However, Shane had been overwhelmed by the devastating revelation and couldn’t stand another blow. 
Grabbing Kolton’s arm, he pleaded, “We’ve known each other for years, Mr. Pennington. How could you…” 
Kolton swiftly interjected, “I’ve looked at your daughter’s horoscope before, Mr. Shane. All I can say is that certain results are influenced by your inner thoughts. 
“Her horoscope has been altered since the family’s fortune has been stolen. It might bring about disaster, but it can also be a 
blessing.” 
Shocked by Kolton’s ambiguous statements, Shane hurriedly asked, “What’s that supposed to mean? Are you saying that Sevie isn’t a jinx? But what about that divination?” 
“What divination?” Kolton questioned in confusion. 
Shane insisted anxiously, “Your peers from Mt. Dragon gave me a divination years ago!” 
Hearing that, Kolton explained, “I must remind you, Mr. Shane, that the only person skilled in divination is my mentor. Even if someone agreed to perform a divination for you, their names will be recorded. 
“However, neither you nor Ms. Wynter has visited Mt. Dragon. So, why did you claim that we have done 
so?” 
Kolton’s question left Shane shaken. With trembling hands, Shane muttered, “I’m not lying. The medium at Mt. Dragon did perform a divination for me. Uncle Declan took me there! All these years, the medium has 
always…” 
Suddenly, Shane cut himself off and turned to Declan with a pale face. 
At that moment, Shane cried out hysterically, “Tell them, Uncle Declan! Tell them that the medium at Mt. Dragon performed a divination for us!” 
Declan didn’t bother to respond and merely shot him a cold glare. 
Albert sighed. Despite his resentments, Shane was still his father. 
Albert calmly stated, “You’re still in denial. It’s obvious that Declan was behind that divination as well. 
“He wanted you to believe that Wynter is a jinx. It’s the same fór Naomi–Declan told you that she will 
bring you success. 
“Because of a false divination, 
you let Wynter roam alone on the streets for 18 years. Even after her 
return, you held onto your grudge and refused to acknowledge her. 
“I told myself that you needed time to get close to her, but your actions have been disappointing. You 
Chapter 1043 Regret 
firmly believed in a scheming divination and destroyed our family!” 
Shane turned to Albert, but he only met the darkness in the latter’s eyes. The next second, Shane broke down in agony. 
For years, Shane had spent his time and efforts on something he believed. 
He admitted he had loved Marie, but she was too dazzling and accomplished. Whenever she was around, he felt like a nobody. 
It was Declan who guided him in his role as the head of the family. 
When Marie was pregnant, Shane was told that the child would bring misfortune upon him. Although he knew something terrible would happen, he couldn’t help but heave a sigh of relief when Wynter went missing. 
Shane had hoped that Wynter’s absence would garner the attention he craved. However, Marie insisted on searching for their daughter. Under Declan’s insinuation, he decided to silence her. 
Shane held his head in tears. He suddenly reminisced about the blissful times when Albert was born. Those moments were followed by a pair of mischievous twins‘ arrival, and eventually, Wynter’s birth. Shane recalled that he had looked forward to his daughter’s birth until that awful divination. 
At that moment, Shane was consumed by guilt and regrets. He should have never done those misdeeds. 
###chapter1044
Chapter 1044 You Only Care About Yourself 
Shane deeply regretted his wrongdoings. He shouldn’t have mistreated Wynter, who was his own flesh 
and blood. 
If he had cared about and loved her as Fabian did, perhaps things might have turned out differently. He wouldn’t have lost touch with his sons, and his wife wouldn’t have divorced him. 
Hoping to redeem himself, Shane turned to Albert miserably. “You know your father best, Albert. I was 
misled, but I never meant to hurt Sevie!” 
Albert refuted coldly, “Oh, really? Then why did Mom fall ill? How did the abductor know that Tobias was 
the Sevie’s only caretaker that day? 
“It was all you–you told Declan everything. Indeed, I’m the only one who truly knows you. I know you’re a man who’s willing to do anything for your own gain. 
“That said, you refused to stain your own hands because you still needed to keep up the appearance of a 
good parent. 
“We were young and ignorant back then. All these years, Tobias has been drowning in guilt and trauma, believing he was to blame for his sister’s abduction. 
“And Mom has suffered in pain and sorrow over the loss of her daughter. But you? You did nothing but 
watch! You even tried to stop Sevie from coming back.” 
Looking at his father, Albert stated sorrowfully yet determinedly, “Now that the truth has come to light,. 
you finally realize how you’ve been manipulated. You have no choice but to turn to your children for help.” 
With his scheme exposed, Shane turned to Wynter desperately. 
“I never wanted to drive you away, Sevie. I was wrong and committed grave errors, but I promise it won’t happen again. I assure you, there won’t be another adopted child in this family.” 
Having expressed genuine remorse, Shane hoped that Wynter would forgive him. Unfortunately, Shane 
didn’t know his daughter well. 
Wynter started with a smile, “I agree there won’t be another adopted child in the family, but the last thing we want is ungrateful traitors in the family. You are one, and so is Declan.” 
While Shane was shaken by Wynter’s declaration, Declan looked at Fabian and growled, “You and your granddaughter have put on quite a show, Fabian. And it’s all because of the shares I hold. Well, I don’t 
mind selling them to you.” 
Gripping his dragon cane, Fabian angrily refuted, “A show? Grandpa’s remains are still lying there! 
“Since your adoption into the family, we have not once mistreated you. Yet, you plotted to destroy the family! And you dare say it was all an act?” 
At that point, Declan’s only recourse was to sell his shares and walk away with the money. 
“That’s all I have to say. So, are you going to buy my shares or what? 
Chapter 1044 You Only Care About Yourself 
212 
“You know, I can always sell them to the Foplyan businessmen instead. They have always been interested in the Quinnell family,” Declan threatened. 
He knew that Fabian was determined to prevent the family from falling under the Foplyans. 
As he met Declan’s sinister gaze, Fabian couldn’t help reminiscing the old times. 
From a young age, they had been close and were taught to never fight over the family’s wealth. The same values had been instilled in the grandchildren, leading to their disinterest in inheriting the company. 
Fabian had always believed that Declan felt the same. After all, Declan had once risked his life to save 
him. 
Sentimental as ever, Fabian felt distressed by Declan’s betrayal. However, the sight of Gordon’s cremation urn and Declan’s scornful taunts strangely brought a sense of relief to him. 
###chapter1045
Chapter 1045 No One Escapes Punishment 
Fabian sighed, musing that a person would change over time. Perhaps Declan had been blinded by his greed, or maybe he had simply overlooked Declan’s true nature. 
With a solemn expression, Fabian calmly stated, “Do you seriously think I came unprepared? Check your 
shares.” 
Declan’s smug smile instantly faltered. He turned to the relatives, who merely looked at him in 
confusion. Declan swiftly took out his phone to make a call, yet only silence greeted him. 
“I’ve always treated you as my brother, yet you never think of us as family. To you, we’re the stepping stones to your selfish goals, but that’s as far as you can go,” Fabian slowly continued as he approached 
Declan. 
If someone were to ask about Declan’s deepest fear, “death” wasn’t on the list. What haunted him most was the loss of everything he worked hard for and his standing in Kingbourne. 
The memory of his impoverished past still lingered in his mind, and he absolutely refused to experience it 
again. 
For years, he had plotted and schemed to seize the Quinnells‘ wealth and prestige. Alas, not only were his evil plans exposed, but he had also lost all his shares. 
It seemed that Fabian was determined to crush his chances to rise again. 
At that point, Declan could no longer keep his cool and roared, “You can’t do this to me!” 
“Yes, I can. As long as I’m standing, no one can destroy the family. It may falter or face bankruptcy, but it will never fall into your or the Foplyans‘ hands.” Fabian refuted with a determined gaze. 
Turning to the crowd, Fabian sternly declared, “I’m sure everyone here has learned the whole truth. From this day onwards, Declan is no longer a part of the Quinnell family!” 
His downfall came so suddenly that Declan barely had a chance for further arrangements, and it was all because of a girl he dismissed the night before. 
Wynter’s prior behavior led Declan to believe that someone backed her schemes. He thought that she was only somewhat clever, only to realize he had underestimated her. 
Wynter had been playing the fool all along. In truth, she held complete control over the unfolding events. 
Declan glared at Wynter and wondered aloud, “Is this your doing? To be honest, I believe I have covered my tracks well. I didn’t even intervene in Noami’s affairs. How did you know it was me?” 
Wynter cast a glance at Jolene and calmly replied, “You were so eager to push this foolish woman into my brother’s life that you left clues behind.” 
Hearing that, Jolene quickly distanced herself from Declan. “What are you talking about, Wynter? I only met Mr. Declan yesterday.” 
However, Wynter exposed her lie. “You’ve met him before, haven’t you? You’ve been drowning in debts 
HOT 1045 RD UND ESENner FunBBIEDE 
overseas. You used to say that life abroad was far better in the country, 
“Then, you found someone to marry, only to end up in an abusive marriage. If it weren’t for Declan, you could have never gotten back.” 
Jolene was horrified. She didn’t expect Wynter to reveal her miserable life, let alone her darkest secrets. Stunned, Jolene wondered if Albert knew the truth. 
Turning to Albert, Jolene started anxiously, “I can explain, Al…” 
“I thought the Quinnells were just average. If I knew they were rich, I would have never left him.‘ Does it sound familiar? It’s what you told your friends while you were out smoking cigarettes. 
“You mentioned how lucky you we
###chapter1046
Chapter 1046 The Formation 
Flustered, Jolene scrambled to refute Albert’s claims but realized that he was stating the truth. 
She had planned to exploit the incident, hoping to paint Fabian as prejudiced and convince Albert to stand by her side. It was her chance to gain a foothold in Kingbourne, but things had gone awry. 
Albert clenched his fists and continued, “I know what you did in my name these few days. I was young and impulsive. I frequently argued with Grandpa over a gold digger like you. 
“I have no qualms with you coming after my money, but how dare you conspire to pit me against Grandpa and drive him out of the house? Since you favor life abroad, you can go back to where you belong!” 
As he stared right into Jolene’s eyes, Albert calmly added, “Your husband has been looking for you. I’ve helped you contact him.” 
Albert’s statement came as a bombshell. Jolene never expected him to scheme against her. After all, Albert had once loved her so dearly that he considered forsaking his inheritance. 
Adamant to prevent her departure, Jolene desperately pleaded, “I’m sorry, Al. I beg you, please don’t send me back. I–I was having a hard time and needed some money.” 
“And you brought chaos to my family in return. How interesting. I suggest you share your thoughts with your husband,” Albert retorted coldly. 
“How could you do this to me? You promised to protect me forever!” Jolene stomped her feet in 
frustration. 
“That’s provided that you haven’t harmed my family,” Albert refuted with an icy glare. 
He had nearly sent his family to their demise because of his love for Jolene. With that realization 
weighing on his mind, Albert wished for nothing more than to bring both himself and Jolene to an end. 
“Take Ms. Horton away,” Albert sternly ordered. 
As Declan watched several bodyguards take Jolene away, he frantically attempted to reach his 
connections. 
Wynter didn’t stop him, hoping to uncover the traitor who colluded with the Foplyans and betrayed the Arcane Way. 
At that moment, a group of mediums led by Kaspar arrived. 
“Where’s the formation?” Kaspar shouted. Though he had yet to make an 
appearance, his booming voice 
echoed through the walls. 
Upon recognizing the voice, the crow let out a squawk and vanished into the clouds. Though normal mediums perceived him as an ordinary crow, those ascending to grand masters might discern his true 
form. 
The crow hoped to lay low lest the fortune tellers discover Dalton’s awakening. 
Chapter 1046 The Tormation 
“Where’s the formation you speak of, Kolton?” Kaspar eagerly asked. 
He had been requested by the Winstons to examine Clyde’s condition and their residence’s geomantic layout. 
Just as he was about to return to Mt. Dragon, he received a message from Kolton and learned about the 
Earthbound Formation in the Quinnell residence. 
As he was nearby, Kaspar hurried to the Quinnell residence. 
As Kaspar looked around, he was surprised to find Wynter there. “Young lady, did you accidentally dispel the Earthbound Formation again?” he laughed. 
Standing beside Kaspar, Maurice recognized Wynter and exclaimed excitedly, “Ms. Quinnell! Did you forcefully dispet another formation? Can you teach me how?” 
###chapter1047
Chapter 1047 The Talented Cultivator 
“You’re out of your mind, Maurice! How could you ask her to teach you?” Kolton 
exclaimed. 
Maurice looked at him in confusion. “I’m not. Remember how I told you Mr. Stavius 
once encountered a genius in dispelling formations? Well, that genius was Ms. 
Quinnell! 
“Ever since that day, Mr. Stavius has been dreaming of taking her as his apprentice 
and even persuaded her to join Mt. Dragon. However, Ms. Quinnell declined as she has no interest in spiritual practices. 
“You have no idea how amazing she is, Kolton. While we might be gifted, Ms. 
Quinnell herself is 
favored by the heavens! 
“If she trains harder, she could even catch a glimpse behind the secrets of divination. 
Mr. Stavius has explained that such talent is innate, revealed by her horoscopes. 
We’re all envious of her!” 
Kolton felt his head hurting as he listened to Maurice’s rambles. 
Upon recalling Wynter’s earlier question, he realized he had made a fool of himself. 
Clenching his teeth, Kolton was about to inquire further when the Quinnells‘ relatives 
beat him to it. 
Gathering around Maurice, the relatives nervously asked, “Excuse me, sir. Are you implying that Sevie is skilled in divination and fortune–telling?” 
“More than that. She’s a master in both. I’ve always wanted to learn from her,” 
Maurice replied honestly. 
“And were you saying that she declined Mr. Stavius‘ offer?” The relatives were 
completely stupefied. 
That morning, all of them had disregarded Wynter as a brash country bumpkin relying on Fabian’s authority. And yet, she turned out to be a skilled medium who had rejected an offer from Mt. Dragon! 
While the relatives stood dumbfounded by the revelation, Shane was drowned in 
Tuspter 104) The Talented co 
regrets. 
“An innate talent revealed by her horoscopes… A child favored by the heavens…” Shane murmured in agony. Being superstitious all his life, he understood the implication behind those words. 
In contrast, Kaspar was visibly confused by their reactions. “If you have any questions, just ask me instead. I met Wynter at the hotel, and I do intend to take her on as an apprentice. After all, it’ll be a waste of her talent!” 
Willing to lose a talented cultivator, Kaspar turned to Wynter and asked, “Have you changed your mind? If you agree to join us, I’ll grant you some privileges. 
“For instance, you can perform spiritual practices in your own house. If that’s not enough, you can become my mentor’s apprentice instead.” 
Everyone could hardly believe their ears. Kaspar was known for rarely accepting visitors, despite numerous appeals from the wealthy and powerful. Only a certain. someone from the Yarwood family could convince him to appear. 
Yet, his attitude toward Wynter was entirely unexpected from his usual demeanor. 
“You can’t just pass an apprentice to Mr. Osborn, sir!” Kolton anxiously argued. 
Kaspar merely glanced at him and refuted, “Why not? This girl here is a rare talent–a genius cultivator seen only once in a thousand years. 
“To have such a person as an apprentice is an honor. I’m sure Mr. Osborn would be chuckling gleefully in the afterlife if he knew.” 
“Did you hear that? Mr. Stavius claimed that Sevie is a rare talent! Does this mean she’s more powerful than Mr. Pennington?” one of the relatives exclaimed. 
“I’m not so sure. We’ve never seen her perform any rituals or anything like that.” Someone couldn’t help but doubt it. 
“It’s probably true. After all, Mr. Stavius said so himself. The Quinnells are so lucky! I heard that Mt. Dragon has good eyes for those gifted in spiritual practices,” another 
chimed in. 
Someone snickered. “Shane must be hysterical right now. He always believed his daughter to be a jinx, yet she turns out to be a top–tier medium!” 
###chapter1048
Chapter 1048 It Was Her All Along 
As the Quinnells‘ relatives were prone to superstitions, they agreed to obey Declan in hopes of reaping some benefits. 
After all, Declan had connections to notable mediums who could potentially change. their fate and fortune. It was undoubtedly a golden opportunity to advance their 
business careers. 
Despite being affiliated with one of the reputable families, the relatives didn’t 
possess significant wealth. Plus, they held little authority in the company and had no influence over any matters. 
The relatives sincerely believed that siding with Declan would bring them great fortune. However, they didn’t expect Kaspar to acknowledge Wynter, whom they scorned and disregarded, as a rare talent. 
The crowd stood dumbfounded by the revelation. Even Albert wore an expression of 
astonishment. 
Kolton was completely baffled and couldn’t help feeling that his reputation as a genius cultivator had been overshadowed. However, he doubted that Wynter was. who Kaspar claimed her to be. 
Kolton had sensed an aura of hostility from Wynter rather than the serene presence a cultivator possessed. And upon studying her face, she clearly had a propensity for 
violence. 
Kolton approached Kaspar and whispered distrustfully, “Are you mistaken, Mr. Stavius? Can’t you see the heavy burdens weighing on her?” 
“Personal burdens come in various forms, Kolton. You still have much to learn. I suggest you keep training lest you embarrass yourself in front of the experts.” Kaspar scoffed as he cast a glance at Kolton. 
Kaspar’s words dealt a blow to Kolton’s pride. Feeling humiliated, Kolton hung his 
head in shame. 
When he heard Kaspar’s statement, Declan shot a spiteful glare at Wynter. “So, are you actually skilled in fortune–telling? That means the Scotts‘ incident wasn’t a 
Coincidence!” 
As she never intended to reveal her ability, Wynter had strategically manipulated 
Kolton into resolving the matter. 
Wynter wondered if Atwater, who went missing, had learned that his peer was still alive and conspiring to destroy the Quinnell family. Worse, there might be a larger 
plot at play. 
At that moment, Wynter recalled Atwater’s last words and couldn’t help feeling 
concerned. 
She had hoped to uncover the mastermind in secret. If they learned that she could infiltrate the formation and dispel it, they might stay on high alert. It would be difficult 
to track them down later. 
In truth, Wynter had deduced the mastermind as someone from a prestigious family. 
To prevent further complications, she refrained from involving herself in the previous 
incident. Yet, Kaspar came and revealed her feat to the public. 
Realizing she had no escape, Wynter gave an ambiguous answer. “I indeed had a meeting with the Scotts, but it wasn’t about them. I had a divination and warned Logan against racing on the mountain road.” 
The relatives were shocked by the revelation. In particular, Shane could hardly 
believe his ears. 
The Scott family was mentioned to be cursed following a late–night race in the 
mountains. 
Usually, Mason and Logan would meet up for a race. However, Logan failed to show 
that day. 
up 
The two families grew apart after the incident, and Mason’s behavior took a turn for 
the worse. That fateful event marked the once prestigious Scott family’s downfall. 
While others had their speculations, it seemed that only the Scotts and the Winstons 
knew the reason behind Logan’s absence. And yet, Wynter admitted that she had 
warned Logan beforehand. 
Shane wore a grimace of regret. When he turned to his father, he was surprised to 
Chapte: 1048 Was Her All Along 
find Fabian appearing calm and composed. 
In sudden realization, Shane exclaimed, “You were aware of Sevie’s ability all along!” 
###chapter1049
Chapter 1049 Geomancy Skills 
Shane cried out hysterically, “Why didn’t you tell me anything? If you did, I wouldn’t have-” 
Fabian interjected with a disdainful snort, “What? Would you not have adopted a stranger and have been a good father instead? You put more faith in a fortune teller’s words than anything else. 
“Listen here. Sevie can not only read a person’s fate from their face, but she’s also knowledgable in geomancy. She’s the one who quelled the chaos at the hotel and 
restored order in the house.” 
The crowd was astounded by the revelation and started whispering among 
themselves. 
“I think there’s more to that than meets the eye. Heck, she even predicted Mason’s fate!” they exclaimed. 
Amidst the chatter, Kolton remained silent. Although he could predict a person’s fate, he hadn’t mastered the skill to pinpoint an occurrence’s time and location. 
Kolton refused to believe that he was inferior to Wynter. After all, he had been training in the mountains and outshined his peers at a young age. He couldn’t 
possibly lose to someone who wasn’t even a cultivator. 
Kaspar didn’t appear to be surprised by Fabian’s disclosure. Instead, he asked Wynter curiously, “Where did you learn about geomantic layouts, Wynter?” 
“From the internet,” Wynter nonchalantly replied. She had found recommended answers online, especially regarding fortune–telling and geomancy. 
As a believer of science, Wynter effortlessly grasped the logic behind it. 
For instance, a house should be facing the sun and well–ventilated rather than 
staying dark and humid. Or, a person’s fortune would be improved as long as they maintained happiness and adequate sleep. 
With such knowledge, Wynter easily incorporated geomantic layouts into her interior designs. 
oshots sind Blairma each teh apuachdem ty has wply they had spant an 
entre we menting the coms, yeye sig te luas dowrything with a 
mencu?ing managed to 
Arthama Tompa best hurty kosh Do you had that that a yawning gen 
between you and Wynter It’s a great loss for Magon to let go of such talent” 
kotton once again fell his pride wounded by Kaspar’s teasing remark. At that 
moment, he deeply regretted agreeing to Shane’s request 
On the other hand, the relatives stared at Wynter with eyes full of greed and 
They had witnessed the Quinnells recent meteoric rise, whose names were constantly on the headlines and trending searches. There wasn’t a person who hadn’t heard of the Quinnell Group. 
Interestingly, the Quinnells had never invested in advertisements or public relations While the relatives were initially dumbfounded by the Quinnells‘ sudden fame, they finally realized that Wynter was behind the incidents. 
If Wynter agreed to help arrange their houses‘ geomantic layouts, they would become as successful as the Quinnells! At such hopeful thoughts, the relatives. tumed their expectant gazes toward Wynter. 
Unbeknownst to them, Wynter had bigger plans beyond her identity’s unintentional disclosure–she had gathered the relatives to witness their downfall for their crimes 
“Since you’re skilled in fortune–telling, you must’ve sensed the unusualness within the Quinnell residence long before this 
“Yet, you choose to reveal yourself only now. I suppose I must applaud you for your patience Declan scoffed as he clenched his fists. 
Hearing that, Wynter turned to him and retorted, “I can say the same about you. As far as I’m concerned, you’re skilled in fortune–telling and have trained at Mt. Dragon. 
before 
“You also have strong connections with the Winstons and Fentons. Did Mr. Winston 
Senior not tell you about my feat of saving his grandson?” 
Wynter attempted to induce Declan to confirm her suspicions, yet he responded as if he were ignorant of her allegations. 
“Don’t change the subject. I admit it was my mistake for underestimating you, but don’t think you can root us out easily. Declan calmly taunted. 
###chapter1050
Chapter 1050 Retribution Has Arrived 
“You won’t get away with this. You’re not the only one who knows the art of the Arcane Way: There are people more powerful than Kaspar Stavius out there. They 
just haven’t revealed themselves yet. 
“You’ll face him if you get rid of us. He’ll make you regret ever being born.” 
Decaln’s words sounded like a curse, unsettling those who heard them. 
Wynter, however, was completely unfazed. Her eyes were pitch black. Her original sinister arrogance emerged after she shed her disguise. “I will be waiting for him to make me regret it.” 
Declan let out a cold laugh, but before he could say anything more, Liam stumbled. over from the other side. “M–Mr. Quinnell! The SWAT officers!” 
SWAT officers? Declan paled when he seemed to realize something. 
Wynter stood calmly beside him. “Perfect timing. The Quinnell family started as national businessmen, which means you can’t just sell us out to Foplyan 
businessmen. 
“Let me remind you that what you’re doing is akin to treason. The Quinnells have technologies that aren’t for public use. You don’t get to decide how things are done. 
“Back then, my Grandpa Gordon gave you a way to live, but you squandered it. After all these years, you still haven’t been able to change your demeanor from your time. 
at the base.” 
Daclan’s pupils dilated in shock. How could Wynter have known about the base? 
Wynter unfolded a newspaper in front of everyone. “If you can’t change your 
treasonous ways, then you’ll have plenty of time to reflect on it in prison. After all, 
you’re not even considered a true Cascadian anymore.” 
Declan began to tremble when he saw the Youth Daily newspaper in Wynter’s hand. 
She looked at Declan. “We both know your background can’t withstand scrutiny. All your espionage charges can be easily dug up.” 
Wynter continued slowly, “You mentioned a medium more powerful than Kaspar Stavius. I’ll find him and make sure he joins you in prison. After all, both of you 
conspired against Grandpa Gordon.” 
Declan’s face turned deathly pale. He knew he had miscalculated, and there was no 
way to turn things around this time. Not only had he lost his shares, but there was also no chance of escape now. 
There was no way for Declan to seek help from outside anymore. The person he had counted on hadn’t shown up, either. 
It was as if Declan had remembered something when he suddenly shouted, “Do you want to know who he is? You should understand given your knowledge of the mystic 
art, right? 
“He is not someone of a simple background. He’s been plotting against the Quinnells all along. If you let me live, I’ll tell you who he is!” 
‘Grandpa Gordon’s remains are here. I won’t let you live. I want him to witness your being imprisoned.” 
Wynter continued as she spat her words slowly and deliberately, “And forevermore, 
there will be no chance for you to get out. Neither will anyone else who tries to harm the Quinnell family.” 
Chaos erupted as the SWAT team swarmed in. 
The groups of SWAT officers arrived abruptly, cladded in black uniforms. Their 
movements were swift and silent, like thunder. Not a single word leaked out. 
The relatives and the other aristocratic families watched in horror, and their hearts 
and hands trembled. They had thought Declan had lost the battle and simply had his shares forfeited. None had imagined he would be arrested for espionage. 
Nevertheless, the evidence was indisputable. Declan was indeed guilty of 
commercial crimes and selling intelligence to the Foplyans. They had never known. he was capable of such things. 
The SWAT officer on duty glanced over at the gathered aristocratic families, who froze in fear. 
The Quinnell family’s report was meritorious. Wynter Quinnell, right? Remember to come in to make a statement and claim your reward.” 
Spinto Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter1051
Chapter 1051 In Honor of Gordon Quinnell 
The SWAT officers continued to give instructions. They didn’t know Wynter’s identity. 
After all, this wasn’t the usual jurisdiction for their special unit. Additionally, everyone present was a notable figure in the business community. 
The SWAT officers looked at the gathered relatives and aristocratic families. “Do any of you have business dealings with Declan Quinnell?” 
Those people vigorously shook their heads, but it was futile as the records were all there. If they had plans to siphon off the Quinnell family’s shares and divide amongst themselves, they needed to be psychologically prepared to act ruthlessly. 
With Wynter’s report, almost half of them were taken away. The remaining two or three individuals trembled as they fixed their gaze on Wynter. She was like a grim reaper who was seeking revenge. 
650- 
Initially, Wynter intended to extract information from Declan and inquire about his so- 
called master. 
However, she considered Declan’s cunning nature and knew he would never tell her the truth. Instead, he might use it as leverage to threaten her and Fabian. 
Wynter detested being threatened the most and decided not to give Declan that opportunity. At the very least, with these people taken in, they wouldn’t leak the fact that she could enter the Earthbound Formation. 
Wynter approached those who remained. “If I were the three of you, gentlemen, I wouldn’t talk about today’s events. If the SWAT officers suspect you of having 
business ties with Declan Quinnel, you would be considered aiding spies.” 
“We won’t say a word!” the Winston family’s representative, Xander Winston, spoke up. “Ms. Quinnell, you have to trust us. We had no idea he was involved in these 
things. 
“How could he sell our business secrets to Foplyan businessmen? It’s outrageous!” 
The other two nodded in agreement. 
The SWAT officers wouldn’t arrest anyone hastily. Indeed, 
they hadn’t found anything on these three. 
When Declan was taken away, his lips were tightly pursed. He clung tightly to the car 
door, unwilling to accept his ending. 
He was so close to success. The entire Quinnell family was about to be his. Wynter was just a bumpkin, yet she had ruined everything for him! How did she manage to 
hide so well? 
Declan thought he had control of the whole situation. Even Dalton was unable to see 
through his schemes. How did Wynter see through him? 
Declan continued to underestimate people, even now. 
Dalton had never interfered in the Quinnell family’s matters because he previously deemed it unnecessary. But now, with his fiancée involved, things were different. 
After Wynter dealt with Declan, her gaze fell on the cremation urn. She looked up at 
Kaspar, “Sir, I don’t know how to perform the ritual. Could you please help clear the 
resentment for Granpa Gordon?” 
“Do you really not know how to clear the resentment?” Kolton was genuinely surprised. “How could you not clear the resentment when you can break the 
formation?” 
Kaspar found his disciple talkative. “Mind your own business. Go look around with 
Maurice. Check for signs of any remnants.” 
“Understood,” Kolton reluctantly agreed. After all, one must heed their mentor’s 
words. 
Kaspar approached Wynter. “Young lady, step aside.” 
Wynter was just about to move aside when Kaspar remembered something. “Oh, I 
forgot. The Quinnell family doesn’t differentiate between men and women. You and 
your eldest brother, come together.” 
Wynter raised a puzzled eyebrow. 
Kaspar chuckled. “You’ve heard of descendants carrying the coffin, right? It’s the 
same with the cremation urn.” 
Wynter promptly followed the instructions as soon as she heard Kaspar. Albert followed suit. 
The siblings each stood at different sides. One on the left, while the other on the right. A light suddenly appeared from the distance, enveloping them. 
Whitley observed Wynter’s expression and acted accordingly. He remained hidden but subtly moved closer. 
The clouds above had an auspicious hue. 
Even Kaspar was somewhat surprised. “The Quinnell family truly lives up to its reputation as national businessmen. Gordon Quinnell should have been honored long ago!” 
“A Savior! Kolton, look! There’s an auspicious hue!” Maurice exclaimed. 
As Maurice’s voice sounded, Kaspar shouted, “Rise! Let’s go home!” 
###chapter1052
Chapter 1052 Even a Strong Wind Can Rise From Flat Ground 
As the clouds dispersed, layers of halos formed in the sky. 
Maurice didn’t understand why, so he asked Kolton, “Kolton, is a great sage about to 
manifest?” 
“Not a great sage.” Kolton turned his gaze to the cremation urn held up by the Quinnell family. “It’s a soul who performed great deeds in his past life.” 
In the distant sky, even the crow watched the scene. 
Gordon had spent his life in commerce, saving the country and its people when he 
was alive. He deserved such auspicious signs.. 
He shouldn’t have been buried in an unmarked grave and deceived by traitors! 
Wynter had gone to the past, so she understood better than anyone else that Gordon’s life deserved to be honored in this manner. She was going to welcome 
Gordon home! 
She wanted him to see that those who tried to divide the Quinnell family and sell out 
the country for honor would face no good end. 
Wynter didn’t have grand ambitions. All she wanted was for Gordon’s spirit to rest in 
peace. 
As leaves beside the formation rustled, Wynter gazed at the distant glow of light. 
Suddenly, a memory of her conversation with Gordon surfaced. The conversation 
she had in the formation with him was from a different era. 
Back then, only Wynter and Gordon were in the study. He was like an eager child as he peppered her with questions. His face lit up with joy when he heard that everyone. 
would have access to education and food in the future. 
Wynter still remembered the calligraphy hanging behind Gordon. 
It was a line from a poem by a renowned poet, Eason Byron, “Even a strong wind can 
rise from flat ground, and I will ride the wind for thousands of miles!” 
Gordon Quinnell deserved all the beauty in this world, and even more so, he deserved to witness the present world with his own eyes. 
Resurrecting a spirit wasn’t a hard task for Kaspar. 
Even with just a trace of the remnant, Wynter could see the faint figure of an elderly man as she looked up. He was smiling with tears in his eyes as he waved as if to say that he could finally rest in peace. 
Wynter felt a lump in her throat. She glanced sideways at Albert, who was visibly 
shaken. 
“Wynter, just now, was that…” 
“It was Grandpa Gordon,” Wynter whispered. “He wanted to see you, too.” 
As long as the siblings held the cremation urn up together, they could see their 
ancestor’s remnants. 
Albert, who had always been a stoic man of few words, found his eyes 
welling up 
with tears. He stood tall, his handsome face etched with determination. 
“Grandpa Gordon, rest assured that the Quinnell family is in our hands. My brothers and I will take good care of Wynter.” 
Albert did not believe in ghosts or spirits, yet at this moment, he made a solemn oath 
in the presence of something unseen. 
Kolton watched this scene and remarked from a distance, “With such ancestral 
blessings, if it hadn’t been for someone stealing it, the Quinnell family wouldn’t have 
fallen to such a state in recent years. 
“Now that the Quinnell family has regained its heavenly luck, it will only grow stronger. The three of you should be careful.” 
His last sentence was meant for the remaining aristocratic families. 
They had come today hoping to see the Quinnells‘ downfall. After all, Wynter was known for being ruthless and did not mind embarrassing anyone. 
In the social circles of Kingsbourne, personal connections and relationships were something one must always consider. 
But who knew Wynter really didn’t care about that? She had boldly reformed the Quinnells‘ family business and put them in a very difficult position. 
They always thought Wynter wouldn’t last long given how she always broke social rules and offended everyone in the circle. Who would want to do business with her in the future? 
Who would have thought that Wynter could transform the Quinnell Group into a booming conglomerate? 
She even managed to turn herself into a significant public figure! This was something no amount of corporate PR spending could achieve. 
The most confounding part was that the Quinnells truly had once been national businessmen. 
What were they supposed to do now that Gordon had returned in such a manner, and Declan had fallen? 
###chapter1053
Chapter 1053 Even Stronger in the Future 
The three remaining aristocratic family members exchanged glances. 
Though they hadn’t participated in Declan’s schemes, they had indeed come with the intent of watching a good show. What they witnessed today left their hearts still 
pounding. 
“Did you guys hear what Mr. Pennington said? The Quinnell family isn’t what it used 
to be.” 
“I had a hunch that things were different from before. It was the both of you who kept underestimating the daughter the Quinnell family took back.” 
“That’s unfair, Xander. The Winstons have always been opportunistic. Besides, the one who was always targeting Ms. Quinnell was the Winstons‘ scion. I’m not wrong, 
am I?” 
“Exactly, Xander. You’re not being fair. Ms. Quinnell saved Logan. Yet, I don’t see you 
mentioning it at all.” 
“Both of you, get some common sense! I only learned about this today. If I’d known the Quinnells‘ daughter could use mystic art and read fortunes, do you think I would have come to mock her? I’m not stupid!” 
“True.” The other two frowned. “It seems only the Winston family’s main branch knew. But it seems like the Winston family has no intention of thanking the 
Quinnells. That’s really strange.” 
Xander Winston waved his hand dismissively. “It’s not strange. Mr. Winston Senior has been ill for a long time, and there’s no one in charge now. They’re probably waiting for him to recover before coming to thank Ms. Quinnell in person.” 
“Mr. Winston Senior didn’t look well even at the family reunion banquet. Hasn’t Chad 
thought of taking charge in the meantime?” someone asked. 
Xander sneered. “He doesn’t have a legitimate claim. Why should he be the one taking charge? With Logan around, the Winston family should be his.” 
“Indeed, the head of the family must be chosen carefully. If it weren’t for today’s 
bethan warna stating to oust really part of the Quinnalle? 
 ? 
sudden ? for no? 
any part there a real grate if you ask min 
ed tuin well yer ne venait them by keeping the cremation um exceto varuder Rek and key. He even planned to join forces 
at the Quannel family’s anoma 
Enough Les et mention thes again. It’s best if we think about how to apologize to Mi Quinnell Service 
“Apologize to Mr. Quinnell Senior? someone asked, puzzled 
Xander lowered his voice. “Kaspar Stavius wants to take Wynter as a disciple. She’s a master of physiognomy and the Arcane Way. With someone like her in the Quinnell family, shouldn’t we be more involved?” 
“You’re smart! We need to keep close ties! We were on the wrong side before, but now, it’s time to switch sides! 
With these three, most in the business circle would soon know about Wynter. 
As the three men walked out of the villa, Wynter spoke up, “Gentlemen, please wait.” 
All three of them turned to look at Wynter. 
Wynter approached them and spoke calmly, “I don’t want anyone to know that I was the one who set up for Declan’s capture today. Nor do I want people coming to us for physiognomy, divination, or fortune–telling. So…” 
Wynter pulled out her phone and opened an album. It showed the three of them at a nightclub, each with a woman in their arms. The scene was highly inappropriate. 
Their expressions changed instantly. “Where did you get these?” 
“While investigating Declan’s connections. These are part of the evidence.” 
Wynter’s voice was steady as she continued, “I know that the three of you value family and reputation, especially since one of you works in the education sector. I can hold onto these and not hand them over. 
“But remember what I’m about to say. Today’s geomantic layout was discovered by Mr. Pennington, who then informed Kaspar Stavius. That’s how Declan was taken 
away. You have no idea what role I played in this.” 
Spm to Claim Your Spise Reward 
###chapter1054
Chapter 1054 A Weapon Against Cheaters 
The three men nodded understandingly at Wynter’s words. “Don’t worry. We won’t breathe a word about your involvement.” 
“Definitely! It was all thanks to how skilled Mr. Pennington was. He visited the villa and immediately spotted something off about the geomantic layout. That was what 
led to Declan’s downfall.” 
“Exactly. Declan brought it on himself by crossing the line. Even the heavens couldn’t ignore his actions any longer, that’s why Mr. Pennington took action.” 
Wynter smirked at their responses. “The three of you really live up to your years of business experience in the market. Let’s go with your suggestion. I had a little spat with my grandpa, and now we’ve made up.” 
“That’s great news! A happy home brings prosperity!” Xander chimed in smoothly. How about this, Wynter? Let’s delete those photos. We don’t want your aunt to get 
the wrong idea.” 
Wynter chuckled. “Mr. Winston, don’t worry. I’ll delete them when the time is right.” 
Xander winced and wondered how Wynter still recognized him. After all, the three of 
them had only attended the Quinnell family reunion banquet once. 
Wynter headed toward Albert after finishing her statement. 
After a few steps, Wynter suddenly remembered something and turned back to look 
at the three remorseful figures. 
“Gentlemen, if you keep quiet, I can help you with the geomantic layout in your 
homes,” Wynter offered sincerely. 
She added, “After all, through this incident, you will stand with me in future shareholder decision–making meetings of the company. I understand how 
gentlemen get along. Let’s all work together.” 
The three of them were truly surprised that things could take such a turn! They couldn’t believe Wynter would say that. 
Xander was in disbelief while the other two men thought 
they were dreaming 
“Will you really help us with the geomancy layouts in our homes?” 
Wynter nodded while smiling. “I know a little about geomancy. Consider it a shareholder benefit.” 
“Will you actually help us? The representative from the Fentons exclaimed excitedly, “Ms. Quinnell, you have to help out with my layout, then. I’ve been feeling really 
unlucky lately!” 
The shareholder perk was great! If they knew there were such benefits, no one would 
have sided with Declan! 
Wynter immediately gave him a quick reading. “Mr. Fenton, be cautious with those romantic affairs. Those women outside could drain your fortune over time. Look at the dark circles under your eyes. 
“There will be no peace in your house if this continues. If you don’t end things cleanly with your mistress, she could ruin your career.” 
Wynter’s words were spontaneous. She had another reminder for cheaters like him.” It’s best to let your wife handle all the finances. She can bring you luck.” 
Shawn Fenton listened intently. “When I got married, the fortune teller also said my wife’s horoscope was good for me! 
“I’m such an idiot. How did I end up forgetting? I’m ending it with that vixen now!” 
Maurice, who was standing nearby, was bewildered. He didn’t see any signs of financial loss in Shawn. In fact, it should be normal for Shawn to feel frail, especially his kidneys, after all the drinking and partying. 
How did Wynter figure out that handing over all of Shawn’s money to his wife would make him successful? Maurice was puzzled, frowning in confusion. He thought of asking Kolton for advice. 
But even Kolton was beginning to doubt himself. He threw the question back to Maurice. “Are you sure our mentor didn’t misjudge?” 
“I think so. Ms. Quinnell has indeed broken through the formation.” Maurice was 
3/0 
certain about this. After all, he had seen the Earthbound Formation during the TV show recording. 
The strange part about this was the malevolent spirit that was present in the formation. It had still yet to be found. 
###chapter1055
Chapter 1055 Bom Like Thin 
Kaspar had said not to bother looking for it, as even malevolent spirits had their fate. 
This puzzled Maurice. How could a malevolent spirit have a fate? 
However, he had figured that the malevolent spirits tied to the Earthbound Formation 
were quite pitiful. They were a pair of sisters, and they seemed quite young. 
Kaspar couldn’t help but speak up when he saw his two disciples confused, “She did 
that on purpose.” 
“On purpose?” Maurice tilted his head. “Master, what was she doing on purpose?” 
Kaspar laughed heartily but didn’t explain further. 
Seeing Wynter read his friend’s fortune, Xander eagerly asked her to read his as well. 
“Ms. Quinnell, can you check mine, too? been involved with anyone outside 
I haven’t 
my marriage. Should I let my wife manage all the money?” 
“That’s up to you,” Wynter replied and pretended to be profound. “Sincerity is key in 
some matters.” 
The three men responded in unison, “We’ll be sincere! We won’t make the same 
mistakes again!” 
Any mistresses of theirs had to be cut off! 
Wynter glanced behind her. “I need to take Grandpa Gordon back to the memorial hall now. The three of you can reach out anytime if you want me to check your 
homes.” 
Wynter had said so much, but her true intention lay in that final sentence. Since there 
was no direct evidence pointing to any particular family, it would be better to visit 
them all. 
Looking at their geomantic layouts wasn’t the same as casual visits. Many details. 
could be revealed. 
Besides, she also wanted to find out what illness Clyde had. It was quite severe, after 
all. 
Wynter narrowed her eyes after they left. She turned around and revealed her true. demeanor. 
Kaspar watched her with amusement and couldn’t help but laugh. He waited till Wynter approached before pointing at her. 
“You really have a lot of tricks up your sleeve, don’t you? Interesting, very interesting! Why don’t you tell me about your real motive for offering to help with their layouts?” 
Kaspar did indeed seem like a mischievous old man at times. 
Wynter looked down slightly. “It’s personal. But, Mr. Stravius, you have visited the Winstons before. What exactly is wrong with Mr. Winston Senior’s health?” 
“He doesn’t have much time left,” Kaspar replied. “As people age, their bodily functions decline. You should understand that since you have medical knowledge. After all, you are Dr. Miracle.” 
“Dr. Miracle?” Kolton suddenly turned his head. “The legendary Dr. Miracle?” 
Albert also looked over when he heard Kaspar. His eyes filled with surprise. “Dr. Miracle? Wynter?” 
“Yes, it’s me. It’s just a title, out of respect.” Wynter didn’t bother hiding this fact. After all, it had been quite some time since she had taken any cases. 
Albert looked at Wynter and suddenly laughed. “My sister is truly amazing. We thought it was because you inherited Mrs. Yates Senior’s skills when you cured 
Grandpa, but now it seems that’s not the whole story.” 
Even though Albert hadn’t spent much time in the country, he had heard of Dr. 
Miracle. It was said that even if the Grim Reaper wanted to claim lives when the 
clock hit three, Dr. Miracle could let them live till five. 
Albert had thought that the saying was exaggerated. But now, knowing that Wynter was Dr. Miracle, he didn’t think it was exaggerated at all. He believed his sister was ndeed that amazing. 
Wynter, what else are you hiding from your brothers?” 
Whitley watched from the sidelines as he thought to himself that there was so much more that Wynter was hiding. From his observations in the formation, she was far from ordinary. 
Who else could pilot an annihilator aircraft or decipher military codes? These were things that only Wynter could do. 
This included being able to save Whitley. 
Despite having forgotten many things, Whitley was still a Savior. Yet, Wynter still 
came to save him and even managed to get the Soul Commanding Badge from the 
formation. 
A Savior recognizing someone as their master could have consequences for ordinary cultivators. Yet, Wynter remained completely unharmed as if she were naturally destined for it. 
The medium from Mt. Dragon was right, yet not entirely. 
Wynter was indeed a prodigy cultivator, but she should be stronger than all of them. Whitley could faintly sense the power emanating from the depths of her soul. 
“Is there anything else unusual about Mr. Winston Senior besides his physical 
condition?” 
###chapter1056
Chapter 1056 Bitterness 
Kaspar turned, and his gaze landed on Wynter. “Unusual?” 
Wynter nodded. 
Kaspar leaned closer to Wynter. “Young lady, why are you suddenly asking this? You can tell me, and I promise I won’t tell anyone.” 
Although Kaspar was trustworthy, Wynter had learned from her experiences in the formation. She only trusted Atwater now and would not reveal too much before Atwater came to find her. 
Wynter simply smiled. “I’m thinking of treating him. The Winstons 
would probably 
offer a good price to fetch a doctor. How much did they pay you?” 
Kolton interjected before Kaspar could reply, “Ms. Dr. Miracle, my master is at devoted cultivator. He doesn’t care about money.” 
“Kolton!” Kaspar frowned at Kolton’s rudeness. What had gotten into him? 
Kolton was unable to accept that the Dr. Miracle could be so mercenary. He was shocked to learn of Wynter’s identity earlier, but now he felt a little disappointed. 
A doctor should be indifferent to fame and fortune. Instead, they should be dedicated to saving lives and alleviating suffering. 
Kolton shook his head disapprovingly after seeing Wynter acting like this. He used to look up to Dr. Miracle as a benchmark for himself. 
Now, it seemed to him that Dr. Miracle did have excellent medical skills, but she was lacking in other aspects. 
Kolton’s reaction was similar to that of a fan becoming disillusioned. 
Wynter didn’t need to guess to know what Kolton was thinking. She glanced at him but said nothing. She idly played with her purple sugilite pendant as she gave him a faint smile. 
Whitley, who was hiding in the shadows, couldn’t help but feel that Kolton, Mt. Dragon’s genius cultivator, had been somewhat overrated. 
Regardless of the amount of money received for treating a patient with divine. healing, it carried a measure of faith. This was not insignificant for cultivators, 
Whitley had looked into his own origins yesterday and had taken the opportunity to research Mt. Dragon while he was at it. 
Even him, an amateur Savior, could tell that Kolton, this so–called genius cultivator of Mt. Dragon, was not very skilled. 
Wynter shared Whitley’s view. Her gaze made Kolton uncomfortable. 
Kaspar shook his head and pointed at Kolton. “You. What are you thinking? Although spiritual practice doesn’t require you to be completely detached from worldly desires, you should avoid the mercantile spirit.. 
“You are always overthinking. You might as well use that time to read more books.” 
Kolton protested, “Ms. Quinnell engages in business, yet master, you praised her as a prodigy cultivator. This shows that business and spiritual practice are not in conflict.” 
“Are you comparing yourself to her? Kolton, are you in your right mind?” Kaspar wasn’t one to coddle his disciples. He waved his hand dismissively, his long sleeves. following his movements. “Stand aside.” 
Kolton had grown accustomed to being respectfully addressed. 
In recent days, with Kaspar absent, he had represented Mt. Dragon at seminars. Kingbourne’s aristocratic families treated him with utmost politeness and regarded him as an honored guest. 
In this moment of comparison, he felt a knot in his throat and an inexplicable sense. of discontent. How could Kaspar, his mentor, fail to support him in public and undermine his reputation like this? 
Regardless, Kolton knew there was plenty of time ahead. He was determined to demonstrate that he possessed unmatched talent in the realm of spiritual practice. 
Kaspar felt worried as he noticed Kolton’s bitterness, but he ignored his sharp perceptions. 
He answered Wynter, “Mr. Winston Senior doesn’t have any unusual symptoms. He’s 
Chapter 1056 Bittemess 
been bedridden for recovery. He should have departed for Hawford by now.” 
“Hawford?” Wynter paused and wondered if it was just a coincidence or… 
3/3 
Kaspar continued, “I don’t foresee any immediate trouble for the head of the Winston. family. There are experts in Hawford who can cure his chronic illness. 
“However, as for his grandson, his horoscope outlook isn’t favorable, and his fate 
seems destined to be troubled. 
“The Winston family’s fortune is also mediocre and lacks the ability to ward off spirits. I believe he could be at risk at any moment.” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter1057
Chapter 1057 Her Own Path 
“Logan Winston? You’ve met him?” Wynter asked. 
Kaspar stroked his beard thoughtfully. “I caught a glimpse. The boy seems troubled, but that’s not the main issue. What concerns me is his fortune. It carries a sense of impending doom.” 
Wynter’s expression changed subtly at Kaspar’s words, though her thoughts 
remained hidden from everyone else. 
The Quinnell family’s affairs had spread throughout Kingsbourne by now. 
Declan was under investigation, and Shane was taken away. There were circulating rumors of internal strife within the Quinnell family. 
Those who tried to help Declan were quickly brought in for questioning themselves. Some sensed that something was going on, but no one suspected Wynter’s involvement. 
Meanwhile, changes were evident in the Fenton and Winston families. 
Austin Fenton looked at her aunt, Marla Fenton, whose face was flushed with excitement. However, he wasn’t sure what she was happy about. 
Before Austin could ask, Marla had already visited to tell him all about it. 
“I don’t know which fortune teller’s divination your uncle listened to, but they said that I would bring him fortune. Now, he’s had a change of heart and is giving all his money to me. His mistress is furious.” 
Austin was interested upon hearing the gossip and set aside the game he was playing. “Is there such a fortune teller?” 
“Of course. I used to nag him about spending on fortune–telling and buying all sorts 
of items. 
“He always takes that mistress around for sightseeing. People were saying that I don’t compare to his mistress because she knows something about protective charms and such.” 
I 
Marla took a sip of her tea and chuckled. “All is right in the world now. When I meet that fortune teller, I will make sure I thank her properly! She sure is kind–hearted!” 
Austin became even more curious and wanted to know who this fortune teller was. 
Aunt Marla, didn’t you ask Uncle Shawn? Where did he hire this fortune teller from?” 
“She should be someone from Mt. Dragon.” Marla set down her cup. “You should accompany me there sometime. This divination is worth its weight in gold.” 
Austin loved seeking out excitement and definitely wanted to go. He wanted to bring Logan along with him when the time came, too. 
However, so far, Austin had never met anyone more skilled in fortune–telling than 
Wynter. 
If she hadn’t kept such a low profile and wasn’t only interested in business and running companies, she would have been the most famous fortune teller in 
Kingbourne. 
“That mistress is so relentless. She is still trying to cling to your uncle.” Marla sighed deeply. “She really gets on my nerves sometimes.” 
Despite being a playboy, Austin knew better than to meddle with someone married. 
Aunt Marla, just tell her to scram. She’s a mistress, so she is the shameless one.” 
“Alright.” Marla smiled while nodding. 
She appeared lost in thought for a moment before she asked abruptly, “Your uncle 
didn’t dare to cross the line because I have my family’s support. 
“But what about those women without any backing? What would they do if they 
encountered such situations?” 
Austin didn’t quite understand Marla. “What kind of situations?” 
Marla thought about those women with husbands who cheated and mistresses who 
would taunt them. 
She opened her mouth but didn’t end up saying those words. 
The sky outside grew darker. 
all the relatives were shocked when the Quinnells welcomed Gordon back to the 
memorial h 
Gordon Quinnell’s situation resurfaced. It drew interest from both business and 
political circles who reached out to the Quinnells 
Fabian asked Wynter, “Wynter, what are your plans now? Which offer will you take?” 
“None of them” Wynter smiled warmly as she held onto Fabian. “Grandpa, you know me well I prefer working alone rather than cooperating with others. 
“Besides, I haven’t really integrated into any of the circles here in Kingsbourne, so why bother now?” 
“You are night. It’s only by focusing on self–improvement that we can avoid being swayed by others Fabian smiled while nodding. 
Albert was still worried about Wynter’s business ventures previously. She wouldn’t be able to have long–term success if she offended everyone. 
At that time, Albert was still discussing with Sebastian about supporting Wynter from the sidelines 
If any issues arose, they decided that they would handle them first. They were going to build connections and mitigate any damage caused by her confrontations. 
###chapter1058
Chapter 1058 Gordon Wants Her to Come Home 
Now, it seemed that Wynter didn’t need the path they had prepared for her at all. Not just in Cascadia, but even overseas. 
Albert shook his head and was relieved that he no longer needed to put on a facade in front of his enemies. He felt better than ever. 
At the same time, he had more ideas about the family’s future plans. They would fulfill the wishes Gordon wanted to accomplish. 
Albert’s gaze fell on the ancestral tablet. 
Wynter knew Albert had been through a lot today and didn’t want to disturb him. She was still preoccupied with what she read in the newspaper and didn’t hide it from her family. 
Instead, she asked directly, “Grandpa, did Grandpa Gordon leave anything important. behind?” 
“Anything important?” Fabian shook his head. “No, your great–great–grandpa was always busy transmitting intel, raising funds, and supplying food. 
“He was also protecting some people. There’s nothing he left behind that is essential. 
Wynter lowered her gaze. Nothing essential was left behind. 
Did Declan take it in advance without Fabian knowing? No, that didn’t seem right. Declan would have used it to negotiate with her if he had anything significant with him. But clearly, he didn’t. 
Wynter tapped on the table with her slender fingers. It was a habit she had when she was deep in thought. 
There was another possibility. Maybe Gordon wanted Wynter to find it herself. She recalled the letter in the newspaper. The words on it seemed to be urging her to 
return home. 
Home? Wynter looked up and furrowed her brows slightly. But she was already 
Chase 408h Gordon rearts Verb Come Th 
home. Where was she supposed to return to? 
Just then, the purple sugilite pendant hanging on Wynter’s waist started to sway. It was a signal sent by Leo! Wynter grasped the pendant tightly and cursed under her 
breath. 
Wynter had been so busy that she had forgotten about Leo, who she left at the 
Martinez residence! 
“Albert, please take care of things at home for a bit. I need to go out. Oh, and if Mr. Logan comes looking for me, have him stay with you for a while,” Wynter instructed. 
Albert raised his eyebrows. “With me? That Logan dude?” 
“Yup. Is there a problem?” Wynter thought that Albert, who was immersed in commerce, would likely have the God of Wealth’s protection. It would be perfect for Logan who had a bad horoscope outlook. 
“Fine by me if he’s willing to.” Albert didn’t tell Wynter that the aristocratic families‘ scions, except for Dalton, in Kingbourne were absolutely terrified of him. They would go to great lengths just to avoid him. 
After all, Albert still wanted to maintain a positive image in Wynter’s eyes. 
Fabian chuckled as he watched the exchange, but he didn’t expose Albert. 
Kaspar had mentioned earlier that Logan would face impending doom. Wynter must 
have arranged it this way for a reason. 
Fabian had watched Logan grow up and felt the need to look out for him. 
What did it mean for a person to be kind? One would know if they knew Fabian. Despite all the hardship he had gone through, he never lost his benevolence. 
Declan claimed that Fabian was too sentimental, and he had to agree. The Quinnells 
had always valued such sentiments. 
The same applied to Wynter. She may seem money–driven, but in reality, she was just 
as steadfast. 
“Then please help me welcome him, Albert.” Wynter squeezed the purple sugilite 
pendant again. “I’ve already sent him a message. He should be here soon.” 
the elder, when, whether a Ne compaly upon #furac nedan andr Maga 
—   ?
###chapter1059
Chapter 1059 Even the Underdogs Deserve Respect 
But Albert would take it seriously since it was Wynter who asked. 
“I’ll keep an eye out. Do you want me to send someone to look for him?” As the eldest brother, Albert had always wanted to help his sister, but Wynter was just too capable. 
Wynter chuckled softly. “No need for that. No one would be able to find him unless he wanted to be found.” 
Albert understood after hearing Wynter. “Is he so mysterious? He must be someone very important to you.” 
“He’s the mentor who introduced me to the Arcane Way.” Wynter took a glance at Kaspar, who was outside. “Albert, I will introduce you to him when he arrives.” 
Albert was smart and understood immediately. “Got it. I will make sure he stays. You 
can go now.” 
Wynter could not recall a time when Leo had been this unsettled. She could sense his feelings since they had a pact. What could have happened in the Martinez residence that caused Leo to feel like this? 
Wynter didn’t go alone. Of course, she wouldn’t leave Whitley behind. If people from Mt. Dragon found out she had a Savior by her side, it could cause chaos. 
Wynter left directly from the garage with a black BMW motorcycle. This time, the person who sat in the back seat was Whitley. 
“It feels different without Wolf.” Wynter lowered herself and accelerated. “Hold on tight. I ride fast.” 
As a Savior, Whitley had never experienced the world spinning around him like this. Was it because turtles moved slowly and couldn’t handle such speed? 
He felt nauseous and was close to puking. The poor kid still hadn’t realized that he was Celestial Dragon. 
Meanwhile, Kaspar and his group were still studying the Quinnell residence’s geomantic layout. 
Chapter 1069 Even the Underdo 
“This is brilliant! Master, look at what Ms. Quinnell has achieved. The purple aura. 
from the east helps bring auspicious fortune. 
“She even left some lingering energy for the ornamental carps in the pond.” Maurice grew more and more amazed as he studied the layout. 
Normally, geomantic layouts borrowed luck from ornamental carps, but leaving luck. 
for the carps was rare! 
Kaspar laughed heartily. “That’s why I said that this young lady is a natural cultivator. Her methods are different from the others, yet it flows smoothly. 
“The ornamental carps benefit from the lingering energy and then return the favor to the household. It creates a cycle that strengthens their fortune. It’s a fascinating 
approach to geomancy.” 
“Master, why does it sound like recycling to me?” Maurice scratched his head. “It’s quite scientific, though.” 
Kaspar laughed loudly again. ‘As cultivators, we must respect both science and nature. Didn’t I teach you that everything has a spirit? This formation exemplifies that 
principle.” 
One shouldn’t believe that ornamental carps were merely fish and thus take their fortune lightly. Ornamental carps were known to bring fortune, but they could also get exhausted. 
This principle extended to people as well. One shouldn’t dismiss others as 
insignificant and trample on them. Unfortunately, many people didn’t understand this 
principle. 
For instance, there was Phoebe, who was still texting. She took a few photos. One of them was a “valuable” gift, and another was of herself leaning toward and kissing a 
man’s cheek. 
“What can I do? He just likes me so much. 
“I must advise you as a fellow woman. At your age, you should focus on skincare 
instead of nagging. He told me that listening to you nag gives him a headache. 
“Oh, by the way, I heard that you’re pregnant with your second child. You should be 
Chapter 1050 Even the Underdogs Deserve Respect. 
3/3 
careful. Husbands usually start losing interest. After all, pregnancy makes women fat and ugly.” 
Judith Zachman was in the Martinez residence’s bedroom helping her daughter, Janessa Martinez, with homework when she received those messages. 
Her grip tightened on her pen, as if it could pierce her heart with its sharp tip. She felt painful emotions surging through her veins. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter1060
Chapter 1060 Cheated On 
Judith had considered divorce, but her family didn’t approve. There was a saying online that married women were no longer a part of their family. She used to think it 
was nonsense, but now she believed it. 
Regarding her issues with Jaxon Martinez, Judith had discussed them with her family before. 
Judith’s father had replied, “Men work hard outside, so you should be more forgiving. 
He is allowed to make mistakes.” 
Her mother also added, “It’s not completely Jaxon’s fault. You should also put in the 
effort to doll up. 
“You have to learn to endure. Do you think your father didn’t do this back then to 
keep the family’s status stable?” 
Judith couldn’t believe her ears. She used to be a high–ranking executive at her 
company, and she had a bright future ahead. She was her parents‘ darling before she 
got married. Why had everything changed? 
Judith didn’t understand before, but after she went back to her parent’s home earlier 
in the morning, she understood everything. It was because Judith’s sister–in–law 
didn’t like it when she came home. 
It wasn’t just Judith facing this situation. Whenever Judith’s sister returned home from an archeological expedition and stayed for more than a week, she would be 
probed about her plans for finding a boyfriend. 
Judith’s parents even arranged blind dates for Judith’s sister, despite the man being ten years older than her. 
Her sister–in–law would mention that it was a blessing to marry someone so wealthy. 
She could be a lady without a worry in the world. 
Judith knew why her parents didn’t want her to get divorced. The Martinez family 
was in antiques dealing, and hence, they had connections with many wealthy 
merchants in Kingbourne. 
However, the Zachman family was ordinary. Hence, by marrying into the Martinez family, Judith’s brother would secure a household in Kingbourne. Judith still had to be grateful to Jaxon. 
Judith looked at the message again and suppressed the disgust she felt. She was about to put her phone aside when Phoebe texted again, not planning to leave her 
alone. 
Another photo was sent. “He even took me to a nearby restaurant. Jane liked me, too. Look, don’t we look like a family eating together?” 
The photo was taken last week on her birthday, a day no one remembered. She had prepared a few dishes, hoping they could have a meal together. 
That day, Jaxon said he needed to work overtime and even posted on his social 
media to apologize. 
His colleagues and friends praised him as a good husband who still remembered to prepare flowers for his wife despite his busy schedule. 
However, the reality was that she waited at home until dawn. The food on the table had gone cold. 
The next day, Judith’s mother–in–law, Georgia Fletcher, returned with Janessa. She glanced at her and told her not to waste food when she was alone at home. No one was going to eat the food she cooked. 
Judith didn’t understand why Janessa avoided her gaze that day. Now, she knew it 
was because they were with another woman on her birthday. 
Judith could no longer bear it. She picked up her phone and stormed toward the 
living room. 
Georgia was in the living room having a tea break, accompanied by two retired 
teachers. “Your daughter–in–law is good. Mine can’t compare.” 
Georgia waved her hand dismissively and sighed deeply. “The whole family depends 
on Jaxon to support them. 
“The child’s expenses are hundreds of thousands of dollars per year. And now, the overall economic situation isn’t ideal, so this puts a lot of pressure on Jaxon.” 
One of the teachers put her teacup down. “If my memory serves, Judith used to be a senior executive. Let her find a new job.” 
“She’s in her 40s. It would be difficult.” Georgia laughed. “Which company would 
want a middle–aged mother? She is also pregnant now. My son is unwilling to let her 
suffer.” 
“Then you should be more considerate. We are all women.” 
Georgia sneered. “Am I not considerate enough? I’m just a step away from pampering her.“
###chapter1061
Chapter 1061 Mothers–in–Laws Will Always Side with Their Sons 
Another teacher saw Judith coming out and immediately signaled for silence. 
However, Georgia didn’t care if Judith overheard her or not. In fact, she preferred if 
Judith did. 
She found Judith’s presence at home annoying and wanted to remind her that marrying into the Martinez family was a blessing she didn’t deserve. She shouldn’t 
cause trouble constantly. 
Georgia was very different from Haddon in both temperament and behavior. Haddon was indifferent to household matters. He spent most of his time away on 
archaeological expeditions and had become more detached from worldly concerns 
because of it. 
Judith had indeed overheard Georgia’s words. She clenched her fists and maintained 
a calm demeanor. “Mom, I need to talk to you.” 
Georgia’s disrespect for Judith wasn’t new. She glanced up. “Can’t you see I’m busy? 
What could you possibly want?” 
“It’s about Jane.” Judith didn’t want to escalate things despite the situation. Janessa was about to start middle school, and she didn’t want anything to affect her studies. 
But the recent photos had hurt Judith deeply. Not because of the cheating, but more 
so because her daughter was in the photos as well. 
Georgia assumed it was a school matter when she heard that it was about Janessa. She stood up and followed Judith to the room. “What’s wrong with Jane?” 
Judith placed her phone in front of Georgia. “Mom, you said you took Jane out to relax because she did well in school. Is this what you meant by relaxing? Letting her hang out with a woman who’s trying to break up her parents‘ marriage?” 
“Keep your voice down!” Georgia’s initial reaction wasn’t panic, but rather indifference, when Judith confronted her. She was aware that Judith would find out 
about her son’s extramarital affairs eventually anyway. 
This time, Jaxon was involved with a college student who was a popular social 
Get 1001 Mob 
EUWE VI Awara Side wiD THERE SORS 
media influencer. Georgia didn’t think it was an issue if the girl could give her another grandchild. It had to be better than Judith, who was pregnant with a girl again. 
“Keep my voice down? Mom, this is morally wrong. You used to be an educator.” 
Judith’s voice trembled with emotions. 
Georgia tugged at Judith. “Are you out of your mind? There are guests outside.” 
“I know the Martinew family cares about their reputation, but you can’t treat people like this.” Judith pointed at the photo. “This is my daughter!” 
Georgia dropped all pretense when Judith started raising her voice. “Why are you shouting? It’s just a photo. That girl is just a student. You’re overthinking things.” 
“I’m overthinking? Look at these! All of them!” Judith scrolled through her photo album. “She’s been sending me these for the past three months. You knew who she was all along. You even admitted that the Martinez family had wronged me.” 
Georgia sneered at these words. “It was just some casual words. Why are you taking 
them seriously? I’m warning you. Don’t spread lies. 
“What do you mean the Martinez family wronged you? Divorces happen all the time when married couples lose feelings for each other!” 
Georgia’s loud declaration was meant for the guests outside. Sure enough, the two 
of them came over to intervene. 
“Judith, what’s wrong? Are you arguing with your mother–in–law? Don’t fight. 
Harmony in the family is the key to happiness. You too, Georgia. Don’t get so worked 
up.” 
They weren’t genuinely trying to intervene. After all, they couldn’t interfere in other people’s family matters. 
Judith clenched her fist so hard that it was hurting. “This is not a matter of falling out 
of love. He cheated on me while I was pregnant!” 
“Cheating? Did you see it with your own eyes?” Georgia pushed Judith. “I think you’re just restless because you don’t have a job. Jaxon is busy working hard. How dare 
you accuse him like this!” 
Georgia would not let anyone tarnish her son’s reputation. 
###chapter1062
Chapter 1062 I Will Get a Divorce 
Georgia had only one thought in her mind, and she spoke without restraint. “Besides, what do you have to compare with others? You couldn’t even give us a son. Did the 
Martinex family not give you enough time? 
“You look like an old hag every day. Why don’t you ask Jane if she likes you? She 
herself wanted to go. What are you making a fuss about?” 
“She wanted to go?” Judith couldn’t believe it. “Jane would never…” 
The door suddenly burst open. Janessa stood there, irritation clear on her face. “I did 
want to go. Ms. Phoebe’s really nice, and she always plays with me. Mommy, you’re overreacting. Why are you arguing with Grandma about this? Ms. Phoebe’s just Daddy’s friend.” 
“Ms. Phoebe is nice and always plays with you?” Judith repeated Janessa’s words, feeling like she’d been stabbed in the back. 
Janessa took a sip of water. “Yes, and Ms. Phoebe’s not old–fashioned like you, Mommy. She goes shopping with me and takes me to Disneyland. She even bought 
me a Lina Bell plushie. 
“Daddy said they’re just talking about work and took me along for some fun. Mommy, you’re always paranoid.” 
It was said that women were naturally gentle, but motherhood made them strong. If Judith felt pain before, now she was numb and her body felt cold. It was as if she 
had lost all sensation. 
Judith didn’t care what others thought of her, but why was her own daughter also 
treating her this way? 
Judith screamed at the top of her lungs, “She’s a mistress! I’m not being paranoid! 
She sent me all these messages!” 
“Mommy, I have Ms. Phoebe’s social media. How could it be her? And the photos don’t even show the whole face,” Janessa said nonchalantly. “If you really think Daddy has wronged you, just get a divorce.” 
Chapter 10624 Will Get a Divisrce 
2/2 
Judith froze suddenly, unable to utter a single word. She couldn’t understand what had gone wrong. Why would her daughter say such things? 
Georgia gently patted Janessa’s shoulder. “Okay, go back to your studies. I’ll make sure your mom stops yelling. I’ll order your favorite pizza too.” 
“And ice cream!” Janessa’s voice was cheerful. 
Georgia smiled. “Of course. Grandma will order it for you now.” 
The scene was absurd and left even the outsiders at a loss for words. One of the 
teachers quietly suggested, “Judith, maybe you should wait for Jaxon to come back 
and see what he has to say.” 
Judith’s shoulders trembled as she spoke through tears. “Do you also think I’m being paranoid? That I’m overthinking?” 
The teacher didn’t know how to answer her question, so she could only say, “You 
need to be more open–minded.” 
“Exactly. Why don’t I just get a divorce?” Judith looked at her daughter, who didn’t 
seem to care about her at all. Her face contorted into a mixture of tears and laughter. 
“All this time, I’ve only been fooling myself.” 
Georgia shot a glance at her. “That’s enough. Go make dinner. Jane wants pizza, and 
I will have tacos. Make plenty.” 
“Tacos? You want me to make tacos now?” Judith’s tears fell onto her phone. “Your son is clearly in the wrong. No wonder he’s such a jerk! It’s because he has a mother like you, someone who thinks cheating is no big deal!” 
Upon hearing this, Georgia slapped Judith. “This is your final warning. Stop talking 
about cheating. Who cheated? If you have the guts, just get a divorce like Jane said.” 
“Okay.” Judith’s voice lowered. “I will get a divorce.” 
###chapter1063
Chapter 1063 Where Is the Justice. 
This sentence made Janessa’s face twist in displeasure. “Mommy, what are you. talking about? I didn’t mean it!” 
Judith didn’t look at her daughter because she didn’t understand what kind of child 
could speak against her mother like this. 
It wasn’t like Janessa was only one or two years old. She was old enough to know when to show gratitude. 
Judith could accept the failure of her marriage, but what devastated her was that her own child, born from her womb, looked down on her like this. She deeply regretted 
having her. 
Judith’s eyes were fixed on Georgia. “When I married into the Martinez family, I had a very popular audiobook. I’ve been earning royalties for years now, but where is that contract? Return it to me now. I’m going to inform Jaxon to get a divorce now.” 
Georgia laughed incredulously at Judith’s words. “Are you delusional? Your audiobook? It was written by my son. What does it have to do with you? You must be 
out of your mind!” 
“He said he wrote it?” Judith furrowed her brow, a hint of mockery in her smile. “He certainly knows how to flatter himself.” 
Upon hearing this, Georgia slapped Judith across the face. “Judith Zachman, listen. to me! If you’re sick, go seek help! Everyone knows my son has a burgeoning reputation in the writing world. 
“Are you trying to exploit him knowing that he’s famous? Or are you plotting to spread malicious rumors about him online? Let me tell you! You won’t succeed! You’re despicable! 
“You came from a poor rural area Your family runs a fruit shop in Kingsbourne. Do you really think you have enough education to become a writer? You must be crazy from being so obsessed with money!” 
Georgia didn’t bother controlling her force when she slapped Judith. Her face 
swelled from the blows, and she felt dazed, her stomach hitting the edge of the table. 
Chapter 1663 Where is the Just 
Janessa was frightened at this moment. She stepped forward to support Judith. 
Mommy, are you okay?” 
Judith instinctively reached out to protect her abdomen. She looked at Janessa. “Do you also think the novel was written by your father?” 
“Mommy, what’s gotten into you? If you think Daddy is having an affair and want to 
get back at him, just say it. There’s no need for this. Please think about me too.” Janessa didn’t want upheaval in her family. 
“My classmates envy me for having a father who’s a writer. Daddy even had book signings. Do you really not know? Besides, you struggle to even help me with my homework. How could you write a book?” 
Judith’s heart was already in pieces at this moment. What terrified her even more was not just these conflicts, but the very real possibility that she might not have ownership over her own audiobook. 
Judith turned to Georgia again. The two retired teachers intervened from the sideline. 
“It really was me who wrote it. It wasn’t him.” Judith’s eyes darted around. “I had just become pregnant then and wanted to do something at home. He helped me type…” The two teachers exchanged a glance. 
Georgia reached out and grabbed Judith’s hair. “You can write? Do you have that ability? Stop spouting lies. You want to leave the Martinez family, don’t you? Then get out now! I won’t keep you!” 
With a loud bang, Judith was pushed to the side of the door. Before Judith could react, Georgia had already called Judith’s family. “Come and take your useless daughter away! Have I not been tolerant enough? She wants a divorce, so I’ll grant it to her!” 
Immediately after Georgia hung up, Judith’s mother called Judith. “Divorce? Are you not ashamed? Judith, you’re not a child anymore. You are going to be a mother of two, but you still have such a bad temper! You are really spoiled rotten by Jaxon!” 
 r 
###chapter1064
Chapter 1064 Where Injustice Reigns Enter Wynter 
“Make her apologize to the Martinez family now! No one in the Zachman family has 
ever gotten divorced. She’s not my daughter anymore if she dares get a divorce. She’s truly out of her mind!” Judith could hear her father’s furious yelling through the phone. 
For as long as Judith could remember, her father was always like this. It was as if the world had flipped whenever things didn’t go his way. 
Judith used to think that she had to be grateful to her parents. Now, she understood that it didn’t matter. Her brother could do whatever he wanted. It was only she and her younger sister who had to act grateful. 
Judith laughed. “Ironic. It’s truly ironic.” Her head was bleeding but she couldn’t stop laughing. Her eyes seemed to be shrouded in a thick black fog. 
“The world is vast. Yet, I have no place to call home. I just want to know, is a daughter’s life really worth nothing? Why did you bring me into this world if you didn’t love me? Was it solely to pave a path for your son?” 
The voice in her last sentence didn’t sound like Judith’s. It seemed to come room to the west. It was muffled by layers of walls, but it was deafening. 
Leo remained still because he couldn’t stop an 
ny of this. He even shared the of this. He even shared the 
sentiment as Judith. Everyone here deserved to die! 
Resentment influenced one another, especially when confronted with injustice. 
the 
“Kill them!” A voice echoed in Judith’s ear. She felt herself lose control as her hand tightened around the fruit knife beside her. 
“Kill them!” Judith lowered her gaze as her palm faced downward. 
Georgia saw this and still wanted to kick her out. “Get lost!” 
Just then, the door was suddenly blocked by a leg clad in black pants and rugged boots. Her long hair and sleek coat framed a stunning, yet cool, visage. It was none other than Wynter. 
Wynter’s hand promptly caught hold of Judith as she lifted her gaze. This support helped Judith regain her sanity. She didn’t know what had gotten into her earlier. 
Wynter tightened her grip on her purple sugilite pendant which brought Leo back to his senses as well. He looked at Wynter with innocent eyes as his tiny mouth. quivered pitifully. “Master. 
Wynter held onto Leo as her gaze turned to Georgia. “She’s pregnant. You shouldn’t. have pushed her no matter what. Besides, as she said, it was your son who cheated Your son is a scum. 
“Mr. Martinez is respected in the archaeology community. I thought the Martinez. family would value reason and proprietary. You’ve proved me wrong today, Mrs. Martinez.” 
“What did you say?” Georgia didn’t know where Wynter har 
to meddle in her family affairs? 
come from. Who was shel 
Georgia was about to lose her temper when one of the retired teachers pulled her back and reminded her that Wynter might be a student. It wouldn’t look good if this incident spread. 
Georgia took a deep breath and suppressed her anger. If this really was Haddon’s 
student, she couldn’t openly show her rage. But she thought that Wynter was an ill- 
mannered student who failed to assess the situation. 
In reality, Georgia didn’t possess any genuine talent or knowledge. Her job and her 
marriage to Haddon were both a product of her family connections. As a result, shel always looked down on people from outside the city. 
“This is not the way to present yourself if you’re a student visiting your mentor’s 
home.” Georgia sneered as she eyed Wynter from head to toe. 
Over the years, she had seen way too many poor students who didn’t even know to 
bring a fruit basket when visiting their mentor. 
Wynter held Judith’s hand as her casual gaze fell on Georgia. “And in what way should I present myself? Should I kneel before you? Who do you 
think you 
are?” 
Wynter’s relentless questioning and final retort left Georgia gasping for breath. “You! You!” Georgia’s finger trembled as she pointed at Wynter. “You won’t be graduating!” 
###chapter1065
Chapter 1065 I Will Take Care of You 
Wynter tilted her head, puzzled. “Graduate? I can graduate anytime.” 
“Ha! We’ll see.” Georgia sneered, her anger barely contained. “Let’s see if you’re still this confident when my husband gets home!” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow, a hint of mockery in her expression as she understood Georgia’s thinking. From her tone, it was clear this wasn’t the first time she had done 
something like this. 
Though Wynter hadn’t attended college or grad school in the usual way, she knew 
some people used threats of delayed graduation to manipulate students. She hadn’t 
expected the Martinez family to stoop this low. 
“Do as you wish.” Wynter narrowed her eyes. “I’m not going anywhere. I’ll sit right 
here and wait for Mr. Martinez to return.” 
With that, Wynter helped Judith into a chair before checking her pulse and observing 
her complexion. 
Georgia was livid. “Who do you think you are? Did I let you in? How dare you make 
yourself comfortable in my house!” 
Judith was dazed by the unexpected help. She noticed how beautiful and serene 
Wynter was. She looked like a student. 
Despite her lowered gaze, Wynter’s gentle voice was incredibly reassuring. “The baby 
is fine. Is there anywhere else you’re hurting?” 
Judith instinctively clutched her chest. “My heart… it hurts.” 
“You are overwhelmed by grief.” Wynter’s gaze swept to the side. “Is that your 
daughter?” 
Judith nodded and squeezed Wynter’s hand as she said with a strained voice, “You 
shouldn’t get involved. You might… you might not be able to graduate.” 
Everyone assumed Wynter was a student. Wynter smirked. “I have no graduation to 
worry about. Let’s talk about your resentment.” 
“Resentment?” Judith suddenly heard the haunting voice echo in her ears, and her 
gaze darkened. “I have no resentment.” 
Wynter furrowed her brow and was about to probe further when Georgia interrupted her. “Are you listening to me?” Then, Georgia picked up her phone. “The police! I’m calling the police right now!” 
Wynter stood up straight and her voice remained calm. “True, you should call the police. Assaulting a pregnant woman is a crime. It’s best to have the cops handle 
this.” 
Georgia hesitated when she heard Wynter’s words. Her hand hovered over the phone. She suddenly remembered her social standing. 
Her husband was a highly respected figure in the cultural relic circle. If the police got involved and word spread that she had pushed her pregnant daughter–in–law, it wasn’t just about the legal consequences she’d have to worry about. People would talk about how she was a cruel mother–in–law. 
Even if the divorce went through, the Martinez family’s reputation couldn’t afford a 
hit. 
“Well, don’t you have a sharp tongue, brat?” Georgia waved her hand dismissively. “I don’t have time to entertain you. You want to help her, don’t you? Take her away. 
“Does she want a divorce? Go ahead. The Martinez family doesn’t care to keep someone who only knows how to freeload.” Judith’s eyes darkened further upon. hearing this. 
Before Wynter even entered the house, she could already sense the formation of a Spectral Veil from outside. 
A Spectral Veil was different from an Earthbound Formation. It was formed by the resentment of the living which stirred specters in the underworld. A pact had to be made to activate a Spectral Veil. 
Wynter turned Judith’s arm over but found no marks of a pact. This was puzzling. 
There wasn’t much time to ponder. Wynter looked into Judith’s eyes. “I can help you, not by taking you away, but by helping you seek revenge. The condition is that you need to tell me what your resentments are.” 
Chapter 10051 Will Take Care of You 
“Help me seek revenge?” Judith shook her head. Tears streamed down her face from 
her dark and hollow eyes. 
“It’s no use. No one stands by my side. My parents are ashamed of me, and my 
daughter thinks I’m useless. Even my audiobook was taken away. I can’t fight the Martinez family. I don’t want to burden you. Please, just go.” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter1066
Chapter 1066 I Am a Quinnell I Can Fight 
Wynter gripped Judith’s shoulder firmly. “You may not be able to fight them alone, but you have me. I am from the Quinnell family. With me around, there’s nothing for 
you to fear.” 
“In addition to my lineage, I compete with them in other ways.” Wynter was talking to Judith’s soul through her body. “Together, we’ll reclaim what’s rightfully yours.” 
Judith paused and looked up with her empty eyes. “Quinnell? As in the Quinnell Family National Enterprise?” 
The reaction wasn’t limited to Judith. Even Georgia almost lost her balance. She gripped onto the nearby furniture for support, her face filled with astonished disbelief as a cold shiver ran down her spine. 
“Yes.” Wynter slowly guided the black energy from Judith to her fingertips. 
This spectacle wasn’t visible to others, but Leo could see it vividly. He moved forward to intervene. Wynter already carried many personal burdens, and now she had this added weight. 
Leo was genuinely worried that adding more would lead to serious consequences, especially considering all the personal burdens that still needed resolving. 
Judith seemed to regain hope. “I want everyone to know what a scoundrel he truly is. The audiobook was written by me, not him!” 
“Okay.” Wynter withdrew her hand. There was a hint of relief. It wasn’t too late yet. 
Leo stood beside Wynter. His small figure reached only up to her thighs. “Master those personal burdens-” 
“It wouldn’t have triggered such a strong Spectral Veil if I hadn’t left you here. It’s my responsibility.” Wynter’s voice was soft. 
Leo, however, understood that it wasn’t Wynter’s fault. It was his own inability to control his resentment which had affected Judith significantly. After all, he always had a powerful influence over pregnant women. 
Cume 1056 Ant BPho! | Can Fight 
Given his powerful influence, even if Leo wasn’t the main cause, he certainly played a role in this. If discovered, he would have to face punishments in hell. 
Leo knew Wynter was taking the punishment for him. Knowing that, Leo tightened his grip on Wynter’s clothes. 
“Master, it’s all my fault. I should have noticed there was a pregnant woman here sooner. “Leo kept his head lowered, looking meek. 
He had almost let his resentment take over again. Fortunately, Wynter arrived in time. Otherwise, he would never forgive himself if something happened to Judith. 
Wynter reached out to pat Leo’s head. “It’s not your fault. She’s barely acknowledged 
in this household.” 
As she was undervalued, Judith didn’t even have a room of her own and had to share. one with Janessa. As for the master bedroom, it was filled with men’s work outfits. 
and suits. 
Wynter had sensed something was off with the room’s atmosphere before and 
thought something was wrong with Haddon’s granddaughter, Janessa. Now, it seemed that Wynter had misread the whole situation. No wonder the atmosphere 
was strange. 
No one could hear the conversation between Wynter and Leo. 
Georgia was still taken aback by Wynter’s identity. Those nearby her were discussing 
it as well. 
“She… is she really from the Quinnell family?” 
“A relative of the Quinnells?” 
“She doesn’t look like it…‘ 
Georgia had only met Naomi and Albert from the Quinnell family. The former was 
because she had hoped for Haddon to interact more with this new talent. 
After all, Naomi was Quinnell’s adopted daughter in name. Strengthening their relationship would save Haddon from the hassle of constantly traveling around. It would also boost Jaxon’s future prospects. 
eter 10661 Ama Quruschi Can Fight 
But Haddon remained stubborn, insisting that his life’s mission was solely to protect 
cultural relics. Naomi had visited several times, but he refused to meet her. 
Georgia only caught glimpses from afar but she knew that her entire pension couldn’t even afford a single rim of the cars the Quinnells drove. 
Protecting cultural relics was no longer as lucrative as it once was. Yet, Haddon. wasn’t keen on maintaining relationships or being socially active, so it was hard to expect much financial gain. 
Georgia had then approached Albert and subtly hinted at Haddon’s interest in taking on an apprentice. 
###chapter1067
Chapter 1067 Better Off Without Such a Child 
Albert seemed to not understand Georgia’s words. Weren’t people who managed 
companies supposed to be smart? Why wasn’t Albert able to grasp such a 
straightforward hint? 
Georgia’s emotions were now conflicted whenever she heard about the Quinnel 
family. The only certainty was that she wanted to establish a connection with them. 
But who was this person in front of her? 
Georgia stepped forward. “I’ve met the adopted daughter of the Quinnells. May I know who you are in the Quinnell family?” 
Before Wynter could reply, the two retired teachers suddenly said, “Georgia!” Georgia 
turned back in confusion. 
One of the teachers tugged at her and spoke softly. “I remember her! I was 
wondering why she looked so familiar. She is that girl from the Quinnells!” 
“Which girl?” Georgia didn’t think much about it. 
“The true heiress that the Quinnells brought back. I heard she’s in charge of the 
entire Quinnell Group now. Wasn’t she on a TV show with your husband recently?” 
Georgia didn’t pay attention to programs at all, and Haddon never mentioned anything about them. 
“Anyway, just stop talking. Whatever you do, don’t offend her.” 
Georgia’s heart sank upon hearing their words. She deeply regretted how harsh she had been to Wynter just now. 
“Ms. Quinnell, my eyesight must be failing me. I must be getting confused.” Georgia, adept in social situations, changed her tone astonishingly fast. 
“You must be a magnanimous person, Ms. Quinnell. My husband is at fault here. He didn’t mention anything about his relationship with you.” Georgia still thought Wynter was Hudson’s student. 
“Our family is always so chaotic. We speak without thinking sometimes. I didn’t 
control my temper well. Georgia stepped forward, intending to physically support 
Judith 
Judith, Mom wants to apologize to you. I was wrong. Just tell me if you have any grievances. I’ll make sure you get justice when Jaxon comes back! If he really wronged you, not just you, even I and his father won’t let him off!” 
Judith was disgusted by Georgia’s words. She avoided Georgia’s touch and looked at Wynter. “I have evidence of his infidelity. I’ve saved a lot of them. I want a divorce. 
and the rights to my own audiobook.” 
“Judith!” Georgia’s face darkened. Her voice was low and ominous as if grinded out 
from between clenched teeth. “That’s enough from you! Jane, take your mother inside!” Georgia called out loudly to Janessa. 
Janessa also didn’t want her family’s dirty laundry to be aired in public. She pulled Judith toward the bedroom. Wynter widened her eyes at the sight. 
This was the crux of the issues. What Judith resented the most was that her own 
blood was betraying her along with everyone else. 
“Wait.” Wynter blocked Janessa’s path. Her voice was calm and steady. “Your father cheated, and your grandma is bullying your mother. Can’t you see that?” 
Janessa was irritated by the question. “Even if Daddy cheated, it’s because my mommy is incompetent. She stays at home all day, unlike my daddy, who excels at everything. If I were my daddy, I wouldn’t be interested in my mommy either. 
“I looked at the texts just now. What’s wrong with it? Mommy does need to find ways to improve herself. 
“Mommy doesn’t even understand principles that elementary school kids. 
understand. Ms. Phoebe is a young and beautiful influencer. 
“What about Mommy? She doesn’t know anything besides asking if the meals today taste good or not. She can’t even keep her own man. Whose fault is that?” 
Wynter’s thin lips curved into an unprecedented, icy smile. “So, is the lesson your all 
learn in elementary school is that as long as you’re young and beautiful, you can destroy someone else’s family and take pride in it?” 
###chapter1068
Chapter 1068 I Want Revenge 
“I-” Janessa was about to speak when Wynter interrupted her. 
“Your mother was young and beautiful before she had you. Childbirth is incredibly 
damaging to a woman. Everyone knows that.” Wynter’s gaze bore into Janessa, and 
her presence was overwhelming. 
“But no matter how hard or exhausting it was, your mother wanted to bring you into 
this world because she loved you. She took the risks for you despite knowing the 
harm it would cause her. 
“She doesn’t just ask about your meals because she has nothing better to do. She 
cares about you.” Wynter’s eyes darkened. “Yet, you’ve turned out this way. You are 
unworthy of the sacrifices she made. 
“Indeed, some things are common. For instance, blaming a woman for a man’s 
infidelity. People often suggest that it’s because the woman didn’t take care of 
herself or didn’t maintain her figure. 
“But infidelity is infidelity. The wife doesn’t need to take the blame for her unfaithful 
husband and his mistress. I’m here today to get justice for your mother. Your father 
is influential and has connections, isn’t that right? I’ll make him pay. 
“That Ms. Phoebe of yours is an influencer? Then let’s expose her affair to the entire 
world. No one will get their peace, including you, until your mother is happy.” 
Wynter walked up to Janessa, her lips curved into a cold smile. “Only then will I stop.” 
Janessa had never encountered someone so ruthless, and those words from Wynter 
didn’t sound like empty threats. Janessa’s face paled from fear. She turned to 
Georgia while crying. “Grandma…” 
“Ms. Quinnell!” Georgia stepped in and said, “Marriage and divorce are adult matters. They have nothing to do with children. Jane is still young. She speaks without 
thinking, as all children do.” 
It was as if Georgia was implying that despite being the heiress of the Quinnell family, Wynter was bullying a child. 
Chapter 1069 (Wan Revenge 
Wynter looked at Georgia out of the corner of her eye as her fingers played with the purple sugilite pendant. She had intended to wait for Haddon to return, but now it seemed unnecessary. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow and was about to step forward when her arm was grabbed from behind. 
It was Judith. From the beginning, she had been on the receiving end of verbal assaults. She couldn’t understand why the world blamed her for her husband’s infidelity. 
She hadn’t wronged anyone. Wasn’t the one at fault the immoral scoundrel and his mistress? 
For all of Judith’s life, she had been taught that a person of integrity followed principles. 
Breaking up someone else’s family was wrong, no matter how young or beautiful the person was, and betraying a marriage was wrong, no matter how capable or outstanding the individual. So why was she the one being shamed now? 
The constant emotional turmoil was about to drown Judith until Wynter appeared and pulled her out of the quagmire. Wynter gave her strength. Judith decided she would no longer stand in her shadow. 
“She is the daughter of Jaxon and I. How can our divorce not concern her? She will be going to middle school soon. Some documents might even need her signature.” Judith seemed like a different person now as she no longer held back. 
“I gave birth to such a daughter. It’s my fault, Everyone must face the consequences of their mistake.” 
Judith looked at Janessa 
as she spoke. “I got pregnant with you right after getting married. We had to choose one of us to go to work. To take better care of the family, I listened to your father’s plea and resigned from my high executive position.” 
###chapter1069
Chapter 1069 Please Help Me 
“I initially planned to return to work after my maternity leave. Your father couldn’t have stopped me. But one night, I saw your tiny face turning red from struggling with 
the bottle. I just couldn’t leave you. 
“I told myself to put my career on hold and wait till you were a bit older before. returning. Your father was elated to hear that because that meant he could be at 
peace without any worries. 
“Later, I found out that the company was deciding between sending me or your father abroad as a new manager. He got promoted swiftly after I left. 
Judith clenched her fist. “I was naive. I didn’t keep a safety net for myself. After having you, I softened and kept lowering my own boundaries. I thought I could endure it even when I found out about the mistress.” Judith’s tears streamed down her face uncontrollably as she continued. 
“I’ve become someone even I can’t respect. I can’t stand it anymore.” Judith wiped her tears with her thumb and held her belly protectively with one hand as she looked directly at Janessa. “If you find me embarrassing and don’t want to acknowledge me as your mother, then we’ll part ways. 
“I’ll divorce your father, and you can stay with the Martinez family. I won’t fight for your custody.” 
Janessa shouted, “Can’t you just not get a divorce? Think about me! My classmates will laugh at me for coming from a broken family!” Even now, Janessa was only concerned about herself. 
Judith looked at Janessa’s tiny face. Her tears ran down her cheeks as she laughed dryly. “You really are part of the Martinez family, Jane. Do you know what truly broke 
me? 
“It wasn’t staying home for six months and wanting to wait until you were three when you could speak or walk before going back to work. It wasn’t quitting the new job I finally found when your grandma got a mycoplasma infection that spread to her lungs. It wasn’t even your father’s affair. 
“It was your attitude.” 
“Okay, okay, okay.” Janessa was getting frustrated. “I know you worked hard for me. It was all for me. So why can’t you not get a divorce for my sake?” 
“I’m getting a divorce.” Judith’s voice grew calmer. “Not just that. Your father’s career as an author will also be over. He shouldn’t have stolen my work to build his 
reputation. 
“It’s not my fault if your classmates make fun of you. It is your father’s for betraying our family. I’m not telling you this to complain, but to state facts.” Judith’s gaze lowered. “You didn’t have to know any of this. 
“But since you’ve had meals with the mistress and even said you liked her, you should welcome her into this home. I was foolish to think it would affect your studies if you found out about this. It turns out, I was the only person in the dark.” 
Janessa looked guilty for a moment before retorting, “Fine. Get a divorce if you must. But do you really have to make such a scene? 
“Mommy, if Daddy loves Ms. Phoebe, why not just be happy for them? If you keep making such a scene, everyone will think you’re being pathetic.” 
“Be happy for them? Pathetic?” Judith repeated Janessa’s words. Her gaze fell downward and she no longer looked back. She turned to Wynter and fell to her knees. 
“Ms. Quinnell, I, Judith Zachman, have no power or influence. I’m just an ordinary. housewife. The only thing I can offer you is my life. Please help me get justice. I will be indebted to you for the rest of my life.” 
###chapter1070
Chapter 1070 Your Falth 
Before anyone could stop her, Judith quickly began to kneel and bag. Wynter quickly. reached out to stop her and smiled gently. 
She said, “There’s no need for that. However, I can’t help you for free. Otherwise, my means would be unjustified.” 
Wynter held Judith’s wrist and asked, “Are you willing to place your faith in me?” 
“Faith?” Although Judith was confused, she was willing to do anything. “I will.” 
“That’s good,” Wynter replied. 
The atmosphere within the inner bedroom of the Martinez residence improved greatly. The cold breeze managed to make its way inside the room after the 
resentment energy dissipated. 
Leo couldn’t help but feel happy for Wynter. The power of faith could help a cultivator and protect them during critical moments. Not to mention, Judith held a strong faith that few people possessed. 
In truth, Wynter was like a light in Leo’s life. Leo and the twins‘ existence had never been welcomed by anyone. Even their own parents had abandoned them. 
With everything that they’ve done, those mediums from Mt. Dragon would have probably destroyed them or sealed them up. 
They never thought someone would help them exact their revenge and give them 
clothes to wear. 
Leo remembered everything Wynter had done for him. If it weren’t for the fact that an unborn spirit did not possess the ability to place their faith in someone, he would have placed all of his faith in Wynter! 
“Then, why don’t we start now? Give me all the evidence you have. I’ll do the rest,” Wynter said with a soft smile. 
Judith nodded, her gaze more determined than ever. This time, Judith did not need anyone to push her and grabbed her bags that held all of her belongings before her 
marriage. 
Georgia soon realized things weren’t going as she had planned. So, she quickly. stopped them and said, “Ms. Quinnell, how can you ask them to get a divorce? Everyone will just be humiliated if things get out of hand. 
“I don’t mean to offend her, but who would be willing to marry her if she’s pregnant? Did you ask for her parents‘ permission? Her parents have been calling me 
repeatedly to apologize.” 
Upon hearing this, Wynter paused and turned to Judith. 
Judith smiled and said, “Just ignore my parents. They don’t want me anymore because they believe I’ve humiliated them.” 
Wynter did not say anything. She helped carry one of Judith’s bags and said, “Let’s go down.” 
Georgia noticed her words had no effect on them and slapped her leg. “What did my family do to deserve this? Everyone, please help me!” Her goal was to ruin Judith’s 
reputation. 
“My son has treated his wife with care throughout these years. How can she want a divorce just because they had a small disagreement? 
“Judith, I’ve always treated you as my own daughter. How could you be so cruel?” 
Georgia was indeed a difficult woman to deal with. Her methods were ruthless once she had put down her shame. If it weren’t for Wynter, Judith would have been 
condemned by the crowd before her. 
It was obvious that it wasn’t Georgia’s first time using such an underhanded method 
to harass Judith. 
Georgia believed that Wynter would back away after her little stunt. After all, Wynter was still engaged to someone from the Yarwood family and had to pay attention to her reputation. 
Unfortunately, Georgia’s plan was nothing but wishful thinking. Wynter watched as Georgia continued to shout. She even took out her phone to film Georgia. 
Georgia had not confronted Wynter, nor had she seen Wynter in action. She thought 
Chacter 1070 Your Fath 
she had gained the upper hand when Wynter left without another word, so she was still feeling smug when… 
###chapter1071
Chapter 1071 Rationality 
Someone beside Georgia warned, “Georgia, Ms. Quinnell has caused the suffering of many people. Why are you making such a fuss before her? She’s the heiress of the Quinnell family.” 
“That’s exactly why I have to resort to such tricks to deal with her.” 
After noticing that everyone had left, Georgia sneered and said, “Perhaps we’re not as talented as her at handling a company, but she still has a long way to go before she learns how to handle people. 
“I want to cling onto the Quinnell family, but she doesn’t let me do so. She’s acting as if I’m just a mere thorn in her side. 
“Although the Martinez family isn’t as wealthy as the Quinnells, we still have more connections than them. She also can’t do anything to me if she considers my husband’s identity. 
“She can’t do whatever she likes just because she’s rich. When they reach the courthouse they’ll know they can’t get a divorce just because of a few text messages. 
Georgia smiled menacingly as she continued, “The courthouse won’t approve of the divorce. Even if it does, they’ll still have to go through a cooling period.” 
Georgia was speaking the truth. It was hard for them to get a divorce now. But, of course, Wynter knew about it. She had studied law after all. 
The first thing Wynter did after bringing Judith out was to take her to a comfortable cafe. Then, she called Sebastian. 
“Yes. I have a friend who would like to file for divorce. Sebastian, I thought you don’t take such cases?” 
Sebastian said something and Wynter quickly replied, “Of course, I’ll be more rest assured if you help with the case.” 
After hearing Sebastian’s reply, she smiled and asked, “Why do you want to be put up against him?” 
Sebastian said, “There’s an absolute need for comparison. How can you only ask 
Albert for help regarding Grandpa Gordon’s situation? He’s always cold and slow to react. How is he supposed to put on an act with you?” 
Wynter could hear the jealousy in Sebastian’s voice and consoled him. “He’s not as good as you. After all, you’re known as the smiling fox in the Hawford Legal Elites. You’re even able to ruin a company on one of your good days.” 
“I’m just alright. Okay, that’s enough. Tell me about your friend’s situation. 
“If it’s inconvenient for you to tell me over the phone, you can send me the 
information first. I want to talk to her myself, so I’ll read through the information on 
my way over.” 
Wynter approved of his decision to meet Judith himself and sent him their location before ending the call. 
Judith’s gaze never left Wynter as she listened in to her call. She had been living in 
the dark for too long. She couldn’t help but feel inferior and envious when she remembered Wynter’s age. 
Wynter highlighted a few points in Judith’s situation and asked, “Other than these 
points, is there anything you would like to add?” 
Judith held the cup of coffee in her hands and said, “No. I wasn’t wary of him back 
then as we’ve been living together.” 
Wynter smiled. “I get it. You were married to him after all. Don’t worry, Judith.” 
Judith combed her fingers through her hair. “I have always hated college students. 
But now, I only feel nervous when I see you. 
“I understand that I was wrong for behaving that way, but I couldn’t help myself. I 
know I shouldn’t generalize, but 1-” She wanted to explain herself. 
Wynter put down her pen and said, “I get it. Her age is close to mine.” 
“That’s right. She’s not the only one too. She also brought along her best friend when she came to meet me.” Judith’s tone was filled with bitterness as she spoke. 
She continued, “I was quite useless back then. After they all stared at me like that, I 
Chapter 1071 Rationality 
only tried to cover up the truth. But they all made me feel as if all college students were willing to be mistresses.” 
Wynter took a sip of her drink. “It’s their own choice. I know a number of them like to meet their lover by the street behind this building, right?” 
“How do you know?” Judith’s eyes widened in shock. That was not something Wynter was supposed to know. 
Wynter smiled prettily. “Judith, did you forget that I’m in the same age group with 
them?” 
###chapter1072
Chapter 1072 The Twilight King 
Wynter had seen a few things during her time in Southdale. As The Twilight King, Wynter had been to many nightclubs to obtain information. 
Whenever she left those nightclubs, she would always see a bunch of drunk 
students. Most of them were barely conscious. 
On the other hand, some students had been brought to the clubs to accompany certain figureheads of society, especially those studying performing arts. Some were there as an escort while trying to find a wealthy lover. 
She had seen a lot of things in those dark and colorful clubs. One would be able to see all types of cars parked by the female dorms at night. 
People always claimed that society was becoming too realistic. That was indeed the case. After seeing so many instances, Wynter understood that certain people just had different thought processes. 
No matter how much education one received, a person could only be restrained by their conscience- provided they had one. 
Judith frowned as she said, “I just don’t understand. She doesn’t need the money, and her parents are lawyers. She has a bright future ahead of them, so why would she choose to become someone’s mistress?” 
Wynter enlarged the page on her phone. “Her parents are lawyers? It seems she did take some precautions as none of the pictures have her face on them.” 
“She is clever.” Judith did not deny that fact. 
Wynter looked up when she heard Judith’s words and asked, “Do you not resent her?” 
Judith gave a faint smile. “I resent her in my heart. Am I supposed to make a scene and throw a tantrum to make this whole scenario real? I do hate her, but I hate my husband more. They’re both the same. 
“It’s not worth it for me to break down screaming and crying for them the fact that saddens me the most is that the person I used to love has become 
ain. I think someone unrecognizable. 
“I also don’t understand why a young carefree woman like her would feel proud to be a mistress. I guess I’m just too old now. I can no longer keep up or understand why people act the way they do.” 
Wynter ordered another cup of hot coffee and handed it to her. 
“One’s morals and values do not have much to do with their age. Some people just enjoy being someone’s mistress to prove their charm, while others are just willing to do anything to marry into a rich family. 
“We don’t need to understand their contorted values. Just because it is a norm doesn’t make it right,” Wynter said as she opened her laptop. 
Wolf wasn’t with her, so she had to do those internet–related things herself. 
As for the Savior, she didn’t know what he was thinking as he seemed to be in a daze when they went to the Martinez residence just now. 
? 
Wynter typed quickly on the keyboard. She wanted to look through the social media platforms the two lovers often used to find some evidence that Jaxon was cheating. 
But if the girl’s parents were lawyers, there probably wouldn’t be any direct evidence 
left on the internet. 
Jaxon was smart. It was clear from his social media accounts that he was trying to 
create the image of a loving husband. 
They didn’t even use their own numbers to contact each other, and they probably 
had burners. But if that was the case, they probably also had another hidden account 
on Instagram. 
Wynter had studied behavior analysis and had a knack for analyzing and predicting a criminal’s behavior. It had always been easy for her to create a human’s personality 
chart. 
From the messages she’d read and the fact that the mistress had brought her friends along with her, it was clear that the woman was a proud woman who loved to flaunt. 
It was impossible for someone who loved to flaunt not to post anything about her lover on social media. 
Chapter 1072 The Twilight King 
It was just like those people who were in a relationship with a celebrity. They could never help themselves and would often post about their relationship on social media for people to see. 
Wynther thought quickly and found their hidden accounts in no time. She clicked on their page and froze. 
###chapter1073
Chapter 1073 Disturbing the People’st wes 
Chapter 1073 Disturbing the People’s Lives 
Wynter raised an eyebrow as her eyes flashed with recognition. “It’s her?” 
“Do you know her?” Judith asked. 
Wynter’s gaze fell on the traditional Foplyanese outfit and said softly, “I saw her on 
social media before.” 
Judith put down the glass of coffee and said, “Did you see her doing one of the latest 
Tik Tok trends? I was also shocked and thought I was thinking too much. I only 
confirmed it was her after she came to meet me.‘ 
Wynter’s gaze darkened. “Some people will never learn until they are taught a proper 
lesson.” 
Judith admitted, “You’re right. I had been overthinking things before, so I wasn’t confident enough.” 
“Judith, I wasn’t talking about you. I was talking about myself,” Wynter said as she 
lowered her gaze and typed quickly on the keyboard. 
She never expected anyone to change after entering the formation. Selfish people 
would always remain selfish. 
However, a different matter had caught her attention. It seemed like the people 
selected from the formation may not have gone as she had envisioned. 
If, and only if, everyone in the formation corresponded to a soul filled with 
resentment on earth, then the situation would be even worse than she had imagined. 
Wynter pressed the enter key. Her eyes darkened before she turned her laptop around. “I found Phoebe’s spam account on Instagram. Her handle is 
PheebsLovesMilkshakes.” 
“Spam account?” Judith looked at the screen and saw the posts. 
There was a photo of them hugging and another photo of a car, and it was evident that Jaxon had bought that car for her. There was also a photo of a big rose bouquet. 
Furthermore, there were multiple screenshots of different bank transactions dating 
back to more than six months ago. The smaller transactions were 5,200 dollars 
whereas the larger ones were around 52,000 dollars. 
Wynter looked at those photos and said, “Those are some large amounts. Since you 
two are still married and considering that he had sent so much money to his 
mistress, you have the right to ask for the money back in court.” 
“Is ‘MilkshakeLover‘ Jaxon’s spam account?” Judith asked as she pointed at an 
account. 
Wynter looked through Jaxon’s accounts and said faintly, “It is.” 
“So they’re even using matching handles.” Judith felt bitter. 
She knew the never–ending cycle of self–pity would never end if she kept this up. But 
she was human after all. Anyone would feel sad if they were in her shoes. 
They had been sharing a bed for so many years. But she suddenly found out that he 
had betrayed her and had a secret spam account that matched his lover’s handle. 
He did not even care that netizens could see his messages as he teased her in public 
with vulgar words. 
Judith looked down and smiled. “Back when I fell for him, he would always give me 
intellectual vibes. He was nice and polite. But now that I think about it, I was blind to 
have fallen for him.” 
Jaxon was no different from those stray dogs on the street. 
Judith’s first thought after thinking things through was that she needed a bath. She 
suddenly felt dirty. Wynter understood how she felt, having looked through other 
similar cases. 
“You did nothing wrong, and you weren’t blind either. Certain people are just good at 
putting on a facade. Certain people might have truly been in love, but they just 
changed later on. 
“You managed to stay loyal because you’re a good person. At the same time, you’re 
amazing for being able to let him go when necessary.” 
Wynter kept trying to build Judith’s confidence. “There are so many people passing through these windows. Everyone knows that it’s hard to opt for divorce, especially 
Chapter 1073 Disturbing the People’s Lives 
for an unemployed and pregnant woman. 
“No one would choose this route if they had another way. Many women do not possess the courage to go through with a divorce. But even so, I can understand 
them.” 
3/3 
Wynter turned to look at Judith and said, “Because some mothers cannot afford it. 
The process for a divorce is complicated, and not everyone can get a divorce just 
because they want to. 
“Even an amazing and wonderful woman like my mother has to wait for the cooling- 
off period before she can get a divorce.” 
###chapter1074
Chapter 1074 You Are Not Alone. 
Chapter 1074 You Are Not Alone 
Wynter looked at her phone and said, “Filing for divorce would be the quickest way. I’ve looked through your search history. 
“I know this isn’t your first time thinking about divorce. You looked it up a long time ago. However, the thought of having to go to court made you give up on that option. 
“You didn’t want Janessa to be at the center of public discussion as she would be forced to choose who she wanted to follow in court.” 
Wynter smiled sincerely. “Although she doesn’t understand you, I do. I think you’re very much like my mother. You’re both powerful women. 
“You two did not give up despite the circumstances and educated your children properly. Even though there was only a glimmer of hope, you still pushed through.” 
Wynter compiled all of the relevant documents before turning her laptop toward Judith again. “It’s up to you if you want to post this. 
“You can either keep this and use it to threaten them to give you more power within the Martinez residence, or you can give them a taste of the hell you’ve been through. The choice is in your hands.” 
Judith never thought Wynter would give her a choice. She thought Wynter would be like most people and think of her as weak and deserving for not choosing divorce. 
Judith smiled as she pressed the enter button, posting it all over the internet. 
Judith said, “I don’t want them to experience what I went through. I just want justice for myself. It’s not my fault that my husband cheated on me and betrayed his family. They’re the ones who should face the consequences of their own actions. 
“Housewives aren’t lazy women. Our jobs aren’t small compared to those who are working in the outside world. We have to calculate expenses, like baby powder and 
the children’s school fees. 
“We spend money on the family, but we never spend it on ourselves. Even so, men would still belittle us for our appearances and call us dull. They would much rather spend their money on other people. 
Chapter 1974 You Are Not Alone 
“Sometimes, even our own children look down on us for devoting our whole lives to 
our family. I’m not trying to say that being a housewife is a horrible job. It’s just that when you meet the wrong person, everything will feel wrong. 
“After the divorce, I’ll go and look for a job, even if I can only find an ordinary job. I just 
wish women in my situation would have the courage when they hear my voice and 
see me standing up for myself. 
“Even if they don’t dare to file for divorce, I hope that they would know that they’re 
not alone.” 
Wynter’s eyes were filled with shock when she heard Judith’s last sentence. She was 
filled with surprise and admiration. 
She propped her cheek with one hand, and she couldn’t help but smile beautifully as 
the tear mole by the corner of her eyes stood out. 
She had not seen the bigger picture. Women like Judith and her mother had never 
placed their focus on vengeance. They just wanted to tell the people in the same 
circumstances as them to always keep pushing through. 
The second Judith had made her decision, Wynter could feel the Soul Commanding Badge she took from the formation heat up. It was as if it had been ignited by something as it flared up with heat against her back. 
Whitley seemed to have sensed it too as he suddenly turned to look at her. 
Sensing it, Wynter touched her back with a smirk. It seemed like that badge was special if even the Savior could sense its change. 
Judith’s faith was too pure and strong. Wynter looked at Judith. She valued faith 
more so than others as it had come from a human. 
At the same time, Phoebe had just ordered some high tea from her five–star hotel room. She snuggled up in Jaxon’s arms and said, “You promised me you would 
confront her today.” 
“Don’t worry. The copyright for that novel is basically mine now. My mom also has a way for her to back down-” 
Before Jaxon could finish his sen 
e, his phone suddenly rang! 
###chapter1075
Chapter 1075 Scumbag 
It was his mother calling Jason was confused as to why Georgia was calling him 
The second he answered, Georgia’s furious voice sounded. “Your wife is trying to bite the band that feeds her. She wants a divorce! 
“How could she be willing to divorce me? Did she mention it to you herself?” Jaxon wasn’t stupid. He could not see Judith asking for a divorce. 
Georgia placed her hand on her hip and said, “She’s been busy. She somehow managed to get the support of the Quinnells! Not only does she want to divorce you, she’s also claiming that she wrote that novel herself.” 
Since no one was home, Georgia showed her true colors as she added, “What a joke! Everyone knows that you wrote it. That bitch just needs to be taught a lesson! You 
should call her! 
“And don’t ask me to make it up to her for the sake of your pride anymore. I want to see her serve me like a maid before I’m ready to forgive her. Jaxon, you don’t know this, but she’s very arrogant now that she has Ms. Quinnell’s support.” 
He listened to Georgia’s long rant, but he only focused on one thing. “Ms. Quinnell? The daughter of the Quinnell family?” 
Georgia was still pissed as she said, “Yes. Judith just left with her after disrespecting me. Why don’t you just divorce her? 
“I think your relationship with Phoebe has been progressing smoothly. You can drop that bitch and let Phoebe give you a chubby son. There’s no need to make things so 
tough for yourself.” 
Jaxon gave it some thought and replied, “Mom, I don’t think things are as simple as 
they seem. 
Georgia was used to having everyone listen to her. Her tone was icy as she said, What could possibly be wrong? No matter how rich the Quinnell family is, that girl is 
just an inexperienced brat. 
“There’s no need for you to worry about your wife either as she’s never been one to 
keep any tricks up her sleeves. I’m still able to handle those two women, and they’ve already left in a huff. 
“Now, everyone is talking about how ungrateful that bitch is. Don’t worry about it as i still have a backup plan.” 
Jaxon shook his head. “No. Something isn’t right. Let me call Judith first.” 
Phoebe had been sitting beside him and feeding him some snacks. 
Upon hearing his words, she pursed her lips and said, “Why would you want to call her? Your mom has already said that Judith wants a divorce. Why don’t you just divorce her? Don’t tell me you’re unwilling to give her up?” 
With that said Phoebe scoffed as she got up to leave while picking up her bag. 
Jaxon hurriedly ended the call and stopped her. He said anxiously, “Why would I still 
want that ugly woman? 
“It’s not like you don’t understand how much I hate looking at her, especially after her 
pregnancy. She’s become so fat that I can’t help but want to vomit when I see her.” 
Phoebe began to cry and said, “Then why don’t you just divorce her?” 
“It’s not that I don’t want to divorce her. I just find it weird that she would bring up 
divorce all of a sudden. 
“I also don’t understand why the daughter of the Quinnell family is suddenly involved. 
in this mess. She also mentioned something about the copyright for that novel-” 
Phoebe felt slightly guilty when she heard Jaxon’s words. She looked around and 
said, “What’s weird about that? She must have been triggered by something.” 
Then, she took out Jaxon’s other phone and placed it in his hands. “Alright. I’ll admit 
it. I sent her something. I just couldn’t stand it anymore. 
“We’re the ones who are truly in love, so why do we need to keep our love a secret?! 
feel like one of your dirty secrets who can never see the light of day. 
“I don’t want to keep living like this either. I know you have a soft heart, so I just 
spilled the beans to her myself!” 
Jaxon looked at the messages on the phone as his eyes widened in shock. “Why did 
Chapter 1075 Scumbag 
you do that? Didn’t we agree that I’ll be the one to break it to her?” 
###chapter1076
Chapter 1076 Dalton Is Here 
“You would say it? You said you would tell her about us last month, but did you? 
“I’m an influencer with around two million followers. How am I supposed to keep my job if people find out how messy my personal life is?” 
Phoebe scrolled through her phone as her eyes turned red with each word. Then, she added, “My parents have been nagging repeatedly. Your family background is good, and I’m also an art student. 
“If you don’t want to stay in Kingbourne, we can always return to my hometown. So how am I supposed to explain things to my parents when you keep refusing to get a divorce?” 
Jaxon hugged her and explained, “I know you feel wronged. Why don’t we go out and get you a new handbag? It’s not that I still have feelings for her, but I feel like there’s 
something off about the situation. 
“I’m not worried about Judith. I’m more worried about the Quinnells as I don’t want to 
become enemies with them.” 
Upon hearing his explanation, Phoebe wiped away the few teardrops on her face and 
said, “I don’t think the Quinnell family will care about such things. 
“After all, they’re not related, nor do they have any direct involvement with us. But I guess it’s right for you to worry about it. Why don’t you give her a call?” 
“That’s what I planned to do. Also, I must have the copyright to that book. I need to 
stop all her thoughts of trying to take that away from me,” Jaxon said with a cold 
expression. 
Although Phoebe rarely read, she knew the book Jaxon was referring to was very 
popular. The book might not have many fans within the country, but it had gone viral 
abroad. The money the book had racked up had been astounding. 
Phoebe had always assumed that Jaxon was the author of that book. But from the 
sounds of it, that did not seem to be the case. 
However, he had to be the author in the future! She wanted to be the wife of a 
Chapter 1076 Dalton is Here 
223 
renowned author! With that thought in mind, Phoebe calmed down and pulled Jaxon to sit beside her. 
“You should talk to her. Remember not to say too much, just in case she’s recording the call. I’ll ask my parents later about how to help you get a divorce with minimum loss.” 
Frankly, Phoebe planned to help Jaxon take away all of his joint assets with Juddith. She wanted everything, even if some of the assets once belonged to Judith. 
Jaxon nodded. He looked at his phone and called Judith. 
Ten minutes before his call, two more figures had appeared in the cafe where Wynter and Judith were. Wynter had invited one of them. He was Sebastian, one of Hawford Legal Elite’s top attorneys. 
Additionally, Dalton was there too. His cold and elegant demeanor, along with his scarlet rosary bracelet and suit, made him stand out in the cafe. 
His presence was overwhelming as he sat there. He felt like the epitome of nobility and elegance. Some of the customers couldn’t help but start taking photos of him. 
Sebastian couldn’t stand it anymore and asked, “Has the Yarwood family business not been doing well recently? Or have you faced a problem in expanding the company abroad? 
“Why do you keep finding Wynter? Also, aren’t you supposed to be abroad handling some business right now?” 
“I just came back.” It was clear he had just returned. He didn’t even return home, so he didn’t have many bodyguards with him. 
Even so, Dalton had cleared out half of the cafe. Where he had been was a mystery as his hair was still wet. 
His wet hair only made him look much more alluring as he asked, “Sebastian, what would you like to drink? Coffee? Tea?” 
Sebastian looked at Dalton’s other hand and smiled. He politely, yet sarcastically, said, “I don’t think there’s a need for you two to be holding hands while ordering a 
Chapter 1076 Dalton is Here 
drink. Don’t you think so, Wynter?” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow as she looked at him and said, “It doesn’t matter. His 
hands are cold anyway.” 
What? What did she say? Dalton was a man! Who cared if his hands were cold? Did his sister know things never end well for lovesick fools? 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Ou
###chapter1077
Chapter 1077 A Divorce Is Not Recommended 
Why didn’t she say that he had cold feet instead? 
Sebastian’s looks had always been on the scary side. He did not say a word as he pushed up his gold–rimmed glasses, making him look like a gentle, yet sinister man. Though he had kept silent, he seemed to have expressed everything that he wanted 
to. 
Although he had learned from Tobias that Wynter did indeed like Dalton, as her brother, Sebastian felt a mirage of complex emotions. 
Dalton chuckled and coughed lightly. “My body is slightly weaker now. Don’t mind me, Sebastian.” 
“Stop with this act! Did you forget that I was there when you destroyed multiple companies? You did not look weak back then!” Sebastian thought. 
He took a deep breath and remembered why he was at the cafe. 
He turned to look at Judith and said, “Normally, I would not recommend you to file for a divorce under such circumstances. If it’s possible, I think it’ll be best for both sides to come together to have a chat and settle it without going to court.” 
Then, Sebastian added, “It’ll be much better for you. The judge might consider your pregnancy, or they’ll ask you two to undergo a cooling–off period. Anything is possible. 
“Based on the evidence we have, your husband did not do anything horribly wrong. throughout your marriage. It’ll be hard for you to win in court.” 
Sebastian was giving her a rational analysis of her situation. 
Judith also understood what Sebastian meant. She had done her own research and recognized the professionalism within Sebastian’s words. It was just the pitiful truth. 
If the court heard the words “cheating,” probably everyone would just advise the couple to calm down and take some time off to think about it. 
The same went for domestic abuse. If the injury wasn’t too bad, the court might not 
even consider it abuse, and the victim would still be required to undergo a series of tests to determine the seriousness of their injury. 
Judith knew that the chances of her winning were slim. But what if a miracle happened? 
“I want to give it a try.” 
Sebastian turned to Wynter after hearing Judith’s answer. Wynter nodded, signaling that she would support Judith’s decision. 
Sebastian was quiet for a few moments before he said, “Based on my experience, you will be able to gain more if you choose to settle this privately without going to 
court. 
“I’m not trying to shame you or anything. It’s just that with everything that has happened, I just want to help you maximize the gains that you deserve.” 
Judith smiled gently. “I know. I’m already very grateful that all of you are willing to 
help me. I know you’re an excellent attorney and that I should listen to your 
reasoning. But I just want to try and fight for justice.” 
Upon hearing this, Sebastian looked at Judith solemnly. 
“I get it. Then, we shall take the divorce to court. To avoid anything from going 
wrong, I need to confirm a few things with you. May I know the date and place when 
you wrote-” 
Generally speaking, it was always better for attorneys to have the details down to the 

Wynter did not disturb Sebastian. The post she just posted on social media also 
needed time to garner a reaction. 
Before the court hearing, she would also need to prepare some documents to avoid Jaxon from retaliating. Not to mention, Haddon was still oblivious to what his son 
had done. 
Wynter did not want to be cruel to an old man who really loved cultural relics. She had met Haddon before. He spent a lot of time and effort to recover those cultural 
relics. 
Chapter 107? A Divers Nal Hemingfed 
She didn’t want the situation to disturb and affect Haddon. So, she planned to 
investigate things properly. 
“Judith, does Mr. Martinez Senior know about everything that has been happening 
lately?” 
Judith shook her head. “Haddon and Georgia haven’t exactly been living together. 
He’s mostly abroad throughout the year and would only return home during the 
festive season. 
“Georgia doesn’t usually act like that when Haddon is home. But Haddon prefers his cultural relics in comparison to his family. They don’t fight either. It’s just that they 
both have different hobbies.” 
###chapter1078
Chapter 1078 Dealing with the Scumbag 
“Now that you’ve mentioned it, I’ve only seen him a few times. He did come home recently, but he only stayed at home for around three to four days before going back 
to his dorms. 
“He hates it when people disturb him while he’s studying history. The library by the 
university is his favorite place to stay. He’s also never made a habit of not taking care 
of the household matters.” 
“Does he not care at all, or does he just choose to close a blind eye to things?” 
Dalton had always been sharp to realize the problem at hand. His voice was soft and did not make anyone feel any sense of discomfort. Wynter had also wanted to ask 
that question. 
Judith had never been one to complain about her situation, so she said, “Haddon 
does not care about our household matters. 
“He doesn’t interfere with my relationship with Jaxon, and he also rarely cares about 
maintaining a relationship with his relatives. Georgia is the one who puts in the effort 
to maintain his relationships. 
“Haddon does not like interacting with others. Although the times he’s home are 
scarce, he always reminds Jaxon to come home more often to accompany me.” 
Wynter looked up and asked, “Did you tell Mr. Martinez Senior that Jaxon has been 
cheating on you?” 
Judith smiled bitterly. “No. I haven’t gotten the chance to do so.” 
Wynter looked at her phone screen as she contemplated what she should do next. 
Suddenly, Judith’s phone rang. She looked at the caller ID and frowned. 
“It’s Jaxon.” 
“Record the call and listen to what he has to say. Don’t tell him anything about your 
situation now.” Wynter reacted quickly. 
Judith nodded before answering the call and putting it on speaker mode. 
Chapter 1076 Denling with the numbing 
Jaxon seemed to be anxious as he quickly said, “Honey, you’re finally willing to 
answer my calls! 
“I was busy at work just now and had been planning to go to XRoasts Restaurant to buy you your favorite nuggets, but my mom just called and told me that you want a divorce. Honey, what happened?” 
Jaxon’s voice seemed to be filled with sincerity, while Phoebe, who was sitting next to him, was looking like she had just swallowed a lemon. 
Jaxon patted her arm, trying to calm her down as it was all just an act to trick Judith, 
It wasn’t the first time Phoebe had listened to him say such words, so she had gotten used to it after some time. 
After all, his identity was slightly complex. His grandfather was strict and stern, and he had to maintain the image of a loving husband, 
Back when they used to be in the hotel, he would use all of the excuses he could to trick Judith. She was also an idiot to believe everything he had said. 
No matter what, Phoebe would become Jaxon’s wife in the future. Hence, she was willing to endure it one last time! 
Jaxon noticed Judith had not answered him, so he continued to speak. “Did you receive any weird messages? There has indeed been a new intern in the company who seems to have taken a fancy to me. 
“She was the one who had taken those photos of me without my knowledge. I didn’t know anything about it. I know the angle of the photo seems slightly ambiguous, but she was just helping me adjust my clothes. 
“Once I found out about it, I scolded her and informed HR to look for another intern. All of these new interns are like a thorn in my side! It’s infuriating!” Jaxon’s tone sounded righteous as he spoke. 
Judith had been quiet throughout his whole speech because she was disgusted by his words. Even after everything that had happened, he was still trying to make himself look like the nice guy! 
She really was blind to have fallen for such a fraud. He was disgusting! 
Chapter 1078 Dealing with the Scumbag 
Judith took a deep breath, but before she could speak, Wynter covered the 
microphone compartment on her phone and lowered her voice. “Try to direct the conversation to the novel.” 
Judith was smart. She immediately understood what Wynter wanted. 
###chapter1079
Chapter 1079 Sweet Talk 
Chapter 1079 Sweet Talk 
Even if Jaxon were to deny her claims that he was cheating, he would not be able to clear his name. 
Although the photos Phoebe had sent her were blurry, the photos Phoebe had posted online were as clear as day. Jaxon probably never imagined that Judith would have found his spam account. 
In truth, women weren’t stupid when it came to things like cheating. Most of the time, they would have the same intuition as Sherlock Holmes regarding situations like these. Not to mention, it wasn’t hard to find those things with Wynter’s help. 
Judith turned to Wynter and nodded. She held onto something before she said, “Did you call me just to talk about this? Do you even believe your own words?” 
She did not mention the book outright as she wanted to take a step–by–step approach. That way, Jaxon would not be overly defensive. 
Jaxon still believed he could resolve the matter by coaxing her. His eyes lit up as he said, “If any word I said was a lie, then I’ll be struck down by lightning! 
“Honey, I know you’ve spent a long time at home. I know that you’re worried you’ll be left behind by society considering that you don’t have a job. 
“I understand that all of these factors may cause you to overthink, but, honey, you should understand me. Everyone else can misunderstand me, but you should understand that I won’t let you down as I still love you. 
“As for my mother, you should just let her be. She’s old and wasn’t born in our generation. I’ll go home and talk to her.” 
Jaxon sure was good at sweet talking. He continued, “Also, you’re pregnant now. I’m worried since you’re out there on your own. Why don’t you tell me where you are 
now? I’ll go and meet you now, alright? 
“Mom told me that Ms. Quinnell took you away. I know the Quinnells. I’ll treat Ms. Quinnell to a good meal after this.” 
If Judith had heard him say such words some time book 
ROSTME 
Chapter 1029 Sweet Talk 
was being considerate of her. 
But now that she had taken a step back to see the bigger picture, she realized he 
would not have thrown her under the bus and asked her to tolerate Georgia’s 
behavior if he really was being considerate of her. 
People would often claim that most women had a bad relationship with their mother- 
in–laws. Many claimed that their mothers–in–law were often rude and evil, while some 
claimed that their daughters–in–law had often made things harder for them. 
But generally speaking, such things happened because their husbands and sons 
would often sit back and not do anything about it. 
Judith’s gaze was filled with determination as she said, “We can talk about treating 
Ms. Quinnell to a meal some other day. I want to ask you something. 
“Why does your mom not know that I was the one who wrote that book? Why does 
she think that you’re the one who wrote it? Did you never tell her the truth? 
“Did you not tell her that you had only helped me to write it because the doctors said that I could not sit up for a long period during my pregnancy?” 
“What?” Jaxon was a cunning man. He immediately changed the subject and said, ” Honey, why don’t we meet and talk in person? I’m really worried about you right now.” 
Judith changed the subject again and burst out into tears. “I’ve been doing terribly. I just don’t understand how things have turned into what they are now. Do you really want to come and meet me?” 
Jaxon’s eyes immediately brightened when he heard her words. “Of course! I’ll go and meet you!” 
Phoebe was annoyed as she listened into their conversation and stamped her feet angrily. 
Jaxon gestured for her to keep quiet and said, “Why don’t you send me your location? Honey, we should just communicate whenever we have any 
misunderstandings. There’s no need to let other people know about it. Am I right?” 
Judith ignored him and continued to cry. Jaxon relaxed significantly as he listened to her sob. 
Chapter 1079 Sweet Talk 
3/1 
Unbeknownst to him, Judith’s eyes had brightened as she said, “Why don’t you come 
now? I’m in a cafe near our house.” 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
Claim 
C 
###chapter1080
Chapter 1080 Dalton Felt His Heart Break for Her 
ssh 
Judiths next words were crucial as she said, “Then, you can go and explain to your mom that you had only helped me type out the novel ister 
No problem Jaxon agreed without hesitation. He had not realized the trap within Judith’s words as he still believed that Judith was a clueless housewife. 
‘ni go over now. Honey, don’t worry, I’ll definitely help you explain things to my mom But let’s not tell outsiders about our situation anymore. You know the Quinnells have always been ruthless.” 
“Alright. It’s great that you can finally admit that you only helped me type out the book and that i was the real writer of that book” 
With that said Judith ended the call without giving Jaxon a chance to realize what had just happened 
On the other end, Jaxon paused before his eyes widened in shock. Then, he slammed his phone onto the ground. 
“Motherfucker! How dare that dumb bitch try to trick me?” 
He grabbed his hair as he began to look maniac! Not only did Jaxon not expect Judith to do such a thing, but even Wynter was amazed as she gave Judith a thumbs up 
After ending the call, Judith seemed slightly breathless from all the anxiousness. 
She drank her coffee and said, “He has deceived me countless times. It’s about time ! learn from it and give him a taste of his own medicine.” 
“You were amazing. You did exactly what you should have!” 
Judith blushed slightly from the praise. “Does this increase our chances to win in COUNT? 
“The recording was a good move. However, the likelihood for you to get full claim over the novel is still unclear” 
Sebastian did not want to discourage her, but he had to remind her that the odds 
went is her favor. After all, it had always been hand for a housewife to come out on 
too in couT 
Judith gripped her sleeves fighty and asked, “Are there any other things that I can 
Gebastian shook his head. He couldn’t think of anything yet 
Suddenly, Dalton collected his gaze from Whitley and looked through the documents with high focus. Then, he said, The read that novel before. It was published a long 
Judith nodded, “I wrote it back when I was pregnant with my firstborn. I submitted it 
Dalton had always been able to look at problemis from different angles. “Before you submit it, did you ever publish it on social media?” 
Judith frowned. That wasn’t allowed. I had to ensure my novel did not-” But then, she paused momentary before saying ‘1 posted it on Facebook once 
Suddenly, she stood up and said, “1 posted the first version and the beginning of the story on Facebook Back then, I was still able to type myself, so I didn’t need his help.” 
As long as you have published it online before, the copyright for that novel should be yours despite the date it was published. 
“We have enough proof that you wrote it, even if you did not sign a contract! Sebastian sounded excited as he turned to look at Dalton with approval. 
Dalton accepted his approval and remained quiet. After all, Wynter’s brothers all seemed to have a bone to pick with him. He was more focused on something else. 
Logically speaking, a normal divorce case should not contain any resentment energy. However, he had returned to see Wynter shrouded in such energy. 
it seemed like placing Whitley by her side did not do much either. She had forgotten how to use the Savior to destroy the resentful energy. 
She kept making things hard for herself. She was going against the heavens by absorbing the people’s resentful energy. 
Chapter 1080 Dalton Felt His Heart Break for Her 
Scenes began to flash through his mind as he remembered the amount of resentment she had absorbed. Did she not know how to put herself first? 
Dalton’s gaze darkened as his hands clenched tightly into fists. What should he do 
with her… 
###chapter1081
Chapter 1081 Habits and Fries 
Wynter noticed Daltor’s gaze as she turned to him with a raised eyebon. Then, de pushed the plate of fries she was eating toward him. 
Eat this. It’s crispy, but you can’t take too much, Wynter advised solemnly tes 
doctor 
Dalton looked at the plate of fries and wanted to laugh. That wasn’t what he ment 
No matter how much time had passed, it seemed like certain habits of hers could not be changed. But it was alright as long as she no longer kept those bad habits from the pest 
Dalton lowered his gaze as he slowly took a fry. The advantage of having a handsome face was that he managed to maintain his air of elegance while eating the 
Wynter admited his beauty momentarily before typing away quickly on the keyboard She had started looking for Judith’s Facebook page the second Sebastian started 
However, too much time had passed and Judith had forgotten her password. Judith tried multiple times to log into her account but failed 
Wynter did not say a word as she plugged her USB and started cracking the password 
Sebastian watched as Wynter’s screen was filled with numbers. His eyes flashed with confusion before he turned to look at Dalton. 
Dalton was also looking at Wynter with raised eyebrows. It was almost as if this was his first time finding out that Wynter possessed such skills. 
He only understood the basics regarding hacking, but he knew that Wynter’s ability to crack the password within a minute was a rare talent. 
After all, she was hacking into Facebook, and Facebook was known for its strong firewall. So how did Wynter manage to crack the password so easily 
Chapter 1081 Habits and Fries 
2/3 
That was indeed worth pondering over. It seemed there were still many things that 
he did not know about her. 
On the other hand, Sebastian had fought a similar case before as such cases happened frequently nowadays. 
After all, most of the people working in the IT departments of big companies were often talented. The last time he had seen such a case was around five years back. 
It was a case in Halsbury. No one had gone to that ATM to withdraw money, but the ATM kept spewing out cash in broad daylight. 
Everyone passing by had stopped to look at it. They only found out later on that someone had hacked into the bank’s system. 
Turned out that the bank had refused that person from withdrawing his money. They claimed he was not one of their VIP customers and requested that he line up to 
withdraw money. 
The person had queued for the entire afternoon, but he did not manage to withdraw his money. Not to mention, people had even pushed in front of him. In a fit of anger, he proceeded to hack the bank’s entire network system. 
Sebastian had been shocked when he received the case. He wasn’t just amazed by his client’s skills, but he was amazed because his client was only six years old. 
He was too young. What sentence could the judge possibly give the child? 
Normally, the government would choose to take such talent into their ranks due to the circumstances and the nature of the crime. After all, talented people were often highly sought after. 
Wynter’s talent was amazing. If people found out about her skills, they would 
probably also come to poach her to work for them. However, Wynter did not think much about her abilities. 
After cleaning up her traces, she turned the laptop toward Judith and said, “The evidence we have is quite complete. But after giving it some thought, I believe the impact would be greater if you write about the truth yourself.” 
Wynter looked at Judith with a dark gaze. Her tear mole at the corner of her eyes was 
Chapter 1081 Habits and Fries 
exceptionally eye–catching at that moment. 
“Certain talents cannot be buried with time. Since you’ve decided to abandon your past and start anew, why don’t you start writing again? 
“But this time, you won’t just be writing a story. You’ll be telling the people about yourself.” 
Judith’s eyes widened in shock when she heard Wynter’s words. When she turned to look at Wynter, she could feel a spot within her heart softening. 
Judith understood that Wynter wasn’t just trying to help her get out of her mess, she was also trying to rebuild her independence. 
###chapter1082
Chapter 1082 I’ll Write 
“That was your dream when you were young, wasn’t it?” 
Wynter pointed at her very first Facebook post and read, “In the future, I want to write a book that will be remembered by the people. The name of the book doesn’t matter. 
“I just want my book to reach readers abroad and teach them about our Cascadian culture. I want them to understand how wonderful we Cascadians are, and I hope they will stop looking at us with biases. 
“I hope that the characters in my book will be vivid and come to life, giving my readers strength and energy.” 
Wynter smirked. “You’re very cool, just like my brother, Tobias.” 
It had been a long time since Judith had heard such words. Ever since she started her family, she had spent most of her time thinking about how she should balance out her relationship with her husband. 
She would often think about what to do to lead a happy life and how she should respect the elders in the family. 
On the first day of her marriage with Jaxon, Georgia had warned her by claiming that their family was better off living and working in the system. 
Georgia had also told her to not do anything that would put her in the spotlight. She had insisted that she still needed a career and had forced her to take the teacher qualification exams. 
Back then, Jaxon wasn’t like how he was now and would often help her. Georgia would also often use their spare keys to open their bedroom door without permission. 
That was a dark period in her life as she would always have to fight for herself and would often be left feeling sad. After that, she began to have hope in life after having a daughter. 
But life wasn’t kind to her as she would always have to ask Jaxon for money. She needed money for diapers, milk powder, and groceries. It was as if she was spending 
money left and right. 
There was one month when Jaxon had cut off her allowance. She had to take up a part–time job doing customer service for her previous company and had barely made ends meet. 
She should have come to her senses back then. But the little courage she had back then had disappeared with the troubles she faced in life. 
She had to make breakfast and send her child to school. Then, she would have to pick up her child when school was over and remember what meetings the schools were holding the next week. 
She could not forget that her child was required to wear her uniform on Monday as there would be a school assembly. She needed to remember all of the homework the teachers had given her child. 
Whenever her daughter’s results slipped, she would need to ask the teachers for ways to help her daughter improve. 
She was also required to maintain a good relationship with the parents of her daughter’s classmates. Those were her tasks, and there were many more. 
Soon, those tasks began to take over her life. As the days passed, she slowly forgot 
what it meant for her to be herself. 
Judith touched the screen as she felt tears pool in her eyes. She did not cry, but her voice trembled as she said, “Alright. I’ll write. I’ll write about the truth.” 
Wynter had been waiting for that sentence. She didn’t want to just destroy the Spectral Veil. She decided to leave Georgia alone for now, but her main target was to ruin that scumbag and his lover. 
Judith barely gave it much thought as she immediately began to type on the keyboard. 
“The day before was my 41st birthday. I suddenly remembered how I was an intern when I first got together with my husband. Both of us didn’t have much money back 
then. 
“He came from a wealthy family, but I had a plain family background. He told me he didn’t want to rely on his family, and I agreed. Rent was expensive in Kingbourne. 
Chapter 1082 Fy Write 
“So, we gathered the money we got from our scholarships and rented a small 400 square feet house that was nearer to our workplace. 
“On the day we moved in, I ordered the cheapest grilled chicken I could find from a restaurant nearby. We made a simple salad at home and drizzled some ranch over 
our chicken. 
“The smoky flavor of the chicken and the sweetness of the salad dressing mixed well together. I remember smiling at him and telling him that we finally had a home. 
“When I was 27 years old, he proposed to me with a ring and we bought a house. Our hose wasn’t big, but it was filled with warmth. He hugged me and twirled me around 
in circles. 
“He bought me a birthday cake and my favorite grilled chicken with a side of fries. Back then, I felt like I was the happiest woman in the world.” 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter1083
Chapter 1083 The Internet Was in Uproar 
“I turned 41 this year. I cooked a variety of dishes on my birthday this year, but I had hoped he would still buy me that pack of grilled chicken. Even if he didn’t buy it for me, I was happy with just my daughter’s companionship. 
“I waited the whole day from noon until the evening. Then, I waited until it was midnight. I reheated the food I cooked repeatedly and sat by the table watching TV for the whole day. 
“I can’t remember what was happening on the show, but I remember finding it funny and laughing along with it. 
“I was still craving my grilled chicken, but I was worried my mother–in–law would be upset if she found the takeaway box. However, I remembered it was my birthday, so I went ahead and ordered it along with some sides. 
“I felt like the table was missing something and thought about calling the restaurant to ask if they could buy me a cake along the way. The cake didn’t need to be anything expensive, it could be something simple from the convenience store. 
“But I was afraid that those young people would find me annoying and burdensome. I didn’t want to be someone hateful, especially on my birthday.” 
The second the first half of her post came out, it immediately went viral. Wynter had said that the matter needed time to simmer. Well, it had simmered well enough and had broken out at that moment. 
The post could be seen all over different social media platforms, and almost 
everyone was discussing it in the comments. 
“What is she trying to say? Why is she being so emotional over a meal?” 
“Who do I feel like there’s something off with this post?” 
“Is the author of this post/crazy? Who cares about what she ate?” 
“I think you all shouldn’t be so quick to judge. I believe there’ll probably be part 2 for this post.” 
“A part 2? Where is it?” 
“My intuition as a woman is telling me that things are as simple as they seem. I’ll be waiting patiently for the second part!” 
All types of comments flooded the comment section, but Judith didn’t stop as she 
posted again. 
“Today, I finally understand why I was left home alone on my birthday. It was because my husband was cheating on me. 
“Not only that, he had brought my daughter along with his lover to the amusement 
park. I just received a message from his lover an hour ago, asking me when I’m 
willing to back out of their relationship.” 
The comments immediately flooded the new 
“Holy shit! What a turn of events!” 
post. 
“Wait a minute. How can the father and daughter accompany another woman in the 
amusement park on the mother’s birthday?” 
“It’s obvious this is just a story made for attention.” 
“Not necessarily. This post came from an account with her real name. Not to 
mention, there aren’t any ads throughout the post.” 
“Ma’am, how can you be so cowardly? If my husband did that to me, I’d give him a big slap to the face!” 
“Me too! I would have gone up to find the person who had dared to send me such a 
message!” 
“No wonder people say that middle–aged women are scary. This isn’t just the mistress ‘fault. Why are you all acting like crazy bitches and swinging fists with a care in the 
world?” 
“You’re right. If they have time, they might as well spend their time improving themselves. What’s the use of posting such a thing online?” 
“Don’t you think you should reflect on yourself as to why you failed to look after your man? Although the poster seems quite pitiful, I won’t comment as I don’t know the 
Was in Upropr 
whole story yet.” 
“Gosh! I’ve lived to see the day where someone is trying to put the blame on the person who had been cheated on!” 
The netizens began arguing in the comments section. 
Back then, Judith would have definitely cowered back after seeing such comments. But it seemed like the world has always been like this. 
The cheater would always have a way to avoid the blame. They would claim that they had finally found true love. 
The party that had been cheated on would become nothing but a joke. The netizens 
would only look at them with sympathy and pity, while some would just be enjoying 
the show. 
Judith knew what she was up against, and she did not stop typing. 
“My mother–in–law had also joined in with their outing to the amusement park. She had told me she was bringing my daughter out to relax. I was stupid enough to go. 
and confront them. 
“I couldn’t accept the fact that my daughter had betrayed me. At first, I believed she 
didn’t know who the other woman was.” 
Enjoy Ad–Free 
###chapter1084
Chapter 1084 Consequences 
Judith continued to type out another post. 
“But the truth was, it was all wishful thinking. I have not had a job for many years, making me inferior to everyone. On the outside, it’s as if I have to accept that fact as 
only people who can make a living for themselves have a right to speak out. 
“Everyone around me kept telling me that I had married the right man and that I 
needed to appreciate my life as it is now. But I don’t understand what’s so good 
about my life. 
“I had also told myself repeatedly and succumbed to my reality. I am indeed jobless, 
and I am indeed growing old. I have grown out of touch with society. 
“Most companies have tacitly agreed to not hire anyone above the age of 34. So, where can I go? What job can I do? Must I stay inferior to everyone else for the rest of my life? 
“Even the lowest salary for a stay–at–home nanny in the city is around 15 thousand a 
month. 
“However, as a housewife, we have to carry the burden of educating my family and maintaining all of the family’s social connections. We have to care about the things that are happening inside and outside the household. 
“But we can never say a word about our hardships. Who 
we do, people will think we are complaining. They’ll turn and question us on why we had chosen that path 
instead. 
“I had also asked myself why I decided to be a housewife. I questioned why I allowed myself to live with so much regret. But are we really wrong for choosing to be a 
housewife? 
“I don’t think I’m wrong for loving someone. It’s just that I gave my love to 
man. Now, it’s time for me to take it all back. 
the wrong 
“Some people might assume I’m just referring to my scumbag husband, but I’m not just talking about him. It’s time for me to be myself again. Everyone is growing old as 
time passes. 
“One’s looks and age do not give them the right to go against their morals. My husband’s lover thinks I’m useless, that scumbag thinks I’m stupid, my mother–in–law looks down on me, and my daughter finds me embarrassing. 
“During such cheating cases, I always see people blaming the victim for failing to keep her husband’s heart. People would accuse them of not improving themselves instead. Those words seemed to be used universally. 
“Jaxon Martinez, I’m sure you’ll also be reading this post. It’s time for you to explain who the real author of ‘Listen to the Sound‘ is and how you stole the copyright from 
me. 
“Also, I am planning to divorce you. Stop calling me and trying to fool me. Your claimed you wanted to bring me out to buy nuggets, but you’re the one who likes eating nuggets, not me! 
“What you should do instead is to take yourself and your lover out of my life. You stole the copyright of ‘Listen to the Sound‘ from me, but I’ll get it back!” 
At the mention of the book, “Listen to the Sound“, the whole internet went into a frenzy! Not many people had heard of the name Jaxon Martinez as the book was written under a pen name. 
However, everyone had heard of that book as the novel had gone insanely viral. People of all age groups were familiar with the book. The comments began pouring in once again. 
“Oh my God! Is she the author of ‘Listen to the Sound“?” 
“This is too shocking! I thought I was just enjoying the drama, but it’s actually the drama of one of my admired authors!” 
“Wait a minute. How can such an intense book be written by a woman?” 
“Why can it not be written by a woman? How can a man write such emotional 
scenes?” 
“Looking at the post, it does seem like the author’s writing style, especially with how she paced out the posts. Now, I just feel sad!” 
“Why do you feel uncomfortable? Her scumbag husband and his the 
– ΑΓΑ 
Chapte: 1084 Consequences 
ones that should feel bad! He even dared to steal the copyright for that novel!” 
“Listed below are the scumbag’s social media accounts! I can’t believe I even commented on one of his posts saying how much I liked his books before!” 
Soon, a bunch of netizens began flooding Jaxon’s social media accounts. Now that they found the scumbag’s socials, how could they let his lover off the hook? 
The netizens had always been quick to find people on the internet. Soon, both of 
their spam accounts were found and shared with the public! 
At the same time, two people in the hotel room…
###chapter1085
Chapter 1085 The Scumbag Is Stunned 
Judith had always been a simple woman who could easily be coaxed. Jaxon couldn’t stand the fact that the woman who had always put him first now dared to trick him. 
He slammed his phone on the ground, and the screen cracked as he paced the room angrily. 
“I have been taking care of her for so many years. Has she forgotten her place? If it weren’t for me, Judith would still be selling vegetables with her parents in the 
farmer’s market. 
“How would she be able to live so lavishly? Yet, here she is trying to trick me. I was just trying to be nice, but since she doesn’t know how to be grateful then things will be easy from now on. I’ll go and divorce her right now!” 
Jaxon was furious as he pushed everything onto the ground. Phoebe was delighted 
when she heard his words. 
She said, “Why are you trying to reason with someone from the lower class? She’s just noticed how much that book has been earning and wants to get a piece of that 
cake. 
“She probably spent a long time trying to think of that trick. The court wouldn’t make a decision based on your one word either. Don’t get too angry as you might end up falling sick. 
“Not to mention, you’re starting to quit drinking and smoking. We’ve already decided we want a baby in the future. 
“I’ve also asked my mom about the divorce. She says that as long as you transfer most of your joint assets away, she won’t be able to get much from the divorce since she’s incapable and unemployed. 
“If she dares to demand anything from you, just take it to court. You still have me, so you’ll definitely win.” 
Phoebe patted Jaxon’s chest as she continued, “As for the messages I sent, you just need to deny all of it.” 
Chapter 1005 The Scumbag is Stunned 
7.3 
“I got it,” Jaxon said as he kissed her hands. Jaxon and Phoebe were adamant that Judith would not get anything out of the divorce. 
Phoebe had waited for such a day for too long. If she were really able to become 
Jaxon’s wife, she would need to break off all of her other relationships. 
From now onward, she would have to delete all of those men’s contacts, especially 
when she had gone live. 
She had everything planned out. But when she opened her phone and logged into 
her account, her hands froze. 
Her expression twisted into something unbearable to look at! Her cute expression 
had faded as her face turned deathly pale. 
Jaxon was about to leave when he saw her expression. He was worried and asked with a frown, “What happened?” 
“How dare you ask me that question? How did your wife find my spam account?” 
Phoebe was already beginning to tremble in fear as her spam account consisted mainly of her friends. How were the people around her going to view her? 
Her parents had told her that she could date around, but she had to be careful of the 
other party’s status. 
It would be best if she waited for the other party to have a divorce before getting into a relationship because nothing good would come out of it if things got ugly. 
Phoebe understood that. So, she never told anyone that her boyfriend was married. when she flaunted her relationship to her friends. 
Now, those hateful comments were like bombs dropping down on her. She could not delete them all no matter how hard she tried. 
Jaxon looked at her expression and realized just how bad their situation was. He looked at her screen and saw that there were almost hundreds of comments on her posts, but all of the comments were condemning them! 
Due to Jaxon’s age and the fact that he had his own public account, his first reaction to the situation was to make Phoebe delete her account. 
Chapter 1085 The scumbag to Stunned 
Phoebe responded, “You also need to delete all of your posts and comments!” 
Jaxon’s forehead was filled with sweat as he said, “I can’t delete them all. I’ll just 
delete my account.” 
“That won’t do as the system will need some time before they’re able to delete your 
account,” Phoebe said. 
Suddenly, she thought of something. Those netizens had managed to find her spam account, but if they were to find her main account… 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1086
Chapter 1086 Viral 
Phoebe paled as she immediately began to panic. She was terrified people would screenshot all of her photos as her fingers moved quicker than they ever did before. 
However, she could not delete them all in time. She had a habit of posting things in her spam account and would post three times daily on average. 
“What do I do? What should I do?” Phoebe began panicking as she grabbed her hair. 
know! I’ll set my account to private! I’ll do it now!” 
However, it was too late. People had already screenshotted and video–recorded her entire page. Within less than a minute, Jaxon’s account was flooded with comments. 
“I was wondering why she looks so familiar! I’ve seen her before online!” 
“You’ve seen her online before? What do you mean?” 
“She’s a cosplay influencer and would often take photos and videos out on the street. She would also do live streams selling bags, clothes, and makeup! This is her main account handle, @PhoebeBoyd!” 
“Are you kidding me? Didn’t she just say that women need to rely on themselves instead of men not too long ago? Was she trying to put on the facade of a strong independent woman? How did she fall so quickly?” 
“Oh, my God! It really is her! Her life on her spam account sure does seem interesting! 
|| 
“I don’t think it’s true. I don’t believe that an influencer would choose to be in a relationship with such an old man.” 
“Excuse me. That’s not a relationship. They’re just blatantly cheating.” 
“What do other people’s lives have anything to do with you all? Why must you all have so much to say? If it was me, I would have also chosen that influencer. She’s pretty and fit. 
“Who’s to say that someone must stay in love with their partner forever once they’re married? Who can guarantee such a thing?” 
If one surfed the internet for long enough, they would naturally realize that they would be able to see all kinds of horrible people and horrible words on there. 
Some people were trying to flaunt their wealth by talking about their fathers, while some people were supporting Phoebe. Others would just watch the drama without saving a word. 
Since everyone had their own opinion on the matter, the whole situation went completely viral. 
Now that their main accounts were exposed to the public, everyone flooded their main accounts‘ comments section. 
After all, netizens did not like commenting on someone’s spam account. Not to mention, Jaxon and Phoebe had already set their accounts to private. 
Jaxon worked for the government. His main account was mostly used to advertise certain things, but now, his account was flooded with hate comments. 
His supervisor, Charles, was furious as he called him repeatedly! Jaxon did not dare. to answer his calls. However, he was also worried that he would lose his job if he didn’t answer them. 
How did things take such a turn? Didn’t those netizens have anything better to do with their free time? 
Jaxon took a deep breath. His supervisors weren’t going to wait around on him. So, he quickly disabled his comments and answered Charles‘ calls. 
Charles was furious as he said angrily, “The meeting had only happened a few days ago. How could you allow such a thing to happen? I have always trusted you and have never worried about you. 
“Didn’t you tell me that you treat your wife well? Are all those photos online real? I 
want you to give me a clear answer now!” 
Jaxon had planned to steer the conversation away, but he did not expect that 
Charles would not give him the chance to say anything. 
Jaxon quickly answered anxiously, “It’s true. But you have to know that it isn’t a big deal. I can handle it.” 
Charles sneered and asked, “Handle It? How are you going to handle it? Your wife has already spoken out and condemned you for your actions. Do you not know how this whole farce started?” 
In truth, Jaxon and Phoebe didn’t have time to figure out how things had taken such a turn. They had been too busy trying to hide and cover up their tracks. 
But now that Jaxon had heard Charles mention it, he realized that there was another post that was trending across social media. 
The second Jaxon clicked on it and read the first sentence. He knew he was done for! 
He had been with Judith for more than ten years. He knew better than anyone how good she was at stirring up people’s emotions with her words! 
After all, he had been enjoying the results of her words. He also understood how much those readers loved the characters she had written. 
###chapter1087
Chapter 1087 She Never Changed 
At that moment, Jaxon began to feel scared. He felt like something was blocking his throat, and he wasn’t even able to say a word. 
Charles‘ tone was heavy as he said, “I don’t care what you do, but you need to control the impact that this whole situation is going to cause. 
“Your personal affairs have caused too much negative impact, so you don’t even need to think about the upcoming promotion anymore. You should also explain the situation to Mr. Martinez Senior yourself.” 
Charles had planned to let Jaxon fend for himself. But Haddon had helped him before, so he was indebted to him. Jaxon’s family had played a huge factor in his successful career. 
Currently, Jaxon’s mind was in a mess. He had fallen gravely from grace. 
“I’ll talk to him. Don’t worry. I’ll definitely tell my father about everything. I’ll also go and apologize to my wife right now!” 
Phoebe was furious when she heard him. “What do you mean you’ll apologize? What about me? What am I supposed to do if you apologize to her?” 
They were in the hotel lobby, and Phoebe’s outburst had attracted some attention. 
Jaxon was terrified that something else might happen, and quickly covered her mouth. “Phoebe, lower your voice!” 
Charles could hear the ruckus on the other side and exclaimed, “Who are you with now? Where are you?” 
“I’m-” Jaxon tried to come up with a lie. 
However, Charles no longer wanted to listen to a word he said. “You’re hopeless. Why does Mr. Martinez Sénior have a son like you?” Then, Charles ended the call. 
Upon hearing the beeping sound, Jaxon turned to Phoebe and asked, “Are you happy now?” 
“Wait a second. Even if he’s your supervisor, you can’t just go and apologize to Judith 
now. What am I supposed to do if you do such a thing? Won’t that just make me your mistress?” Phoebe asked as she pointed at herself. 
Jaxon held his head and gripped his hair harshly. “What else am I supposed to do? And haven’t you been my mistress all this time?” 
“Alright. There’s no point for us to continue fighting now.” 
Phoebe was smart. She understood how netizens think, and she understood what the people wanted to see. Otherwise, she would not have been so successful in her job as an influencer. 
Phoebe said, “You should find your wife and ask her to write a post about how she’s forgiven you and how you two will continue to stay together. There’s still a chance. for us to turn things around. 
“When the netizens see her post, they’ll all think of her as a lovesick fool and stop sending us hate comments!” 
Phoebe was talented in manipulating public opinion. “Didn’t you say that your wife doesn’t know how to do anything and had to rely on you for years? Everyone in this generation is rational and logical. 
“They always look down on housewives. Even if you did cheat, if Judith continues to 
act like a sad bitch, everyone will turn the blame on her and think that she deserved 
to be cheated on! 
?
” 
go and find some of my colleagues to let them take the lead and gain control of the public opinion!” 
The colleagues Phoebe was referring to were none other than her troll army. It 
wasn’t her first time being at the center of a controversy. 
Back then, she had accidentally worn a traditional Foplyanese outfit at the wrong 
place and time. 
She had just happened to be in a good mood one day and had forgotten about the date. So, she ended up posting a video of herself dancing in a traditional Foplyanese outfit on September 18th. 
She had indeed forgotten about the country’s anger toward the Foplyans. 
When someone pointed out her actions, she was scared that she would be 
condemned by the internet, so she quickly used her spam account to expose one of 
her friends. 
With that, she had successfully avoided being at the center of the netizens‘ anger. 
She had started by using those troll armies to change the netizens‘ attention to 
something else. So, she planned to use the same exact trick again. 
However, Jaxon wasn’t as optimistic as she was. “Things have already gotten to 
such a point. Are you sure it’ll work?” 
Phoebe clasped her hands together and said, “Why not? It’s much better than doing 
nothing.” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1088
Chapter 1088 Troll Army 
As long as Judith posted about how she had forgiven him and was willing to 
overlook his mistakes, Phoebe could immediately post a video claiming how she did not know he had a family when she first met him. 
That would be the best way for them to change the public’s opinion of them. 
Jaxon gave it some thought and said, “Alright. I’ll go and coax her.” 
He did need to clear things up with her. Otherwise, he would just end up losing the copyright claim to “Listen to the Sound“. 
Jaxon could stand losing his job, but he could–not lose the copyright to that book! 
The people of Cascadia did not know that “Listen to the Sound” was basically a gold magnet for him due to the broad audience abroad. 
He had earned a total of 50 million through royalties within a year. Not to mention, there were even movie directors who had approached him. He would not allow himself to lose the copyright to that book! 
Jaxon lowered his gaze and said, “I’ll take my daughter with me. Judith can’t stand seeing our daughter sad and will definitely back down for the sake of our daughter.” However, Jaxon had misjudged Judith greatly this time. 
Phoebe got up and said, “I’ll go with you and wait outside.” She couldn’t stand staying in the hotel anymore. 
Jaxon frowned. “Don’t let her see you. 
“I’m not stupid. I’ll go to take some photos of you two making up and post them on the internet. That would help increase credibility.” 
Phoebe sure knew how to manipulate the internet. “Also, remember to hug her once 
you see her. You don’t even need to say anything. I’ll do the rest!” 
Jaxon knew what she was trying to pull, so he would definitely cooperate with her during such a critical time. 
The both of them headed out of the hotel, thinking that no one had noticed them. 
Chapter: 1068 Trol my 
But unbeknownst to them, there were surveillance cameras all around the hotel. 
Although it wasn’t morally right, anywhere could fall under Wynter’s watch as long as 
there was a surveillance camera. 
Wynter had asked Judith to tell the netizens the truth, but that didn’t mean she 
would sit still and do nothing. She loved to hunt people down when they least expected it. 
It wasn’t hard for her to track their locations through her phone. She had found out where they were some time ago but had kept that page hidden as she did not want 
to affect Judith’s mood. 
But since things had come to this, she did not mind beefing up the evidence they 
had against Jaxon and Phoebe. 
Then, she would take care of those troll armies. The last troll army that had tried to 
act out before Wynter was still in prison. 
This time, Wynter had placed a virus in the troll armies‘ computers the second they accepted the request. 
The troll army immediately began acting out on the internet. They had taken the money after all. 
“I don’t understand. Did your husband save your life? Why are you willing to still be 
with him? He already has a lover, so why don’t you just divorce him? What’s the use of putting it all on the internet? Do you want us to see how much you’ve suffered ?” 
“How could someone like you write ‘Listen to the Sound? How is that possible?” 
“You can’t earn a living for yourself and keep pressuring your husband all day long. Who can stand it? Why don’t you reflect on yourself first?” 
Wynter managed to lock on the commenters‘ IP addresses through their comments. They all came from the same location. 
After preparing all the information, she immediately sent it to the Special Unit’s network supervision department. 
“Boss? Is that you, boss?” The other party was enthusiastic, which was a stark 
contrast to their usual cold demeanor. 
Chapte 1088 Troll Army 
“Enough with the theatrics. Who else would be able to hack into your computer to send you some files and orders?” 
The young man rolled his eyes and started typing, “Boss, is L missing? I can’t seem to pinpoint his location.” 
Wynter replied, “He’s fine. All of you should stop by that troll army’s company.” 
“I got it! Boss, it’s been such a long time since I’ve seen you do the hacking yourself.” 
After all, L had always been the one to do anything related to hacking. He was the 
one w 
had shocked an entire city by causing an ATM to splurt out money! 
Wynter’s gaze darkened. Her tear mole made her look extremely charming. She said, That’s why you should take them out with a bang. Make them regret ever going on 
the internet.” 
###chapter1089
Chapter 1089 Karma 
At that moment, Phoebe was still oblivious to what she would face in the future. 
She had a hobby of bullying her classmates ever since she started high school. However, her family had been the ones to ensure things were kept quiet about it. 
In Phoebe’s opinion, Judith was an old woman who had been abandoned by society. She would not understand how to use public opinion to her own gain. 
However, Phoebe was different. She was working in that industry after all. She knew that the netizens wanted to see some twists and turns. 
Before Phoebe got out of the car, she held onto her phone. She was terrified as she had done a number of shameful things. 
But as long as Judith went down, Phoebe would be able to gain some benefit from the controversy. 
Jaxon brought Janessa out. She kept sobbing as she said, “Daddy, are you really going to divorce Mommy? Everyone on the internet is scolding me. 
“They’re calling me an ignorant daughter and a bad child. Even my classmates are looking at me as if I’m a joke. Daddy, why don’t you make up with Mommy?” 
Jaxon massaged his temples and said, “Jane, I’m bringing you out because I want to make up with your mother. 
“I don’t want the netizens to continue scolding us, so I need to do something to make your mom feel sorry for us. 
“Daddy, I’ll do whatever you want me to do.” 
Janessa had been enjoying watching her dancing shows while chatting with her friends after her mother left as no one was there to force her to do her homework 
anymore. 
Who knew that a post about their family would suddenly go viral? Someone had even asked her back then if she no longer acknowledged her mother. 
All of her classmates had begun distancing themselves from her out of the blue. 
Chapter 1089 Kamma 
Janessa also no longer dared to go online. She only wanted her mother to make things right again. She did not understand why her mother could be cruel enough to put her and her father in the spotlight and let everyone condemn them. 
She was a child, but she understood that one should not air their family’s problems. on the internet. 
She could understand that her mother wanted to have her revenge on Phoebe, but why did she have to drag them down as well? She was her daughter! 
Janessa asked Jaxon about all of her troubles and confusion. 
Jaxon held her hand and said, “Jane, who taught you to say such things? Later, you’re not allowed to say such things in front of your mother. You’re only allowed to 
apologize and beg her to return home” 
“I was just saying what Grandma said.” Janessa felt wronged. 
Jaxon turned to Georgia and said, “Mom, how can you teach Jane such things? What 
would people say if they heard her?” 
“How would I know that ungrateful brat would dare to make up stories about our 
family on the internet? She’ll get what’s coming for her. I won’t let her off the hook so 
easily!” 
Georgia had thought that everything was going smoothly. But in less than an hour, all 
of her neighbors and friends were distancing themselves from her. 
Even her friend that she had made in the farmers market shook her head when she 
saw Georgia. 
Georgia had constantly spread rumors about Judith as a way to control her. She 
never thought that she would end up becoming the center of such gossip. They had all pointed and talked about her as she passed by them. 
“That post was referring to her. She’s the one who had supported her son to find a 
mistress. She even brought her granddaughter to meet that mistress.” 
“She’s the one they’re all talking about. She’s such a bad mother–in–law. Haddon has been humiliated because of her.” 
089 Ksimil 
“Didn’t she always say that her daughter–in–law would never do a thing while her son 
had to pay for all of her expenses? She even said that her daughter–in–law would often look down on her. I even believed her at that time!” 
“Me too. Wasn’t she just blatantly lying to us?” 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1090
Chapter 1090 Regret 
Chapter 1090 Regret 
“I’m afraid that women will continue to hate us mothers–in–law.” 
“My daughter told me that the situation hasn’t come to an end yet. Let’s just wait and see. I don’t think she’ll receive a good ending.” 
Georgia had been on the way to the supermarket to buy some groceries. But in the end, she didn’t manage to buy her groceries and ended up hiding in her home. 
Her husband was still in the university, researching the relics he had brought back. He was oblivious to all of the drama that had happened. 
She didn’t dare to imagine what would happen to her if Haddon found out about what had happened. 
With that thought in mind, Georgia began to panic. She also stopped arguing, took her jacket, and followed them out. “Jaxon, I’ll follow you both there. You won’t lose. 
with me there.” 
Jaxon’s tone was filled with impatience as he said, “Mom! Did you see how many people were looking at us like we were a joke? We’ll be photographed and posted on the internet if you follow me there! 
“People might not notice if I bring Jane to a cafe. But that does not go the same for you. The netizens online can’t stand you. 
Georgia gritted her teeth. “They can’t stand me? They’re just a bunch of crazy people with too much time on their hands. How dare they interfere with our family business? 
We just don’t want Judith to stay in our family anymore. What’s wrong about that?” 
Jaxon pointed at his phone and exclaimed, “Mom, you’re still oblivious to the severity 
of the situation. My supervisor, Charles, just called me to say that my promotion has 
gone out the window. 
“But that’s not the main point. The main point is that if I do not handle this situation well and Judith remains adamant about divorcing me, the negative impact of the situation would be huge. 
“If that happens, I won’t only lose my job, but I might not be able to stay in 
Chapter 1000 Regret 
Kingbourne either!” 
Georgia cared about her son’s future the most. 
Upon hearing his words, she quickly grabbed his arm and said, “That won’t happen. Did you forget about our family’s background? Your father has his connections, and Charles is indebted to your father. He will definitely-” 
“Mom, times are different now. Such methods no longer work in the modern world. They’re many eyes on us. If Dad finds out about everything I did, I’ll only be in hot soup. I need to change Judith’s mind as soon as possible!” 
With that said, Jaxon carried Janessa up and said, “We’re leaving.” 
Georgia was unwilling to relent as she said, “Why can Jane go, but I can’t? Aren’t you just going to put on a show? At most, I’ll go and give her a gift and apologize to her.” She did not want her son to think of her as a burden. 
However, Jaxon did not agree. “Mom, if it weren’t for your constant nagging about how Judith is old and unable to give me a son, I also wouldn’t have found myself 
another lover. 
“You have a bad relationship with Judith. You’ll only make things harder for me if she 
sees you.” 
Georgia’s eyes widened after hearing Jaxon’s reply. 
“Jaxon, how can you say such a thing? I brought Jane to meet you that day because you were enjoying yourself. You also weren’t saying such things to me back then.” 
“Mom, you’re old and easily confused now. This problem happened because of you. If it weren’t for your interference, my relationship with Judith would not have reached such a point either. 
“If you really wish to see me with a chance at a proper future, you will admit 
everything you’ve done when Dad asks you about it. But if you want to see me doomed, then you can do whatever you want.” 
With that said, Jaxon carried Janessa and secretly left the neighborhood through the back door. He did not even turn back. 
###chapter1091
Chapter 1091 Grandma Did Something Bad 
Georgia stood in stunned silence. Her body trembled noticeably, drawing the attention of the passersby. 
She didn’t expect Jaxon to talk to her like that. He claimed that Phoebe yearned for a meeting with Janessa. For that reason, he begged Georgia to bring the child to 
Phoebe for a bonding session between mother and daughter. 
Jaxon explained that it was a ploy to prevent Janessa’s tantrum or Dariel’s 
interference in their potential divorce. 
Distressed over her son’s troubles, Georgia agreed to his request. Besides, Judith clearly didn’t measure up to the socialites in Hawford. 
Jaxon had mentioned that Phoebe hailed from a distinguished family. According to 
him, Phoebe’s parents were eminent lawyers in Hawford. 
Georgia was delighted to learn that. As she investigated further, she discovered that 
the Boyds were esteemed figures in the legal profession. On top of that, Phoebe’s 
grandfather was a reputable judge. 
Believing that Phoebe was a fitting match for her son, Georgia had gone to great. lengths to support Jaxon in securing a better marriage. Yet, she became the one to 
blame. 
Georgia clenched her fists upon realizing that Jaxon intended to shift the blame onto 
her. 
“What a thoughtful son I’ve raised!” Georgia lamented aloud. However, Jaxon didn’t 
bother to look back. 
“Daddy, why is Grandma crying?” Janessa asked in confusion. 
Jaxon shamelessly replied, “Grandma did something bad. Think about it. Your mom wants to leave after arguing with Grandma. If Grandma hadn’t talked back to her, we would still be a happy family.” 
Like his daughter, Jaxon never reflected on his own faults. His only regret was not 
being more ruthless and failing to hide his affair discreetly. 
Chapter 1091 Grandma Did Something Bed 
While Jaxon headed to the cafe, Phoebe found the perfect spot for capturing photos outside. When Jaxon entered the private room, he was surprised to see Wynter 
sitting beside Judith. 
Unbeknownst to Jaxon, Dalton and Sebastian were present as well. However, Wynter instructed them to stay hidden lest foiling their show. 
Although Jaxon had never met Wynter before, he guessed her identity and attempted to ignore her. 
Before reaching Judith’s side, he pleaded pitifully, “I’m sorry, Judith. I was wrong. Look at Jane–she’s been sick since you left home. You know she’s starting 8th grade soon. I know I messed up by taking her to that lunch, but it wasn’t what you 
think.” 
Janessa chimed in with tears rolling down her face, “I’m sorry, Mommy. I missed you 
so much…” 
At that moment, Wynter understood Judith’s reluctance to leave her family. It appeared that Jaxon had taken advantage of her sentimental weakness. No mother- would heartlessly leave their child upon hearing his words. 
Worst of all, some netizens had persuaded Judith to file for divorce after Janessa’s exams. Having endured the mistreatment for years, she could surely hold out a bit 
longer. 
However, Judith would have no chance of turning back if she relented. Her story had become the talk of the internet, capturing the attention of thousands online. 
Judith had been giving in for the sake of her child, but how much more should she yield? Would she finally find peace if she were pushed to the edge? 
Propping her chin up with her palm, Wynter gently tapped her fingers on the table. Despite Jaxon’s incompetence, he was rather skilled at shifting the blame. 
###chapter1092
Chapter 1092 You Are a Mean Lady 
Judith was stunned for a moment and instinctively glanced at Janessa. Seizing the chance, Jaxon quickly stepped forward and hugged Judith. Taken aback, Judith 
barely had time to struggle. 
“I know you still love us. I was wrong, honey. Let’s move out from the Martinez residence. This way 
way, Mom won’t interfere in our lives anymore. What do you say?” 
Jaxon coaxed. 
Wynter smirked as her gaze shifted outside the window, where Phoebe waited. Indeed, it was the perfect spot for capturing a harmonious picture. Based on the photo alone, one would assume Judith had disappointed the netizens‘ expectations and forgiven her unfaithful husband. 
Wynter had even considered a fitting title. Yet, Phoebe regrettably remained outside. If Phoebe were to enter the cafe and notice Wynter’s expression, she would’ve realized she was far from victory. 
Upon regaining her senses, Judith swiftly pushed Jaxon away and slapped him. 
“You shameless man!” she shouted angrily. She didn’t expect Jaxon to remain bold and pretentious after everything he did. 
Judith admitted that she was worried about Janessa, but her daughter had refused to acknowledge her. At that moment, Judith deeply resented Jaxon for touching her sore spot. 
Worried that her sudden outburst would foil Wynter’s plan, Judith sneaked a glance at Wynter. 
Realizing that Judith was emotionally affected, Wynter glanced at Jaxon and snickered. “My, my. What a loving husband you are, Mr. Martinez.” 
That single slap was enough to turn the tables. Phoebe could take all the pictures. she wanted, but Wynter would make her regret recklessly breaching another’s privacy. Unfortunately for Phoebe, she had much to learn compared to Wynter. 
It was only 
then that Jaxon seemed to acknowledge Wynter’s presence. “Ms. Quinnell, I’m a close friend of Mr. Shane and an acquaintance of Mr. Sebastian. I 
Chapter 1092 You Are a Mean Lady 
appreciate your concern for our family. 
2/2 
“It’s reassuring to know that you’ve been by Judith’s side. I would worry if she were to walk around alone, especially given her pregnancy,” he added. 
“It seems like you weren’t informed, Mr. Martinez. I’ve just thrown my father- Oh, this sounds too strange. I’ve just thrown Shane Quinnell into prison. Since he mistreated my mother, I’m letting him repent behind bars,” Wynter replied nonchalantly. 
Jaxon was instantly stiffened by the revelation. True to Wynter’s claims, he wasn’t aware that she was behind the incident in the Quinnells. Besides, the Martinez family wasn’t qualified enough to inquire about the affairs of such business magnates. 
“I’m curious. How are you acquainted with Sebastian? Did you meet him through the Boyd family? I must say, the Boyds are a respectable choice in Hawford. 
“That said, you certainly have a unique way to express your love to Judith, like calling your lover over to ridicule your wife,” Wynter added with a faint smile. 
As Jaxon listened to her mockery, his face scrunched up. He was completely at a loss for words. 
At that moment, Janessa dashed forward and hit Wynter’s thigh. “You mean woman! This is all your fault! If it weren’t for you, Mommy and Daddy wouldn’t be getting a divorce!” she cried. 
Everyone was surprised by Janessa’s sudden outburst. No one expected a child to do such a thing. 
Instead of showing anger, Wynter looked at Janessa with a smile. “If only you had said the same words to that lady, your mother wouldn’t be so heartbroken. Alas, you don’t seem to care about her at all.” 
###chapter1093
Chapter 1093 You’re Nothing But a Troublemaker 
Janette wat visive futfeind by Wynter a harsh erficiam in truth, Jaxon and Judith intended to 
edwayrles 
emunally manipadate Ashith into submaston 
to marital relationships, physical abuse was often more noticeable and garnered sympathy. Yet, it was the evotional abuse that proved scariest 
To have one’s kindness relentlessly exploited; one’s worth demeaned, and ultimately be crushed by despair was truly a terrifying experience. 
While Wynter was undoubtedly a skillful doctor, her expertise in psychology was equally impressive. 
Judith’s frailty not only stemmed from the formation but also from the emotional abuse she had suffered throughout the years. 
Plus, Wynter recognized the medicine Judith once took as sleeping pills. As Judith was pregnant, the medication could add to her hormonal imbalance. 
Grasping onto her purple sugilite pendant, Wynter had to find a way to ease Judith’s pain urgently. Otherwise, she doubted Judith could hold on much longer. 
Sometimes, all it took to stop dreaming was to start anew. Though a child would always be a mother’s lingering attachment, Judith needed to face the truth. Otherwise, she would remain trapped in a circle of torment. 
“I’ll never go back. I’m getting a divorce, and that’s final,” Judith declared. 
With trembling hands, she looked at Janessa and scolded sternly, “I don’t remember teaching you to justify wrong as right, nor have I taught you to shift the blame onto someone else. Why should I tolerate further when your father has cheated on me? You’re a lost cause, Janessa.” 
Upon hearing that, Janessa suddenly recalled her classmates‘ words. She couldn’t stand that Judith, who had always been the pushover in the family, was now reprimanding her. At that moment, Janessa could no longer put on a pretense. 
“If you can’t endure it, you should’ve filed for divorce in secret! Why did you have to say those things online? 
“Grandma was right–you’re just hoping to see our family fall apart! You’ve caused such a stir, but have you ever thought about me? How can I face my classmates and others in school? 
“You are nothing but a troublemaker! Daddy should’ve divorced you long ago! Do you want to know why I like Ms. Phoebe? Take a good look in the mirror! You’re just an ignorant old hag! 
“You must write an apology letter to Daddy right now! Then you can go wherever you like!” Janessa screamed, clenching her fists/ 
As Wynter listened to Janessa’s rambles, the expression in her eyes darkened. Shocked, Jaxon quickly covered his daughter’s mouth. In contrast, Judith remained calm and composed with a faint smile. 
COM Your Nothing that a tremister 
“Don’t listen to her, honey. She’s been in great shook today. Her friends had been gossiping about her. She just needs some time to process everything,” Jaxon hurriedly explained. 
Judith cast a glance at him, though the resentment had faded in her eyes, “Was I the reason she suffered at school? Of course not. She was mocked because of her indecent and shameless father. 
*Ladmit that I posted my autoblography online, but I was merely speaking the truth. I regret not raising her well, but I have no chance of saving her. All I can do is raise a child who won’t end up like her. 
“I’ve made my decision, Jaxon. I’ll see you in court,” Judith softly concluded. 
Jaxon attempted to pester her further when two men in black suddenly appeared and took him away. At that moment, he finally noticed two other figures altting in the cafe. 
Jaxon didn’t recognize Dalton as the latter rarely showed up in public. If he had known that the scion of Kingbourne was present, Jaxon would never dare to say such things. 
However, Jaxon was familiar with Sebastian. Knowing Sebastian’s authority in the legal profession, Jaxon panicked. “My wife has misunderstood, Mr. Sebastian! It’s not what you think…” 
###chapter1094
1094  They Are Dasmess 
They 
waste nos brake out in a cold sweat He dreaded the thought that Sebastian we Wie handling en Saved? 
Having that tub dge, Jan quickly headed to the underground parking lot Janessa hurriedly followed behind even losing a shoe in her haste. The child cried out to her father pitifully, but Jaxon responded with an angry outburst 
Shop following me, you worthless fool! You can’t even follow my instructions! I spent so much on your education, and this is what I get? Do you even have a brain?” Jaxon roared 
in an instant, Janessa’s face turned pale. She has never seen such a frightening side of Jaxon before. 
Despite rarely returning home, Jaxon would always bring back imported dolls and chocolates for Janessa. Her classmates often envied her, and Georgia frequently commented that she was her father’s previous princess. 
Yet, things seemed to have changed now. When Janessa tentatively reached out to grasp Jaxon’s sleeve, Jaxon shoved her hand away. 
“Go to your grandmother, you idiot!” Jaxon glared. 
Janessa was completely stupefied. Jaxon didn’t even seem to notice the wound on her foot. At that moment, Janessa suddenly recalled the scene where they had left Georgia, miserable and alone. 
Unfortunately, Jaxon didn’t care about Janessa at all. He had always wanted a son instead of a daughter. Their family feud might not have escalated if Janessa behaved properly. To make matters worse, Sebastian had witnessed all the drama unfold. 
Worried that Sebastian might represent Judith in court, Jaxon decided to discuss the countermeasures with Phoebe. 
However, Phoebe wasn’t interested in Jaxon’s ordeal. She had already returned to the car after taking the picture she wanted, completely oblivious to the events afterward. 
Knowing that the netizens were eagerly anticipating the news, Phoebe first requested the gossip accounts to upload the picture. She then logged into her main account and posted a long text she had prepared, painting herself as innocent and claiming to have been deceived by Jaxon. 
“My parents have been strict with my behavior. I admit I was also at fault in this scandal. I’ll be sure to keep my eyes peeled for men in the future. Here’s some advice to all girls out there–beware of cunning men,” Phoebe wrote. 
Obviously, her fans supported her enthusiastically. The post was quickly flooded with comments. 
“Yelly is the most sincere blogger I’ve ever seen. I doubt she’ll risk her reputation for nothing.” 
“It’s hard to understand why she would mess with a married man. Though she has never said it outright, 
many know she comes from a prestigious family. Thousands are lining up to court her.” 
###chapter1095
Chapter 1095The Mitrean Burkes Agam 
Telia hat owe yearned to marry into the Martinez Farity #towever, Javerts Indecision only resulted in a chacie ten of events Yelena had no choice but to the love for the time being. 
Thus to Teleoas expectations, the comments online had been swayed by the gossip accounts. 
*How shocking! So this is the truth behind the sensational article. While the netizens remain anxious alsout her well–being, she decides to make up with her cheating husband instead! I stand by my previous statement–these housewives are not worth the pity in the first place! 
“She’s been blinded by love, only to end up in a failed marriage. And yet, she came sadfishing online. While we gave her attention, she stabbed us in the back and cuddled with her dear husband!” 
As the troll armies were busily typing away, they didn’t realize officers from the Cybersecurity Bureau had arrived at their door. 
In an instant, the officers barged into the room and captured every one of them, leaving no chance for escape. 
The troll armies were dumbfounded. They had no idea how they had been discovered since they had completely concealed their traces. 
Meanwhile, Yelena gleefully scrolled through the comments in the car. She even replied to some. 
“If you ever encounter a cheating partner in your marriage, don’t feel depressed. Be strong and file for a divorce. Otherwise, you’ll end up suffering throughout your entire life. 
“I’ve gathered my evidence. If that bastard dares to harass me, I’ll bring him to court! Also, here’s a reminder to all the girls out there–don’t forsake your career for love. Keep enhancing yourself and stay pretty!” 
Following Yelena’s reply, the majority of the netizens instantly sided with her. 
“And that’s why Yelly is the best! No girl would like to stay ugly, let alone serve a lousy man.” 
“That old hag is such a drama queen. She knew she was no match for Yelly and decided to sadfish online. Well, the joke’s on her! Besides, she’s at fault for letting her husband chase after other women. Poor Yelly has been deceived.” 
“That’s the mentality of a middle–aged woman. Instead of blaming the younger girls, she should reflect on her husband’s mistakes!” 
Despite the harsh comments, Wynter still showed the post to Judith. Confused by his sister’s action, Sebastian was about to advise her when Dalton suddenly interjected. 
“One of the most extreme, but effective, approaches to treating someone with trauma is to help them confront reality. Under normal circumstances, professional psychologists resort to such methodology,” Dalton explained as he set down the cup on the table. 
Sebastian glanced at him and raised a brow. “Are you saying that Wynter is treating my client? But Ms. 
ashman doesn’t seem to be ill. * 
Those who appear stable are often the most dangerous. Sometimes, they see the world as too much of a problem and become overwhelmed. All it takes is one gentle nudge, and they’re off over the edge, Dalton replied calmly. 
Onking back into his seat, Sebastian pointed out gloomily
, “You seem to understand my sister quite well. 
Tel couples tend to think alike,” Dalton stated with a charming smile. 
Sebastian was utterly annoyed. He never expected Dalton to be more eloquent than lawyers. Speaking of which Sebastian suddenly recalled that Dalton rarely showed himself in public, let alone meddled in others‘ affairs. 
Despite his annoyance, Sebastian refrained from picking on Dalton since Wynter was fond of the latter. Instead, he asked, “How was it done then?* 
As her brother, Sebastian felt sorry for Wynter and wished to learn more about his sister. This desire grew stronger after he learned of her struggles within the Yates family and her psychological condition. 
###chapter1096
Chapter 1096 We Can Be Free From Nightmares 
As he looked out of the window, Dalton continued calmly, “When you’ve seen enough horror, you’ll be 
Immune to it. Have you ever watched a fortune teller dispelling a formation? Back when they 
first started, they weren’t as courageous and composed as they are now. 
“But as they gained more experience and encounters, they came to realize that this world is full of strange things and started getting used to it.” 
Dalton’s sentiment echoed Wynter’s intention. She refused to see Judith remain trapped in self–denial even after the incident. Throughout her life, Wynter had encountered various patients grappling with the 
same question. 
Why would they do such a thing to me? They were the ones at fault, not me. But why was I the one being 
criticized? 
Despite their loud musings, the world remained unjust. One had to perceive the truth clearly to retaliate against the discrimination. 
While Wynter could swiftly settle the case, she hoped to guide Judith out of her anguish through such an 
approach. 
Upon reading the first comment, Judith felt her hands tremble as her breathing became uneven. When she noticed the photo, her body shook violently. She was left utterly aghast by the netizens‘ bizarre perception. 
Seeing Judith struggle to withstand the harsh comments, Wynter held her wrist and gazed at her calmly. 
“You can’t understand why they would do this to you. You’re asking yourself the same question you previously asked me, and now you’ll have your answer. Indeed, age isn’t the real concern, but that’s the 
nature of humans. 
“Everyone has a different mindset. While some willingly become a mistress, others remain loyal to the ones they love. Some people have a strong moral compass, while others don’t. 
“There’s a fine line between good and evil. You might’ve seen much wickedness in this digitalized world, but there’s kindness too. Just because it exists doesn’t mean it’s right. And even if these people remain silent, there are always outspoken critics. 
“This is something you must face after your divorce, and it may linger even after your return to society. It’s a past we can never deny–a truth you’ve written in your post. But once you realize you’ve been doing the right thing, you’re finally free from the nightmares,” Wynter softly explained. 
Stunned, Judith lifted her gaze as her eyes widened. How did Wynter know she had been suffering from nightmares? 
Since her declaration of divorce, Judith often dreamt about the aftermath. 
In her nightmares, she was overwhelmed with the scorn and criticism being thrown at her. Each time she woke up from the dreams, she felt as though she had experienced death. 
Despite wanting a divorce, Judith feared that her nightmares would come true. It was a torture that practically drove her over the edge. 
then, Wynter leaned closer to Judith and whispered, “You know, I also had nightmares. I saw my ith in my dreams. My father abandoned me for his precious adoptive daughter. I saw the fall of the Qunnell family, and the devastating demise of my brothers.” 
Upon meeting Judith’s gaze, Wynter softly added, “That horrifying feeling returned when I saw you.” 
Though it was momentary, Wynter did witness Judith’s death. While Judith succumbed to the scorn of everyone around her, Phoebe and Jaxon led a happy life together. Janessa even warmly accepted 
Phoebe as her stepmother. 
Should Judith’s life have ended like that because of a young and beautiful influencer? 
“Don’t worry, Judith. Just sit back and watch the show.” Wynter grinned. With a tap on her phone, she successfully uploaded a post. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1097

Chapter 1097 It's Over for Her
Seated in the car, Phoebe giggled with delight at her brilliance. She watched gleefully as her follower count soared. Everything was going according to her plan.
Phoebe's lips curled up into a gloating smirk. She was confident that Judith, whom she
considered inferior, was no match for her.
Just when Phoebe was about to write a reply, several screenshots appeared in her comments. Her smile instantly faltered, and her face turned unusually pale. Her body trembled uncontrollably, and she nearly dropped her phone in panic.
The screenshots revealed her chat histories with Brent and other men, including Darian Simpson, a male student who had been pursuing her.
Phoebe intended to give Brent an explanation after the sensation. However, she didn't expect to see her private messages being disclosed to the public.
Phoebe stared at her phone for a second before swiftly deleting the comment. To her horror, she discovered more of her secrets in the flood of comments. Worst of all, her fans had noticed the screenshots and clicked on them.
The chats weren't merely flirtatious. They had escalated to something obscene. Phoebe had even sent her boudoir photos to Brent and addressed him affectionately. It was a stark departure from her usual strong and independent image.
On top of that, she had given different nicknames to her contacts - Brent was named "My Sugar Daddy" while Darian was named "Simp 1". Upon further scrolling, it was found that Phoebe had nicknamed her other admirers by numbers.
In particular, Jaxon was hilariously named a "Wealthy Old Man to Marry". Obviously, Phoebe merely treated him as a walking ATM.
Among the chats, Darian stood out from the rest. He was renowned as a college hunk and the one who had vehemently refuted Phoebe's rumors. According to the chat, he had offered her comfort when the rumors started.
"I know you must be upset, Phoebe. No one likes being accused of something they didn't do. I've bought some milkshakes for you and sent them to your dorm.
"Remember, you've done nothing wrong. That old hag is just jealous of your beauty. Besides, she's at fault for neglecting her husband," he texted.
The screenshots came as a bombshell, leaving the netizens startled and intrigued. The whole internet erupted in a frenzy as everyone wondered the truth. Regardless, it marked the end for Phoebe.
Phoebe, who had always yearned for fame, finally got her wish with such revelation.
As the commotion brewed online, Phoebe's fans stubbornly defended her. Those who shared her sentiments even posted ridiculous comments.
"Can't the haters use their brains? Pheebs will never simp for her top supporter."
"That's right! It's obvious that the chat history has been photoshopped!"
Despite her fans' unwavering faith, Phoebe didn't feel relieved at all. She had been desperately deleting the comments, but her secrets continued to surface. At that moment, she received a call from Brent but was too afraid to answer.
When Phoebe rejected his call, Brent texted her, "Feeling bold now, are we? How dare you hide from me? Just you wait!"
Terrified, Phoebe hurriedly called Brent, "I was wrong, Brent. I'll explain to you later..."
ta
"I'm not listening to your excuses. I thought you were truly innocent. I believed your sweet lies and showered you with gifts. I even helped you in live battles. I've spent a fortune on you. Yet, you've been flirting around behind my back.
"How dare you betray me! I don't care who you've offended, but you better fix this quickly. You know the consequences if they find out my identity," Brent threatened.
###chapter1098
Chapter 1098 Her Counterargument 
Brent swiftly hung up the call after his threat. The click of the phone disconnecting felt like a slap to Phoebe’s pale face. She had never experienced such terror. 
If she failed to clear up the chaos properly, her entire career would be destroyed. She had spent years of hard work to build her fame and reputation, and she refused to see them crumble away 
Aside from Brent, the other admirers had contacted Phoebe for an explanation. In an instant, countless messages cluttered up in her inbox. 
Only Danian remained hopeful of her. “The screenshots are fake, aren’t they? I’m sure it’s that old hag’s doing. She wants to see you fall from grace, but I trust you. You were never a gold digger. After all, you never accept my gifts,” he texted. 
Realizing she needed an attester, Phoebe changed Darian’s nickname and sent him a screenshot. “I don’t know why those rumors have been spreading online. This is what my phone screen really looks like,” she texted with a crying emoji. 
Darian was waiting for Phoebe’s reply in the cafeteria. Upon receiving the message, he swiftly rose from his seat and prepared to leave. 
“Where are you going?” someone asked. 
“I’m going to clear things up for Phoebe!” Darian replied. He then turned to address a group of girls at the 
front table. 
“Phoebe is your roommate, and now she’s been accused of being a mistress. How can you just sit there 
and 
eat?” Darian chided. 
The girls looked at him with a frown, feeling annoyed by his sudden reprimand. 
“They’re not wrong though. We’re her roommates, after all. Maybe you should clear your head instead.” 
one of them scoffed. 
“You sure seem to like being called a simp,” another snickered. 
Darian was displeased by their retorts and argued, “You’re all just jealous of Phoebe’s beauty and wealthy background. She’s already a popular influencer with millions of followers even before her graduation. 
You? You’re just a bunch of normies.” 
“Do you have a few screws loose?” the girls retorted. 
Phoebe had been an embarrassment to them, and now Darian proved to be equally repulsive. The girls used to fawn over him in the dormitory, but it turned out that he was all looks and no substance. 
Unfortunately, Darian didn’t share their sentiments. Determined to defend Phoebe, he returned to his room and swiftly posted Phoebe’s screenshot online. 
“I’m the one known as Símp 1. I swear on my name that Phoebe Boyd is not a gold–digger and does not seek anything from anyone. I urge everyone to be rational in this farce. The photos are clearly edited. 
###chapter1099
Chapter 1099 A Slap In Her Face 
001 continued, “The reason she rejected your gifts and food is because she considers them worthless and substandard. Look at you, getting touched over nothing. Truly a simp.” 
Such statements caused a stir in the comment section. No one expected the stars of the rumors to reveal themselves online. And now, even Darian found himself caught in the scandal. 
Darian sat in front of his computer with a flushed face. He attempted to type his retort, but the video and comment had exposed a painful truth–Phoebe was merely treating him as a foolish simp. 
Unwilling to accept reality, Darian persistently dialed Phoebe’s number. Yet, all he heard was an incessant busy signal on the other end. 
With things spiraling out of her control, Phoebe couldn’t care less about Darian. She even doubted she could stay in Kingbourne further and decided to return to Hawford. Left with no choice, she sought her 
parents‘ help to clean up her mess. 
As Phoebe called her mother, she vowed to file a lawsuit against whoever had exposed her privacy. Once the line connected, Phoebe hurriedly told her mother about the incident. 
Madeline Gardner listened to her daughter’s rambles with a frown before asking, “Have you exposed your 
grandpa online?” 
Phoebe shook her head. “No. I tried to keep it vague, but things are getting out of hand, Mom. You’ve got to help me and sue whoever doxed me! Aren’t you the best at handling this kind of lawsuit?” she urged. 
Although Madeline felt vexed, she couldn’t ignore Phoebe’s troubles. “Based on your statement, it seems like your phone has been compromised. We can definitely sue them for this. Regardless, it’s a crime to hack into another’s private domain. That said, how did you end up getting hacked?” 
“I have no idea. There’s not much time left, Mom. Hurry up and…” Phoebe suddenly halted upon noticing the mysterious account uploading a different video. 
In the video, Phoebe was sneakily taking photos from outside a cafe. Obviously, the photo in question was the one she requested the gossip accounts to post earlier as a scheme to mislead the netizens. 
The video sparked a wave of rage in the comment section. 
“What the heck? Phoebe is behind all of this?” 
“Turns out she did it on purpose! She’s trying to mislead everyone to attack the wife. How wicked!” 
“The wife has never forgiven that scumbag and even slapped him! Phoebe is full of lies.” 
“Oh my god, have you heard the daughter’s words? I’m seething with anger!” 
“I guess the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree. Both the Martinez family and Phoebe are up to no good. Phoebe claimed she wasn’t aware of the man’s marital status. Well, it’s all an act! She’s a homewrecker 
through and through.“/ 
“And that’s not all. Look at how she curried favor with her top supporter. I’m curious. Where are the 
people who once cheered for Phoebe’s shamelessness ? Weren’t you the ones justifying her actions of breaking up families because of her youth? Why stay silent now?” 
“I’m standing watch here. Let’s see who dares to attack the wife again!” 
At that moment, Phoebe had lost control of the situation. Adding to her despair, Brent unexpectedly came out of hiding and posted a response. 
Brent is Not My Name said, “The screenshots by 001 are all genuine. I’ve showered Phoebe with gifts worth around six million. I even bought her an apartment–I’m sure everyone knows the property prices in Kingbourne. 
“I owe my wife an apology. I’m a bastard for cheating on her behind her back. However, Phoebe was the one initiating the affair, and I gave in to her temptation. I suspect she has more than one top supporter. 
1 
“She might have gathered everyone in a group to learn our preferences. That way, she can easily toy with 
us. 
“Therefore, I hereby call out to the relevant departments for an Investigation. A pest like her must be eliminated from the online community! 
###chapter1100
Chapter 1100 They Deserve the Panelment 
Begal to Not My Name added. 1 odasil I have done the wring thing fo expose my roman. 18 congovato with a wste to request reimbursement from Phoebe Toyd The sum will he consequently donated for Project Hope and Ms Judith Zachman 
Upen reading the comment, the netizens were left dumbfounded by an unfamiliar name. Though they were confused by the mention of Judith, they soon discovered that she was the original author of “Listen to the Sound” and the main figure in the whole incident. 
“This world is full of mysteries. That top supporter does have a way to get back at Phoebe.” 
1 second that Turns out Phoebe has a history of breaking up marriageal” 
While the netizens expressed their scorn, Phoebe was deranged. She couldn’t fathom why Brent would speak up for Judith and demand a reimbursement. 
“What’s the matter, Phoebe? Is everything alright?” Madeline asked worriedly, 
Overwhelmed by the sudden turn of events, Phoebe burst into tears. “Oh, what should I do now, Mom?” “Stop responding to the comments and come home quickly. Remember, your family will always have your back,” Madeline gently comforted her daughter. However, she failed to recognize the adversity of the situation. 
The nature of the incident changed when Brent personally disclosed the truth with further evidence. 
Though prostitution was a crime, Brent had no choice but to confess. It was far better to own up to his actions rather than have the netizens uncover his identity. Worst of all, the authorities might look into his background as well. 
His family fell into chaos after the revelation. At that moment, Brent was sitting across from his wife, whose intimidating presence terrified him that he didn’t even dare to breathe aloud. He sincerely regretted not heeding Wynter’s advice and swiftly severing ties with his lovers, 
That said, he couldn’t help feeling aggrieved by the sudden turn of events. He had originally promised to end things with Phoebe, but he was a step too slow. 
Just then, his wife rose from her seat and gazed at him coldly. “You better keep reminding yourself of today’s incident. Go and turn yourself in to the police. I’ll handle any questions from the family. But if there’s a next time-” 
“There won’t be a next time! I swear!” Brent, who actually hailed from the Winston family, hurriedly promised. 
Instead of responding to him, his wife turned to her phone and sent a message to Wynter. “He’s finally settled down after this incident. I can’t thank you enough, Sevie.” 
Wynter glanced through the message as her fingers swiped across her phone. In addition to Phoebe, she intended to give Jaxon a taste of his own medicine. 
Wynter swiftly uploaded the videos about Jaxon online. The footage captured scenes in various locations -the hotel lobby, the neighborhood, the cafe, and the moment he shouted at Janessa. Though Wynter had kindly blurred his face, he was still recognizable. 
Once the video was posted, Jaxon’s company was swarmed with complaints. The netizens reported Jaxon using his real name and demanded an investigation. They also commented under the company’s main account. 
“Jaxon is so despicable! He made a name for himself by stealing his wife’s work. Yet, he dares to belittle her at home. The whole Martinez family is rotten to the core!” 
“But his daughter looks so pitiful in that scene.” 
“Let’s not forget how she talked back to her mother. Behind her pitiful face, there must be her hateful deeds.” 
“I wonder why the company would allow someone as despicable as Jaxon to work there?” ” 
Unable to withstand the harsh criticism, Jaxon’s superior ordered a background check on Jaxon. While most of the netizens were busy condemning Jaxon, some offered words of comfort to Judith. 
“Stay strong, Judith! We’re all eager to hear from the original author of the book.” 
“No housewife is to blame. The ones at fault are cheating men and their mistresses!” 
In particular, one comment wrote, “After watching the video, I realized you’ve been oppressed for too long. Your talent deserves to be seen. In fact, I shared a similar experience but lacked the courage to brave it out. 
“I sincerely hope you can live your life on behalf of women like us. May everyone remain loyal and loving, both to themselves and others. Regards, a fellow housewife.” 
###chapter1101
Chapter 1101 Discovering the Thith 
“Don’t talk yet. Have a sip of water.” Wynter observed him for a while and withdrew the needle when she saw he was fine. 
Georgia, who was still making a fuss at the time, was shocked. Her face was full of astonishment. “M–Ms. Wynter?” 
? ? ? ? 
She knew who had cured her husband’s illness. His illness was in the late stages, and everything was prepared at home. 
But her husband was stubborn and wanted to travel around again before he passed away. So, he took his medicine and left, leaving her feeling like the sky was falling. 
Without her husband at home, no one else would pay any attention to her and her son. 
When Haddon returned, his illness had miraculously improved. He was also completely cured after taking medicinal herbs for three months after that. 
When Georgia asked him what was going on, he told her that he had met a genius doctor who was good at identifying cultural relics. He called her Ms. Wynter. 
At that time, she thought that if she met Wynter, she would be very grateful to her. Because of her, the Martinez family could go on. 
Georgia never expected that the genius doctor was the Quinnell family’s seventh daughter who was brought home. 
She was confused and did not know what expression to show. 
With only a glance at Georgia, Wynter helped Haddon sit up and calmed him down. 
Haddon was embarrassed. “My family is in such a mess right now. And that shameless son of mine, he is simply-” 
Chapter 1102 Hades Decision 
Chapter 1102 Haddon’s mon theme the cut with us use had fun the son always talking about 
Me than a las offering the conquers of how her as are all keeping quer 
The tree pupela tagline we the Marthier family 
George was to spy that the called for an ambulance and waited for her husband to give her justice The mergers did not know what to say to her except to tell her to know her boundaries 
beampte addon learned about this matter too late, and it was his students who told him about the 
When Nad on learned of the ins and outs of the matter, he was livid 
drapping himself on the table with one hand, he took a deep breath and said, “Bastard. What a bastard! 
Without saying another word, Haddon rode his bike home. 
When Georgia saw him coming, she wanted to complain and criticize Judith. 
oing this just because I’m at the university all the time.” Haddon’s hands were shaking with anger. 
He continued, “Go and apologize to Judith. Not only you but the bastard, too. Tell him to get his ass back here. The Martinez family has been devoted to cultural relics for generations. How could I have such a 
Haddon’s vision turned black. Clutching his chest, he was about to fall backward when a figure caught hen just in time. 
It was Wynter, and Judith was following behind her. When Georgia saw them, her expression changed. 
What she hated the most now was the culprit who turned the Martinez family into a target of scorn. Her son even lost his job because of them. 
“How dare you still come? I’ll tear you apart.” Georgia bared her teeth and wanted to rush forward to claw 
them 
When Dalton saw the situation, his eyes shifted slightly, and Georgia seemed to be pushed by an invisible 
force 
She fell heavily to the ground, stunned for a moment. Then, she started slapping her legs and making a huge fuss. 
Wynter ignored her and got Haddon to lie down flat. She inserted the silver needle into the acupuncture 
point at his fingertip, and the effect was quick. 
Haddon was obviously suffering an attack from an old illness. After he had recovered a little, he call
###chapter1102
Chapter 1102 Haddon’s Decision 
“I know. I’m the one who did it,” Wynter did not hide anything. “I now have an idea about the things you showed me earlier.” 
Haddon was dumbfounded for a moment, then he sighed and said, “Ms. Wynter, you did the right thing. That son of mine is a bastard. 
“I didn’t think that he would turn into someone without any family responsibility. He went so far as to snatch the honor that rightfully belonged to Judith. 
“I’m so ashamed that the Martinez family has such a descendant that I won’t be able to face our ancestors.” 
1 
“I don’t think it’s a coincidence.” While speaking, Wynter took out the things that Haddon had left with her earlier. “The tension on these and your family is gone.” 
The look in Wynter’s eyes was mild. “But now, you have to make a decision. Let Jaxon honestly apologize to Judith and officially return the novel’s copyright to her. 
“Besides that, he should admit that he cheated on her during their marriage, recover their common property, and then divorce peacefully.” 
When Georgia heard this, she wanted to jump up and throw another tantrum. 
But Wynter glanced over to her and said, “I will leave a way out for the Martinez family, but there is one other thing, Mr. Martinez. You need to keep an eye on Georgia, or else the Martinez family will collapse in less than half a year.” 
Before realizing that Wynter was the genius doctor, Georgia wanted to shout at her. But now, she no longer dared to do it. 
Moreover, Jaxon’s previous behavior left her bitterly disappointed. She gasped for breath a little as she realized how much she had done for him. 
She would forget about it and just let them get a divorce. 
Georgia stood up and walked to Judith. With a choked voice, she said, “The Martinez family has wronged you for many years. 
“I will not stop you if you want a divorce. I am sorry, and I will not bother you again in the future.” 
Then, turning to her husband, she said, “I am old and confused, and I messed up.” 
Haddon did not reply but remained quiet and seemed to be contemplating. 
Finally, he raised his head and looked at Wynter. “My wife has a lot of shortcomings. She is shortsighted and shallow. She only likes the rich but hates the poor. After so many years, it would be difficult for her to change.” 
“Ms. Wynter,” said Haddon, then turned his head, and his gaze fell upon Judith. “Judith, as the head of the family, I am also responsible for what happened to this family. 
Chapter 1102 Haddons Decision 
2/2 
“Don’t worry. If that bastard does not apologize and give back everything to you, as his father, I will skin 
him alive. 
“I am grateful for the contributions that you have made to the Martinez family all these years.” 
Judith could not bear to see him like this. “Haddon, don’t be like this.” 
*Judith, the fault lies with the Martinez family, and I apologize to you.” Haddon bowed. “Allow me to be conceited for one more time. 
“Georgia is at fault, but she is old. I will bring her with me wherever I go next time, and I won’t let her bother you again.” 
Judith held him and said, “Haddon, this matter has always been between Jaxon and me. I know the difference between a son and a daughter–in–law, and this matter has nothing to do with Georgia.” 
Georgia had not liked her even before she married Jaxon. She was too naive at the time and believed whatever Jaxon told her. 
She thought that Georgia would accept her if she did more. But like all the relationships between mother- in–law and daughter–in–law in the world, it would simply never change. 
She had to pay for her own mistake. 
Besides, Haddon had always been a good person. Though not a saint, Judith had never wanted to make things difficult for him. 
“Thank you.” Haddon kept thanking her. 
###chapter1103
Chapter 1103 Everything Seems Settled 
Chapter 1103 Everything Seems Settled 
Georgia stood by Haddon’s side with tears in her eyes. She thought that after this incident, he would not want her anymore. 
After all, she came from a small town, and he could divorce her at any time. In fact, Georgia was insecure, and that was why she caused things to turn out this way. 
It was her lack of love, insecurity, constant self–worth reflection, and feeling of inferiority that led her to 
raise Jaxon like this. 
When Judith saw the change in Georgia, though she could not forgive her, she did not intend to make things difficult for her since she was a woman, too. 
She had been avenged. Wynter had shown her that there was justice in the world, and that was enough. 
After this, she would walk her own path. From then on, she would have nothing to do with the Martinez family. 
Everything was settled, and Wynter should be happy, but something was still bothering her. 
Sebastian did as he mentioned before and handed his business card to Haddon. “Mr. Martinez, I am now 
Ms. Zachman’s attorney. 
“If Jaxon wants to go through legal procedures to end 
this marriage, he can call me. My client needs to 
take care of herself, and it is unsuitable for her to continue dealing with this matter.” 
“Even without going through the legal process, I will pressure him to dutifully divorce Judith.” Haddon’s 
eyes grew misty. 
He added, “He has hindered Judith. Once she leaves him, she will have a better life. You can be assured 
that the Martinez family will give her what she’deserves.” 
It was not surprising that he would say that, but what was surprising was that Georgia, who was standing by his side, also nodded. 
The sun was setting. The image of two elderly people standing together gave Sebastian an indescribable 
feeling. 
When sending Judith to the hospital, he couldn’t help but say, “It is a wonder that Mr. and Mrs. Martinez 
Senior could become husband and wife. They are so different, and their values are so contrasting.” 
“Haddon is like this. Even if his wife does something wrong, he will not abandon her.” 
Judith looked at the figures behind her. Georgia was indeed old, and she bowed to support Haddon. 
Haddon was still angry, and it was obvious that he did not want to talk to Georgia. 
In similar situations in the past, Georgia would have definitely yelled. This time, 
she hung her head and cried, and Haddon seemed to sigh. 
Judith could hear Georgia say that she was wrong and had been wrong for so many years. 
Chapter 1103 Everything Seems Settled 
Everything seemed to drift away with the wind. 
2/2 
Wynter was also watching. Though she did not understand it, she respected it. “They’re old companions. 
“We all hope to have someone by our side in our later years. She’s not a good mother–in–law, and she’s 
even rather malicious, but she can do a lot for Mr. Martinez. So be it.” 
Wynter looked at Judith, who did not have any ion and had the same view. Right now, she was mainly targeting Jaxon. 
Dalton, who had been keeping quiet until now, said, “Do you want to leave Mr. Martinez with something?” 
He was speaking to Wynter, and his voice was deep and pleasing to the ears. 
Wynter laid her cards on the table. “As expected, I can’t hide anything from you. 
“I still feel like I was too impulsive this time, and it felt as if I had been taken advantage of. Although we are dealing with Jaxon, in reality, we are dealing with Mr. Martinez instead. 
“Mr. Martinez has made a lot of sacrifices throughout his life to retrieve the cultural relics that belong to our country. His illness is a result of excavating graves all the time. 
“As long as he is around, the world will still acknowledge that some of these things are ours.” 
Chapter 1104 More to it Than Meets the 
###chapter1104
Chapter 1104 More to It Than Meets the Eye 
“Everything is all too coincidental. There’s the matter of the things that kept appearing at his place, as well as the sigil that’s missing.” 
What Wynter said was incomprehensible to others, but Dalton understood it. “You suspect that this is a set–up, and someone is plotting against you.” 
“It isn’t aimed at me only because they also used the same method to deal with the Quinnell family. They 
also started with a son that didn’t have much accomplishment.” 
Wynter lowered her voice. “If not for my Grandpa’s strength, my older brothers would become like Janessa. Seeing how similar Jaxon and Shane are, despite the difference in their ages, they could be poker buddies.” 
When Dalton heard her words, he couldn’t help but raise the corner of his mouth. The clues would still 
give them some prompts. 
“You really need to think about it carefully. I think there is no problem here. Do you want Wolf to come back and screen it? It will be a bit troublesome since he is at Mt. Dragon and hasn’t recovered yet.” 
For some reason, it always felt like Mt. Dragon was taking the blame. 
Speaking of Wolf, Wynter had an idea. “There’s no need for Wolf because I have someone here that I can 
use 
As she said this, she looked at Whitley, who had been studying Dalton the whole time. 
Dalton’s scent was too familiar, as if he had smelled it a long, long time ago. No matter how he looked, he 
could not figure out what the other really was. 
Other than the overwhelming resentful energy on his body, Dalton also had countless cumbersome Fankrit inscriptions entangled in them. 
He, as a Savior, could not help but get close. Yet, at the same time, he felt that Dalton was dangerous. 
Whitley wanted to remind Wynter, who was also his current boss, to stay away from Dalton. 
Who knew that right from the start, when the two met, there was a kind of closeness that could not fit 
another person? 
Now his boss remembered him. 
Whitley shook his head and walked closer. He seemed to remember something, so he asked Dalton, 
Have we met before?” 
“Yes, we have met.” 
Dalton did not avoid his gaze. Instead, he met his intense black eyes directly, the corners of his mouth curling up slightly. His demeanor was neither cold nor 
indifferent, and he exuded a strong presence. 
“It was at Southdale Alley. You were taken in as a subordinate by my fiancée, but why didn’t I see you 
Chapter 1104 More to It Than Meets the Eye 
reporting for duty the next day?” 
Whitley thought to himself that this was not what he was talking about. 
2/2 
But when he met Dalton’s gaze, a cold sweat unexpectedly broke out over his back. He didn’t know how to describe the feeling, but he knew that he could not ask any more questions. 
Turning to Wynter, he said, “I can take a look at the others, and there are also doubts about Phoebe.” 
This person, whose popularity skyrocketed on the internet, brought about a lot of confusion. 
Wynter thought about the previous formation again and what the method of selecting people was. It should not be as simple as forgetting history. 
This made her frown. 
Just as Phoebe was trying to incite the people online, Wynter felt the formation’s presence. 
She did not think that this was a good sign. Once the Earthbound Formation was unbound, evil would increase ten or even a hundredfold. 
The videos that people normally swipe through and the texts that they read were full of sensory 
stimulants. 
It was easier for adults to regulate themselves, but it could have a deep influence on minors. 
Nowadays, criminals were getting younger and younger because of this. 
There was an issue with Phoebe. Since this matter was treated as a normal intervention, there could be 
trouble later. 
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running 
###chapter1105
Chapter 1105 Dalton’s Premonition 
“Follow me to the underground garage.” Wynter’s words were clear and concise, and she did not name. 
anyone. 
Dalton was very self–conscious, and he didn’t feel comfortable with someone who had resentful energy 
over his body. 
Sometimes, she might be quite forgetful. He had told her before not to save others like this, but she never 
listened. 
Instead, she was happily looking for boy toys. Dalton actually did not care about others and was here only because he had a bad feeling. 
By the time Sebastian turned back, the two were gone. 
Dalton had really opened his eyes. Wherever Wynter went, he would follow. This was a far cry from the 
person he once was, and there was a hint of unattainable beauty. 
Jaxon had collapsed in the garage. His phone was ringing incessantly, and most of his information had been exposed. The kicker was that Phoebe had actually been playing him all along. 
He was completely cuckolded, and Jaxon had never regretted it as much as he did now. He had 
a family that everyone envied, yet it was ruined by this temptress, 
When he got to the car, Jaxon yanked Phoebe out with great strength. “You bitch!” 
Phoebe, who was on the phone, felt her scalp hurting. She grabbed him and screamed, “Jaxon, are you 
crazy? How dare you hit me? My parents are lawyers.” 
“Lawyers? Ha! Even someone from a lawyer’s family is out to prostitute themselves. Don’t think that I do 
not know your plan. 
“You want to push all the responsibilities on me so that I can bear all the criticism for you. I’m telling you, 
Phoebe, don’t even think about it.” 
Jaxon was indeed crazy. He was a gentleman before, but now that he was exposed, he turned violent. 
Phoebe crawled forward, and Madeline could be heard screaming from the phone in her hands. “Don’t 
you dare hurt my daughter!” 
Jaxon didn’t care. “I no longer have a life anyway. This daughter of yours 
is a scourge, so she might as well go to hell with me.” 
Phoebe was truly scared. She had suffered aggravation online and never thought that Jaxon would treat 
her like this. He looked like he wanted to kill her with his bare hands. 
Phoebe frantically scrambled forward. “Is there anyone there? Help! Help!” 
She was so scared that her legs were weak, and her handphone was flung to the ground. 
Chapter 1105 Dalton’s Premonition 
Madeline had originally planned for Phoebe to return to Hawford. As long as the online situation passed, the public would be more quiet. 
No matter who bullied her precious daughter in this manner, she would make them pay twice as much. In 
Madeline’s eyes, Phoebe was young and had only made a small mistake. 
The other person had exposed her daughter’s privacy. Even the college called, saying that the incident 
this time had a detrimental effect and they were prepared to kick Phoebe out. 
Madeline turned pale when she heard the news. 
It did not matter that Phoebe could not go to college since she could send her abroad. But to have her sent back was a total embarrassment to her. She would never allow this to happen. 
Madeline had already planned her next step, but she never expected that her daughter’s lover would lose 
control of his emotions to such an extent. 
Listening to the screams on the other side of the phone, Madeline was so panicked that people passing by were looking at her. 
She held her phone and, in a trembling voice, said, “Is that Jaxon? I know you can hear me.” 
###chapter1106
Chapter 1106 Phoebe Gets Caught 
“If you let my daughter go, I’ll give you as much money as you want. What’s more, the matter has not reached the point of no return. 
*The person who posted your information online still hasn’t been found. They are the real culprits, so it’s not worth it for you to vent your anger on my daughter.” 
“Why won’t it be worth it?” Jaxon was like all other men. “She seduced me first. If she hadn’t stuck to me, how could I have gotten into such a mess with my wife? 
“I flattered her and spent so much money on her, thinking that she was pure and innocent. Who knew that she was such a slut?” 
Madeline’s eyes reddened. “I will not allow you to say that about my daughter.” 
“You won’t allow it? Ha!” Jaxon stomped on Phoebe’s leg. “What’s the use of not allowing it? Take a look at the information on the internet. The Boyd family and the Hawford elites are all so rotten.” 
Phoebe was in so much pain that she nearly fainted, breaking out in a cold sweat. Madeline felt helpless on the other end of the line. 
The Boyd family claimed to be elite, but they always used their family background and advantage to help Phoebe cover up her crimes. The person who was victimized even lost the lawsuit and had not recovered yet. 
The Boyds had become accustomed to all these, especially Madeline, who did not think that Phoebe was at fault at all. 
Now, she would not let the Martinez family off because of Jaxon’s actions. 
Not being able to tolerate anyone saying anything bad about the Boyds, Madeline made a police report. 
She was indeed worried about Phoebe, but she was more concerned about their reputation. 
Phoebe looked at Jaxon as if she was looking at a demon. It reminded her of when she traveled back in time. 
She was treated as a traitor because she wore a traditional Foplyanese outfit. The people online were the same, each one attacking her. 
What had she done wrong? Her only mistake was being on the same level as a low–class person. 
Phoebe thought resolutely that when she got out, she would deal with not only Judith but also the Martinez family. Jaxon shouldn’t think that he would be safe after hitting her. 
But the most important thing now was to stay alive. 
Phoebe bent forward. “I was wrong, Jaxon. I will clarify the online situation and say that I seduced you. This way, you will still have hope.” 
Jaxon stopped, as if thinking over Phoebe’s words. “Don’t play tricks anymore. 
Chapter 1106 Phoebe Gets Caught 
2/2 
Phoebe nodded, and when she got her phone, she hit Jaxon hard with it. Jaxon held his head and cursed 
at her. 
Phoebe knew that if she was caught again this time, she would be doomed. She desperately ran in the 
direction of the moving cars. 
When a figure appeared, her eyes lit up visibly. “Help! Someone wants to kill me!” 
She grabbed the person’s arms, and when she raised her eyes again, she suddenly paused. “It’s you.” 
At that moment, she could not tell whether she was in the previous era or the present world. 
Why? Why was that person 
here? 
In that instant, Phoebe thought of a lot of possibilities. Her eyes were spinning, and her mind was full of 
thoughts. 
For such a person to appear in the present world, would she not attract a lot of attention? 
“The beating was quite intense.” Wynter glanced at her. 
Phoebe did not know her identity yet, so she started telling lies. “I met a pervert. Miss, please save me.” 
She did not know Wynter, but Jaxon, who chased after her, did. 
He stopped abruptly. His eyes widened, and his face turned extremely pale. 
###chapter1107
Chapter 1107 Covert Dealings 
Wynter’s voice was calm. “Weren’t you in love before? How could he turn into a pervert in the blink of an eye?” 
After hearing this, Phoebe froze and looked at her in disbelief. “You–How could you- 
“My surname is Quinnell,” Wynter suddenly introduced herself. “I am in charge of Judith’s affairs.” 
Phoebe started shaking when she heard Wynter’s words. 
It was her. She turned out to be Wynter Quinnell, whose rumors had been circulating in their circle recently. 
For a moment, she almost lost her breath as she recalled all Wynter’s actions in the past. Now, she said that she was handling Judith’s affairs. 
Phoebe had seen what Wynter was capable of and wondered how Judith knew someone who could even fly an annihilator aircraft. 
“It was you who exposed the matter between Jaxon and me.” 
Phoebe seemed to have figured it out. With her eyes on Wynter, she took a step backward. 
Before she met Wynter, she was thinking about revenge. But now, she only felt fear deep within. 
She could not forget what Wynter had done in the other world, and it seemed like she was not human. 
Wynter neither admitted nor denied it because obviously, the Boyds had a backup plan. She did not intend to let them use it. 
Being a mistress was against morals, but the covert dealings within the group were evidently not. 
Wynter looked at the group messages again. There were some code words on the screen that had to be deciphered by Phoebe, 
She suspected that Phoebe was not simply hooking up with men, as there was also some information on 12 to 13–year–old children. 
Wynter’s eyes darkened. 
“Are you still in contact with the Boyd family?” she asked, noticing Phoebe’s phone screen. “The Boyd family deserves a visit from me.” 
Phoebe immediately switched off her phone because she was worried that her family would become Wynter’s target. 
“This is the real world, so don’t be lawless!” 
Wynter smiled when she heard that. “Ms. Boyd, what are you talking about? It’s just a visit.” 
While saying that, her gaze shifted to Jaxon. “As for you, you are guilty of intentionally harming others. Hitting your mistress also counts as assault. Someone will be here shortly to escort you to the lockup. 
Chapter 1107 Covert Dealings 
2/2 
“I am warning you of one thing. Do not shift the responsibility for your own mistakes to Mr. Martinez. 
Otherwise, it won’t be as simple as losing your job.” 
Hearing this, Jaxon seemed to grasp a glimmer of hope. “You know my father. Ms. Quinnell, I know that 
the relationship between our families is good. 
“My father has only one son, so I beg of you to help me for his sake. I admit I was wrong, so don’t let Judith divorce me. I will listen to her on everything regarding the family from now on. 
“And there’s also the matter of the internet. You are so popular online, so you can speak for me because 
that bitch seduced me. You heard it earlier, too. 
“I cannot go to jail. If I do, my whole life will be ruined.” 
Jaxon had great social skills, and he felt settled after listening to what Wynter said. His father had many students, so Wynter might be one of them. 
It had to be said that Madeline and Jaxon had the same mindset. 
Wynter raised her brows as she saw the Special Unit approaching. 
Jaxon was still talking. “Ms. Quinnell, think of the relationship between our two families. Things don’t need to escalate like this. I realize my mistake now, and I will surely change. 
“If I’m arrested, who will take care of my father in the later part of his life? Moreover, his reputation will be 
ruined.” 
###chapter1108
Chapter 1108 Angry With the Quinnells 
Wynter looked at the team leader, Intentionally or otherwise, and said, “The punishment should be severe.” 
The team leader had wanted to say, “Yes, boss,” but saw that something was off as Phoebe was looking 
at them. 
The main thing was that Dalton was there, as well as Whitley, whom Wynter had saved at the square. 
Impassively, the team leader pulled Jaxon up and also brought Phoebe into their car with them. 
According to Wynter, there were other clues about Phoebe that they needed to investigate. 
From beginning to end, Wynter was like a passerby who was cooperating in the operation. 
No matter how Jaxon cried out, it was useless. 
Phoebe said that she wanted a lawyer and that before her lawyer arrived, she would not say a word. This was what Madeline had taught her from a young age. 
However, the Special Unit would not follow the normal routine. 
Jaxon was sent to general detention, while Phoebe was sent for an airtight investigation. 
Madeline hung up the phone, feeling anxious. She 
was worried that something would happen to Phoebe, but she was even more afraid that Phoebe’s mistake would drag the Boyds down with her. 
Madeline used her connections to get others to make inquiries for her, All she knew was that her 
daughter was not in any life–threatening situation, but she could not get any other information. 
Her partner at a Kingbourne law firm advised her, “I heard that Ms. Quinnell is involved in this matter, so 
don’t use your previous method. 
“If it were at Hawford, then the Boyd family would have a say. But at Kingbourne, the Quinnell family is at 
their peak, and no one could match them. Just forget it.” 
“Forget it?” Madeline clenched her fists. “You have no idea how badly my daughter is being berated online! They say that she is prostituting herself. What will they think of the Boyd family?” 
“Calm down, Madeline. I understand how you feel now, but you need to consider reality. One young lady may not be a big deal, but she has the Quinnell family behind her. 
“Moreover, the Quinnell family’s scions are no pushovers. You know Sebastian too, and in our circle, no one can defeat him.” 
The other person lowered their voice and said, “Matters regarding Phoebe are not that simple. You can try to use the Boyds‘ connections to dig around. Maybe you will find something.
” 
Madeline’s eyes darkened. “No way. I can’t let them know.” 
If she did that, the Boyds, would question whether she was a good mother. 
“I really don’t have any other option since everyone starts evading the topic when they hear about it. It’s 
Chapter 1108 Angry With the Quinnells 
best not to offend Ms. Quinnell. I’m hanging up now.” 
22/2 
Madeline looked at the online comments and found that some people wanted to expose the Boyd family. 
Fortunately, the social order was in place. The Boyd family had not come out to the public yet. 
Madeline would not be foolish enough to acknowledge her daughter online. All the people online knew was that she came from a family of lawyers who were famous in Hawford. 
She had already paid money for the news, saying that Phoebe was falsifying matters. 
The Boyds were saved, but Phoebe- 
Madeline paced up and down the stairs, feeling so fretful that she felt like smoking. 
“The Quinnells. The in–laws that the Whitman family did not want anymore.” 
Madeline’s eyes grew cold as she remembered that she had heard before that Marie was returning to 
Hawford. 
She would not sit idly by since the Quinnells had gotten Phoebe into such a state. 
Weren’t the Quinnells at their peak at Kingbourne, and no one could mess with them? When they got to Hawford, she would let them have a taste of what she was feeling now. 
Madeline put out her cigarette and made a phone call. “Where is the invitation from the Whitmans? I need 
it.” 
###chapter1109
Chapter 1109 Buyers and Sellers 
At that time, Madeline did not realize that Phoebe’s mistake was not as simple as she thought. 
The code words in the fan group and the buyers behind them were intricately Intertwined. 
Most people would not be able to see it, but Wynter created the Dark Web, so she was particularly sensitive to certain words. 
From the 
the start, Phoebe denied that there was anything wrong with the group. 
“The men wanted to support me, so I couldn’t refuse.” 
Phoebe was confident because she had the Boyds behind her. 
The investigator followed Wynter’s words and took out the group chat records. Pointing to the dolls labeled with numbers, he asked, “What does 13–year–old mean?” 
Phoebe’s eyes shifted slightly. “I like to assign ages to dolls.” 
“Do you like them so much that you assign blood types to them, too?” The investigator sounded cold. “If not for the photo stuck to the back of this doll, we might have been deceived by you. 
“All these commodities are not dolls, but people. Where are they now?” 
Hearing this, Phoebe’s expression changed, and she said, “I refuse to answer the question. I want to wait until my lawyer is here.” 
“You don’t have to wait for your lawyer any longer.” 
No longer beating around the bush with her anymore, Wynter pushed open the door and entered. 
“Not only your lawyer, but even the Boyd family will not dare to ball you out.” 
Phoebe stared at her with rounded eyes. 
Wynter put down the sugilite pendant in her hand. “What? Does it not seem like I am a public servant?” 
Phoebe had that reaction because she was still planning to report Wynter. She was responsible for the online business. How could the relevant department tolerate the way she did things? 
It could be said that that was the extent of Phoebe’s knowledge. She did not know about the Special Unit’s existence, let alone that some geniuses or those with meritorious deeds were protected in terms of Information. 
Wynter propped her hands on the table and lowered her body. Her tear mole became more visible at that 
moment. 
“Between you and their reputation and connections, which do you think matter to them more?” 
When she heard this, Phoebe clenched her fists. 
Wynter sat down. “The Boyds could be wishing that you would vanish. After all, you are their greatest 
Chapter 1109 Buyers and Sellers 
humiliation now.” 
“You!” Phoebe gritted her teeth but was unable to refute. 
If she could find a way to deal with those online matters, everything would be as before. 
Now, Phoebe dared not think about the consequences after she got back. 
Wynter’s voice was mild. “If you still want a way out, tell me the buyer’s information and transaction 
method.” 
“I really don’t know.” Phoebe raised her reddened eyes. “I am only an influencer. 
22 
“Someone approached me and told me that they had a batch of goods that they wanted me to market. They asked whether I would accept it. 
“Anyone who has sold anything online knows that as long as the merchants are willing to pay, we will 
accept. 
“In the beginning, I didn’t realize that it was this kind of commodity supply. Because at the time, I only received various numbers. 
“I only realized that there was something unusual when I saw the remittance, so I asked the sellers. 
“They said that those girls were willing and that they wanted to know rich older men. Both were willing participants, and I was their go–between.” 
Phoebe felt aggrieved when she said this. “I cannot offend those men, as they are all powerful and influential bosses.” 
“Only you would believe those words of yours.” Wynter’s eyes darkened. “You.are from the Boyd family, though you’re not favored. What kind of people are powerful and influential to you?” 
###chapter1110
Chapter 1110 What a Pity 
Because there were lies in her words, Phoebe’s eyes kept darting around. 
Wynter chuckled. Picking up her sugilite pendant, she was going to leave. 
Phoebe knew that if Wynter left, she would be doomed. 
“Some people made their fortunes early and occasionally went to Hawford and Halsbury. Many have businesses abroad and are real capitals!” she shouted. “They want people. 
“You know that some men are obsessed with those in this age group. And they prefer someone from our country rather than those from overseas.” 
After saying this out loud, Phoebe subconsciously looked at the camera, as if she were worried about something. 
Seeing this, Wynter stopped and shifted her gaze to Phoebe. 
Phoebe no longer dared to lie. “They have not only been looking for me but also other online streamers. It is said that one of them is a top streamer. 
“Other than businesses, they are also bankers. As you can see, I have only been selected by them recently, so I know very little about them. 
“Besides the supply they gave me, some new people from the outskirts also joined. After so long, I have only seen money and nothing else.” 
Wynter raised her eyes and asked
, “Did you really not see anything else?” 
Phoebe’s eyes flashed. “I really didn’t.” 
Wynter did not believe it, but all the same, she knew that she would not get much more no matter how 
deep she dug. 
There were not many people that the Boyd family would fear. 
Phoebe was reacting this way because she must have accidentally seen one of the buyers, and the 
buyer’s identity was exceptional. 
What worried Wynter was that they did not look for Phoebe alone, and there were many people involved 
behind it. 
On the internet, how many were demons hiding under human skin? 
This was not easy to investigate. What was trickier was that the other party was not just a single person. The buyers were in batches, and there were not many clues about the sellers at the moment. 
Wynter did have data from a survey report, stating that minors these days were Influenced by the internet Their values were more inclined toward money, intending to acquire a backer. 
But she didn’t believe everything that Phoebe had said. 
Chapter 1110 What a Pity 
The data that Wynter obtained after restoring the chat records was for seven to 13–year–olds. The dolls were just a cover story, while each doll actually represented a little girl in that age group. 
There could not be that many girls who were willing, but the sellers seemed to have a constant supply. 
This gave Wynter an inexplicably familiar feeling. Was it just to satisfy selfish desires? 
Wynter always thought that there was more, but she could not put her finger on what was strange about it. 
When she emerged from the investigation room, she used her Special Unit leader privileges for the first 
time. 
In the past, everyone bought information on the Dark Web. For certain things, it would be easier for her to 
investigate. 
However, the other party avoided the Dark Web and opted to use influencers as their distributors. 
At this point, this case’s difficulty was undoubtedly increasing. 
Wynter’s eyes darkened when she thought of this. It seemed that she would have to use her own account. This way, she would be able to get in touch with multi–channel network organizations. 
The matter with the Martinez family seemed to be over, but it raised even more suspicions. 
Until now, Wynter did not know who the sigil was on. 
She was still worried about this. The first thing she did after walking out of the interrogation room was to 
call Haddon. 
‘Things at my end? Everything is normal over here. The impact? Of course, there will be some, but it is because I didn’t educate my son well. So, I deserve it.” 
###chapter1111
Chapter 1111 Family Upbringing 
Haddon’s voice had regained its usual vigor. “This is for the best. My wife and I have discussed it. Wherever I go, she’ll follow. 
“She has certain ingrained beliefs that are hard to change overnight. In her era, a husband was the universe, while sons were a woman’s everything. 
“I’m not making excuses for her. She was indeed in the wrong. But I’m confident she’ll listen if I give her a sense of security and patiently explain certain things that shouldn’t be done. The only difficult one is my granddaughter, 
Haddon paused, his expression troubled. ‘I’m not afraid to admit it to you, but I can’t communicate with her. However, I’m clear that it’s not her fault. 
“She was raised this way. I, her grandmother, her father, and even Judith all share the responsibility.” 
Haddon’s words were true. Family upbringing was a complex matter. 
admit 
“The primary responsibility lies with me,” Haddon admitted, as he always did. “I was only concerned with antiques, never giving a thought to worldly matters. 
“I also neglected my family too much. I know some ingrained habits and values are hard to change, but I want to try my best.” 
As Haddon spoke, he seemed to have come to terms with the situation. “Thank goodness you’re handling this matter. I know you’ve left me an out. I’m not blind, and there’s nothing amiss here at home. 
“I’m thinking of moving in a few days, to a different environment. It’ll be better for the child.” 
Wynton hesitated upon hearing Haddon’s words. Generally speaking, she would have given up on such a 
child. 
Once people formed their set values, it was difficult to change them. They would be ingrained in their very 
being. 
However, love could conquer all. Wynter hoped that some intangible cultural heritage would survive and 
Haddon’s spirit would remain. 
Everything was back to normal in the Martinez family. But what about the sigil? 
Wynter’s mind was overloaded with information. She reached for a piece of paper and began to write 
down the events she had encountered. 
Initially, she was just helping a granny open a clinic. Then, she crossed paths with the Gibson family. Next came the human trafficking village. 
When Wynter returned to Kingbourne, she discovered that the Scotts, the Gibsons, and the human trafficking village were all closely connected. 
Later, there were the wooden doll, the trapped soul, and the college students entering the formation, affecting the real world. 
www 
Chapter 1111 Family Upbringing 
What did ordinary people care about most? Healthcare, education, and eldercare. 
This approach, starting from various aspects, finally led to the Internet. 
Wynter suddenly looked up. She had a hunch, but it seemed a bit far–fetched. 
She needed to consult an expert. If Atwater still wouldn’t come to her, Mt. Dragon should give her an 
answer. 
Meanwhile, Logan had been sitting at the Quinnell residence for who knew how long. He held his teacup with his eyes glazed over. It was a stark contrast to his usual self. 
It was worth noting that Logan had quite the temper. He was a typical thrill–seeker, always up t something exciting, and his girlfriends were a revolving door. 
for 
Albert had never seen him like this. At first, he thought he was Logan still afraid of him like when he was a child. However, it didn’t seem that way. Hence, he called Tobias over. 
Tobias was also puzzled. He put his script aside and looked over. 
“Hey, Logan, what’s with you? This isn’t like you. Don’t think I won’t hit you just because you’re acting like this. I’ve wanted to settle the score with you for what your brother said about my sister.” 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter1112
Chapter 1112 Expanding to Hawford 
Tobias found Logan’s behavior unsettling. Having spent considerable time with Wynter, he’d witnessed her methods of dealing with similar situations. 
“Albert, I think this kid is a bit dangerous,” Tobias warned. 
Albert had been chairing a meeting with a Bluetooth headset in one ear. He was sending clear 
instructions in a deep tone. 
When Tobias arrived, Albert was dismissing the marketing department head. 
“Inform the Boyd family that the Quinnells have always conducted business with sincerity. However, if they’re not interested in cooperation, we’re not limited to them.” 
Since Gordon’s cremation urn was dug out, Albert had harbored plans to expand into Hawford. 
In the past, the Quinnell family had established their roots at Hawford before migrating north. 
Having spent time on Winnow Street, Hawford held a special allure for Albert. As a financier, he saw greater opportunities in the bustling metropolis. 
Moreover, there was an even more compelling reason–the Quinnell Group needed it. 
If anyone had undergone a significant transformation, it was Albert. Initially, he had no desire to take over the company, preferring to forge his own path. 
After meeting Wynter, he grasped a fundamental 
truth–the stronger the Quinnell family was, the better able he was to protect his loved ones. 
As a child, Albert hadn’t fully understood Fabian’s actions. Now, he did. 
Nothing surpassed the Quinnell family’s prosperity. The Quinnells decided to engage in business so that they could leverage their influence and ensure that projects critical to the nation’s prosperity would not be controlled by foreign capital. 
If the Boyd family weren’t interested, he’d find other partners. 
Albert knew Hawford’s business landscape was dynamic, vastly different from Kingbourne’s. However, the Boyds‘ demands were far too unreasonable. They didn’t seem truly interested in a collaboration. 
Realizing he might have interrupted Albert’s meeting, Tobias turned to leave. 
But at that moment, Albert stood up and asked, “Dangerous? Him?” 
“Creepy,” Tobias replied. 
His silver hair made him look both stylish and rebellious. Yet, his words were laced with superstition. 
“He must’ve encountered something supernatural. Wynter said his horoscope is extremely weak, making him susceptible to such entities.” 
Albert had never been one to believe in such things. He furrowed his brow and said, “I’ll go take a look 
Chapter 1112 Expanding to Hawford 
2/2 
“Wynter gave me a coin.” Tobias raised an eyebrow before continuing, “If he really turned evil, just hide 
behind me. 
Albert, clad in his sharp suit, exuded an air of authority. The idea of him cowering behind anyone seemed absurd. Without a word, he strode toward the living room. 
The Quinnells took pride in their hospitality. Hence, they provided a spread of fresh fruits, steaming hot tea, and delectable pastries. 
However, Logan remained motionless. Although his clothes were dry, he gave the impression he’d just emerged from water. 
His eyes darted about in an unsettling manner, and he became increasingly flustered. The housekeepers tried to avoid him. 
Suddenly, Logan spoke in a rough and deep voice that sounded like an echo. 
“Where’s Wynter? Ask her to come out here.” 
Upon hearing these words when he arrived, Albert narrowed his eyes and turned to Tobias. “Where’s your coin?” 
Tobias retrieved a trendy necklace from around his neck. He’d commissioned a designer for the coin. 
“Albert, this is my prized possession. It’s a meeting gift from Wynter. Handle it with care. If it darkens, I’m going to destroy Logan.” 
###chapter1113
Chapter 1113 The Epoch Collection
Sensing a hostile presence, Logan twisted his neck and glared at Tobias. His eyes were fixed on the coin in Tobias hand.
A mix of hatred and fear contorted Logan's face as his fists clenched tightly.
Albert furrowed his brows when he noticed Logan's behavior. Tobias raised an eyebrow, exchanging a knowing glance with his brother.
Albert took the first step.
Logan's face remained rigid, yet a sinister smile tugged at his lips. "Even if it's one of the coins from the Epoch Collection, you need to know how to use it. Do you?"
One of the coins from the Epoch Collection?
Albert realized that Tobias' coin was indeed from the Epoch Collection. Having frequented auction houses, he was well aware of its value.
The coins could command a considerable sum if proven to be authentic and had been blessed.
More importantly, the coin's rarity far outweighed its monetary value. Counterfeits flooded the market, making authentic pieces highly sought after.
The Epoch Collection held immense appeal not only for domestic families but also for foreign clans.
After all, during the Atlantean's zenith, the 'Half-Split Coin", the first of the Epoch Collection, was used by King Thalos, the ruler who unified the country.
To many foreigners, the mention of Cascadian evoked images of a legendary ruler.
Therefore, the Epoch Collection was coveted by most merchants. Their archaeological significance and collectible value were immeasurable. Legend had it that the Epoch Collection possessed past rulers' aura, imbued with their era's prosperity. Hence, it bestowed one the power to ward off evil spirits.
Family lineages, especially those with ancient roots, placed immense value on such artifacts.
Albert was surprised that Wynter had gifted Tobias one of the coins in the Epoch Collection. What puzzled him even more was how Logan could immediately identify the coin in Tobias' possession.
Furthermore, Logan's behavior was increasingly bizarre. He exhibited aggressiveness that was unlike his usual self.
Logan seemed normal when he first entered the room. However, he now looked as though he had been possessed by a spiritual entity.
Maintaining his composure, Albert replied, "What makes you certain we don't know how to use it?"
Logan narrowed his eyes, contemplating Albert's words. His gaze fell upon Tobias.
"He shouldn't be alive. He used some unorthodox methods to escape the underworld guards grasp.
"You couldn't possibly use the Epoch Collection, as you lack any aura of cultivation. Are you trying to deceive me? You're far too inexperienced." Logan's laughter echoed through the room, sending shivers down their spines.
"It seems Wynter isn't here. Otherwise, they wouldn't have waited this long," Logan muttered to himself.
Then, out of nowhere, Logan turned violent. "How dare you question me? Why do you still have a mind of your own? How annoying!"
He raised his hand and slammed it against his head. His unsettling and menacing gaze never left Tobias.
Albert sensed Logan's imminent attack and had deduced his heightened perception. Why was Logan fixated on Tobias?
Albert shifted his position slightly. In that instant, Logan appeared in front of him. He was so close it sent chills down Albert's spine.
"He has the Epoch Collection coin, but not you," Logan said, his eyes darkening with a sinister mist. "Such good energy would be even better in my possession."
With that, Logan raised his hand.
###chapter1114
Chapter 1114 Confusion
Just then, Logan felt a searing pain shoot through his palm. His eyes darted wildly before landing on Tobias, who had thrown the coin.
Tobias was just an ordinary man whose energy was as mediocre as his lifespan. How did he know how to use the Epoch Collection? The darkness in Logan's eyes began to recede rapidly. He was worried that if he didn't retreat, the coin's power would consume him entirely. For years, he had not endured such torment. This was no ordinary borrowing of power. It was an intensity he had never experienced, not even from Mt. Dragon's mediums.
If he delayed his escape any further, he would be reduced to ashes.
The Quinnells were not as simple as they appeared. Even the person he knew best, the seemingly
frivolous entertainer, could wield the Epoch Collection's power.
To utilize the coin's power, one had to be proficient in the art. Tobias was no ordinary man.
The moment the coin was unleashed, Logan felt drained. Behind him, a shadowy mist emerged before dispersing rapidly.
Logan's face was ashen, his eyes rimmed with dark circles. Luckily, his vision had returned. His feet, however, seemed to ooze a dark substance, leaving a trail of wetness wherever he walked.
Gazing at Tobias, Logan's eyes clouded with confusion. "Toby, why are you here, too?"
Tobias was often the life of the party among his peers, hence the occasional address of 'Toby".
"Don't you remember I was here?" Tobias raised an eyebrow, not fully trusting Logan's words. After all, his behavior had been far too erratic.
Logan appeared disoriented. He pressed his hands against his head and swayed back and forth.
"I only remember Wynter telling me to come to the Quinnell residence. She said that I would be better off living here. That's why I came. I remember..." Logan's voice trailed off abruptly.
"I went to the Fenton residence before I came here. I encountered some strange things there."
Before Tobias could inquire further, a voice echoed from the doorway. It was Wynter, who was accompanied by Dalton and a white-haired young man Tobias had never seen before.
Tobias furrowed his brow and asked, "Where's Wolf?"
"He's recuperating at Mt. Dragon," Dalton replied.
As Tobias' biggest patron, Dalton held the power to determine his stage performances and potential collaboration with Rowan. Hence, he didn't pursue the matter further.
Wolf had always been by Wynter's side. Now, there was a new person beside Wynter with white hair that didn't seem dyed. Perhaps, he had albinism.
Tobias didn't have any prejudice against those with such conditions. However, the man seemed to be hesitant to speak up. He seemed underaged, too.
What was it that made him hesitate to speak?
But that wasn't important. For now, the main focus was on Logan's strange behavior.
Upon seeing Wynter, Logan visibly relaxed. The fear in his eyes subsided, yet his voice remained unsteady.
"I saw Mr. Fenton Senior engrossed in smelling candle wax. He leaned in close to the candle like this."
Logan demonstrated, his movements oddly contorted.
"I'm sure of what I saw," he insisted.
###chapter1115
Chapter 1115 The Trap
"Wynter warned me to be careful, given my constitution. So, I didn't expose myself. I pretended not to notice anything.
"If it weren't for Austin being in the bathroom and preventing me from using it, I wouldn't have ventured into the Fenton family's main hall. "It was odd that despite the early hour, the entire Fenton residence was devoid of housekeepers. It was as if they had all been dismissed.
"I was already suspicious at that point. When I emerged from the bathroom, I witnessed that scene."
The image was etched deeply in Logan's mind. He had tiptoed back, his heart pounding in his chest, terrified of being discovered. Upon returning, he inquired about Alijah's recent behavior from Austin.
Austin, engrossed in his video game, replied nonchalantly, "Why would my grandpa act strangely? The old man just wants me to learn from the Quinnells. Do you think I'm cut out for that?
"Oh, and he also mentioned that I should learn from your older brother. Your grandpa knows mine well. What's up with you lately? Why haven't you been home?"
Logan avoided the question, fixated on confirming whether he had witnessed the truth or if his mind was playing tricks on him.
The following day, after receiving Wynter's message, Alijah summoned Logan to the study. Still shaken by the previous night's events, Logan attempted to come up with an excuse to decline.
Suddenly, Alijah put down his cutleries and lifted his gaze. "Logan, did you see something yesterday?"
"No, I didn't!" Logan blurted out in a hasty denial. He didn't know he had fallen for a linguistic trap.
Alijah chuckled, his silver hair and beard contrasting with his unusually grim expression.
"I haven't even mentioned what it is, yet you claim you didn't see it. Did you truly not see it? It seems you did see it," he concluded.
Logan recalled his immediate panic and the urgent request to leave. Fortunately, it was daytime, and everyone was present, allowing him to make his escape.
Next, Logan headed to the Quinnell residence to find Wynter. He could not recall what happened after that.
As Logan concluded his story, Wynter's attention was drawn to the Fenton family and the coin lying on the floor.
"Tobias, did you use the coin I gave you?" she asked.
Tobias saw no issue in his actions. "Wynter, you have no idea what state Logan was in earlier. His voice was coarse and uncharacteristic, and he spoke to Albert in a commanding tone.
"He looked like he was possessed. He kept staring at me and even attempted to attack Albert. I figured the coin you gave me might be useful.' Wynter raised an eyebrow, her skepticism evident. "Did you know how to use the coin?"
"I just saw how terrified Logan was of this thing, so I threw it at him," Tobias explained. Although he was clever, his explanation was far from convincing.
Wynter recalled Atwater's words about the distinction between the Epoch Collection and the Small Epoch Collection.
To borrow power from the Epoch Collection, one had to undergo rigorous training, as not everyone could wield its power. Yet, Tobias was seemingly able to do it.
Atwater often praised Wynter as a rare talented cultivator.
###chapter1116
Chapter 1116 His Identity
Then what did that make Tobias? He could instantly borrow the powers from the Epoch Collection.
Although Wynter had imprinted the coin to protect Tobias, the situation earlier seemed more than offering protection.
Wynter couldn't deduce anything from her family's physical appearances. She touched the now blackened coin and felt the lingering heat. It was a testament to the force exerted. What was happening?
Wynter didn't think Tobias was deceiving her. He genuinely didn't understand these things and had his dreams and pursuits.
If it wasn't him in this life who could harness the Epoch Collection's power, then what about his past life?
Ever since entering the formation, Wynter had been eager to know more about her family's past, particularly her brothers' previous lives.
Even without solid clues, the desire to know persisted. But she could deduce nothing.
While Wynter pondered, Tobias, frightened by Logan's words, said, "Smelling candle wax? What kind of fetish is that?"
Wynter glanced at him. "It's not a fetish. Haven't you heard the saying 'People fight for breath, spirits fight for candles?' To them, the candle wax is crucial.
"Alijah Felton is problematic, but you have even more issues."
Wynter's gaze returned to Logan. "What happened to you?"
Logan was confused. 'In simple terms, you were possessed," Wynter explained, casually pocketing the Epoch Collection she had picked up. Tobias' situation could wait. As for the Fenton family, she needed to inquire further.
Meanwhile, Dalton's gaze swept over, his eyes shifting for the first time. It surprised him that someone from that lineage remained and was right beside him.
Logically, that lineage should have perished long ago, with no chance of reincarnation. Yet, after regaining part of his cultivation, Dalton could distinctly sense these auras.
The Epoch Collection someone had just pocketed was burnt through. This indicated that the user was an expert.
Of all the Quinnell men, Tobias seemed the least likely to wield such power. Yet, he was the one who had used it.
Dalton's fingers twitched. As he looked up, he met Whitley's gaze.
Whitley had been observing Dalton. His focus was unwavering, as he wanted to verify his instincts.
Whitley was certain now that Dalton recognized him. Initially, he was only 50 percent sure, but now, he was almost certain.
Dalton was no ordinary man. The Fankrit inscriptions entwined around him grew more intricate as he looked at the coin, suggesting an unshakable curse.
Whitley was most intrigued by the deep sense of familiarity. It was as if he had known Dalton for a very long time, much like the crow he had seen earlier.
Dalton didn't intend to hide his aura but added a warning to his gaze.
Whitley hesitated. Did Dalton not want him to reveal his suspicions to Wynter, his betrothed? Was he approaching her with an ulterior motive?
Whitley was confused. He was unsure how to convey his thoughts to Wynter, who seemed preoccupied. Whitley hoped his intuition was wrong this time.
###chapter1117
Chapter 1117 Meeting the Others
Wynter didn't notice the subtle changes in Whitley's expression.
There was too much information to process, and she needed time to sort through it all. Logan being possessed didn't surprise her, but Alijah's behavior did.
"Tobias, get in touch with Austin. Tell him you want to take me to the Fenton residence as a guest," Wynter instructed.
Logan immediately understood Wynter's intention. He lowered his head, seemingly composed but clearly hiding something.
"Now? Or tonight?" he asked.
Wynter preferred to go now, but seeing Logan's hesitation, she conceded, "Tonight is fine."
Tobias, interpreting Logan's hesitation as lingering fear, said, "Phil, please bring Logan to rest."
Phil brought over some tea. "Mr. Tobias, rest assured that Mr. Logan's room is ready. It's right next to yours."
Then, Phil turned to Wynter and said, 'Ms. Quinnell, you've been busy all day. Have some tea.
"I've had the kitchen prepare some bacon, kept warm for you. You can eat before heading to the Fentons. There's no rush. I'll handle the arrangements.
"Mr. Quinnell Senior mentioned that I should take you around to meet the prominent families. You've been in town for a while now, so it's time to get acquainted with everyone.
"After all, these are people you'll be interacting with regularly in the future. You would also meet the people from the Quinnell family's other businesses.
"Moreover, you saved Mr. Austin before. Mrs. Fenton has expressed her gratitude multiple times. We can use this as an opportunity."
Wynter agreed without hesitation. "Let's proceed with your plan, Phil."
"Okay." Phil smiled and signaled the kitchen staff to prepare a few more dishes. The housekeepers quickly set the table.
In the past, the Quinnell family meals usually consisted of Fabian dining alone. Shane was always busy, and the other Quinnells had their careers out of town. The house often felt empty.
But things changed after Wynter returned. The house became lively, transforming from a small table for one to a large round table for many.
The round table had always been there, but it was rarely filled, even during New Year's dinners. Shane thought round tables looked unsophisticated compared to the long tables frequently used abroad.
Fabian cherished the idea of family unity, which Shane never understood. For him, prestige took precedence, and foreign customs were always superior.
Phil had always been pained by how Shane's attitude hurt Fabian. It was bad enough that outsiders troubled him, but for the Quinnell family's only son to do the same was incomprehensible to Phil.
Now that Shane was no longer around, the household thrived like never before, all thanks to Wynter.
Phil wasn't interested in the external chaos. His priorities were simple-protecting Wynter and the Quinnell family. The rest had to fend for themselves.
His loyalty to the Quinnell family never wavered, even during the toughest years when he stood by the old master's side.
With the Quinnell family's fortunes on the rise, Phil had only one wish left-to see the Quinnells married with children. It was a modest wish, but one that meant everything to him.
Therefore, Phil took special care when attending to Dalton. Despite the other Quinnells' apparent lack of warmth for Dalton, Phil remained diligent in his hospitality.
###chapter1118
Chapter 1118 Dalton Is Jealous
If Sebastian had been present, his disregard toward Dalton would have been even more noticeable.
All of the Quinnell brothers were protective of Wynter, and even Phil disapproved of her marrying so early. However, they all agreed that a man like Dalton was worthy of her.
"Ms. Quinnell specifically instructed me that pasta is better for your digestive health," Phil explained as he placed the chicken macaroni from the cart in front of Dalton.
Hearing this, Wynter paused mid-bite of her bacon.
Dalton looked at her and said, "Did you really tell Mr. Moore about this?"
Wynter looked at Phil, then back at Dalton. She nodded and said, 'Of course, I did."
It was up to Phil to respond to whether the discussion was intentional.
Dalton smirked and muttered so softly that his words could only be heard if one was close enough. "Well, at least you have some conscience."
Phil chuckled. He knew that the key to a young couple's relationship was for them to care for each other.
Wynter had been so busy lately that she had neglected Dalton. This wasn't healthy for their relationship.
However, Wynter remained oblivious to Phil's intentions. She ate her food a little faster, her eyes still on Logan. She was still observing him. Logan's current state suggested that he had not merely been possessed. There must be something else going on with him.
Noticing that Wynter's attention was not on Dalton, Phil gave a soft cough.
Wynter looked up and saw Phil winking at her. She raised an eyebrow in confusion.
Phil was getting slightly anxious. He couldn't fathom what Wynter was thinking.
According to Tobias, Wynter was the one who had initiated the relationship. Despite the existing engagement, she was drawn to Dalton. Was this how Wynter took the initiative?
Seeing Phil's persistent gaze, Wynter swallowed the bacon in her mouth and said, 'It's delicious!"
She assumed Phil was asking about the bacon's taste.
Phil was speechless. Well, Wynter must have her own plans. If not, he and Fabian could step in to assist.
Wynter was preoccupied with the Fenton and Winston family matters and rarely went to the courtyard. Her romantic life was indeed not a priority.
Dalton could certainly sense this. He had been like this before.
While it seemed Wynter couldn't live without him, she might have been just fine on her own.
If Dalton's body had not been restored, and he was in the present world, he too would have believed that she cared deeply for him. But he was well aware that he held a mere fraction of her heart, perhaps not even a tenth.
Just as before, Wynter always put those fellow cultivators ahead of him. He was nothing more than her favorite boy toy.
Dalton's lips curled into a cold smirk. He turned his head, his profile devoid of warmth.
Age had a way of bringing back unpleasant memories.
Wynter, now even more confused, glanced at Dalton.
Dalton picked up a piece of bacon from his plate and placed it in her bowl. "If you find it delicious, eat more. Don't stare at people while you're eating. Is Logan so attractive?"
Logan was taken aback to hear that. Even Albert and Tobias exchanged glances.
Wynter choked and coughed a few times. She took the tea Dalton offered her and sipped it slowly until she calmed down.
Wynter said seriously, "You can question my character, but not my taste. He's not my type."
###chapter1119

Chapter 1119 The Same Principles
"Oh?" Dalton's expression remained neutral, clearly not believing Wynter.
Her words held little weight with him. Back on the mountain, she'd claimed to have no interest in the people from the rival sect, yet here they were, residing in the courtyard.
Dalton understood the need to control his emotions. But sometimes, it was a losing battle, especially as his memories of the past sharpened. He couldn't shake the primal desire for her undivided attention.
Dalton presented himself like a river of molten lava. He appeared stoic and unreadable, while his deep-set eyes and tailored suit exuded an air of quiet power. The scarlet rosary bracelet adorning his wrist added a touch of intrigue.
No one could fathom Dalton's thoughts as he appeared cold and aloof. But in reality, he was possessive, especially toward those he cared about.
Whitley could pick up on the subtle shift in Dalton's mood.
Wolf disliked Dalton from their first encounter. Saviors possessed an uncanny ability to sense danger.
With Dalton, the danger was amplified. His emotional fluctuations weren't limited to humans and animals -they could even alter the weather.
Whitley, however, had forgotten this detail. The lightning tribulation had plunged him and his fellow Saviors into a long slumber.
In the past, his master had been devoid of emotions. The weight of his feelings was simply too much for anyone or anything to bear.
Everything possessed a spirit, and every action had a consequence. Humans ravaged nature, and nature, in turn, retaliated.
Before the rise of civilization, the Saviors thrived in perfect harmony with the ever-evolving natural world. Only when they strayed from the heavenly law did they face purification. The world itself was in constant flux.
Then came fire, a revolutionary tool that propelled humans to the top of the food chain. They developed tools, formed tribes, and developed a sense of shame.
Unlike the wild monkeys frolicking in the mountains, humans began to reproduce strategically, forming communities with a sense of order and ambition. Some even cultivated wisdom.
The heavens established their rules, and humans gained their intellect. But this knowledge came at a cost.
Whitley had forgotten this crucial history. He couldn't possibly comprehend the consequences of a man's emotional turmoil.
A crow perched on a branch of the Quinnell family tree cawed in alarm. The clear sky had abruptly transformed, thick clouds churning ominously.
Sensing the impending downpour, the crow circled anxiously, its wings flapping a frantic rhythm.
Dalton's emotional instability was escalating. It likely stemmed from his incomplete body restoration. But Dalton must have also sensed the traces of his other self.
Dalton belonged in the tranquil depths of the mountains, not amidst the urban chaos. The city teemed with people, each carrying their burdens of good and evil, karma and destiny.
This wasn't just true for individuals. Entire nations were subject to the same principles. A nation's destiny
could be depleted, much like a finite resource.
The concept of a land nurturing exceptional people held immense significance. But even more crucial was what the people themselves believed in.
A nation's fate and fortune were intricately woven with its citizens' beliefs.
In the past, there were talks of stealing a nation's fortune, a practice that went beyond merely exploiting its natural resources.
A quicker method involved manipulating its people. Once the populace was corrupted, the nation would crumble from within.
For the heavens did watch, and nature had its own set of laws. The defining characteristic of humans, however, was their ability to defy the very laws of nature. All it took was faith in miracles.
But now, such faith seemed to be dwindling.
The world was drowning in cynicism, moral decay, and the relentless pursuit of wealth. Betrayal was glorified, and the inherent goodness of others was met with suspicion.
###chapter1120

Chapter 1120 Logan's Grandfather
On a previous occasion, the crow and Dalton had witnessed an elderly man fall. A passing student rushed to his aid, concerned about his well-being, and even called an ambulance.
However, when the old man's family arrived, they relentlessly accused the student of causing the fall and demanded an explanation.
Initially, the student believed that once the old man regained consciousness, the misunderstanding would be cleared up.
Little did he expect that when the old man woke up, he nodded in agreement. He adamantly claimed that he fell because he had been pushed.
The student's life was not only disrupted but also consumed by the arduous task of proving his innocence. The situation's complexity far surpassed his imagination.
They said that the heavens were blind, but perhaps the heavens had their eyes open, and it was the people who shaped their destiny.
But one day, even the heavens would be disappointed.
The crow fluttered his wings, his black feathers settling as everything returned to tranquility.
It was fortunate that Dalton had not yet regained his body. Once he did, it would be best for him to minimize contact with humans. If he repeated his past actions, who knew what chaos would ensue?
Unaware of the strange occurrences outside, Wynter simply attributed the darkening sky to an ordinary overcast day. After all, she couldn't detect any aura.
"I think he's pondering Mr. Stavius' words," Wynter said. She then turned to Logan and asked, "Aside from the Fenton family incident, have you encountered anything else strange?"
According to Kaspar, Logan should not have visited the Fenton residence at that time.
Startled by the sudden question, Logan's eyes darted around, his voice slightly shaky. "No."
Wynter raised an eyebrow and questioned, "Really?"
As if fearing Wynter's disbelief, Logan forced a smile. "If there was, I would have come to you. You know I'm not as brave as Austin. Tobby is aware of it, too."
"He's indeed not very brave." Tobias turned to look at Logan and continued, "But I heard something strange.
"You've been avoiding your family. While you loved to have fun before, you used to return every other day to have dinner with your grandpa.
"He's getting older, and you're known for often caring about the elders. You know how it is with them- every meeting counts.
"But lately, you've been quite different from before. It's been a while since you've been back, and you barely show up. It's like you're hiding. What are you brooding about?"
Logan let out an "ah," his voice barely a whisper. "No, I'm not brooding."
"Then why aren't you going home? And what happened to the coin I gave you?" Wynter asked.
The mention of the coin sent Logan into a frenzy. He lost his grip on the water glass, causing it to shatter on the floor.
With such a commotion, further excuses were futile.
Logan stood there frozen, his mind replaying the scene he had witnessed in the Fenton residence.
"I did encounter some strange things," Logan confessed, his gaze downcast. "I always felt like odd things were happening in our residence."
Logan continued, slumping dejectedly into a wooden chair, "Sometimes, Grandpa would drink some concoctions to cure his illnesses.
"You guys wouldn't be afraid of Mr. Quinnell Senior, would you? After all, he's your grandfather. But I don't know why. Every time I return to the Fenton residence and see Grandpa, I get the chills."
"It's as if he's a different person," Logan added, his voice trembling. "Yet, he looks exactly the same as before."
###chapter1121

Chapter 1121 Change in Attitude
Logan looked utterly distressed, with reddened eyes and his hands cradling his head.
Perhaps it had to do with his family history of losing his mother too early. That was why family meant everything to Logan.
Chad had always outshone him since they were kids. Even their father, Jadiel Winston, took pride in Chad alone.
Only Clyde showed unconditional kindness toward him.
When Logan was young, Clyde always told him, "My dear, you don't need to be outstanding. Just grow up safe and sound."
He always remembered it. Once, when he had a high fever, Jadiel refused to take care of him, and even the maids kept their distance from him due to its highly infectious bacterial nature, which could spread to the lungs.
The doctor recommended isolation. However, Clyde stayed with him and told him stories while patting his shoulder.
"My dear, don't be scared. I'm here with you. You'll be alright and will recover soon. Tell me if there's anything you want to eat."
Logan couldn't believe how Clyde, who had been so caring, could change so drastically. He couldn't pinpoint when Clyde suddenly became much colder toward him.
It seemed to start around the time when Logan entered middle school.
Diego Winston, Clyde's father, had just passed away. Or, it might have been because his exam results were poor, and Clyde was genuinely disappointed in him.
Since then, Clyde's attitude toward him changed.
Logan couldn't quite put his finger on what went wrong.
He wanted to try harder, but he could never measure up to Chad. He even asked Clyde once if his disappointment stemmed from his own inadequacy.
Clyde, already into medicinal herbs by then, gave him a cold look.
"Who let you in here?" Clyde had never spoken to him like that before.
Logan was so shocked that his face turned pale.
He accidentally spilled the bowl of herbal remedy on the floor. After running off, he hid inside a large wooden cabinet. He didn't come out, no matter who called for him.
He didn't understand what he was afraid of.
That night, he ran a fever again. His memories became hazy from the heat.
No one noticed he was missing.
Later, he heard from the maids that Clyde had asked for him. It was then that Jadiel finally pulled him out of the wardrobe.
Outsiders often said Clyde spoiled him, forbidding him from doing this or that. He just wanted Logan to grow up as the Winston family's scion.
The butler also said, "Mr. Logan, please don't run around. Mr. Winston Senior worries about you a lot. "His study is off-limits. How many times have we said this? Why did you go there again? Mr. Winston Senior didn't throw a fit because he treats you well, but you should remember this time."'
Logan heard these words vaguely as he lay in bed with a burning forehead.
One thought occupied his mind-did Clyde really treat him well?
Before, Clyde had been by his side all night, calling him his dear. There had never been any rule about not entering the study.
Now, as he lay feverish once more, Clyde didn't spare him a glance.
Logan couldn't make sense of it all, so he attributed it to his own lack of excellence compared to Chad.
The next day, when he saw Clyde, the latter asked him what he had seen last night, as if ready to pounce on him if he said the wrong thing.
Logan couldn't fathom why Clyde was asking this. He instinctively shook his head.
Only then did Clyde smile and put a piece of bacon on his plate. "Looks like you're still a bit weak. Rest more and eat plenty of meat. Don't worry about your studies."
###chapter1122
Chapter 1122 Dream or Reality 
Onlookers often remarked on how Clyde doted on Logan. 
On the surface, it seemed true that he’d been pampered by Clyde all along. Clyde never demanded he be like Chad. Logan could do as he pleased, and his academic performance didn’t matter. 
Yet, this was actually another form of neglect. To Clyde, Logan was dispensable. That was why Logan took to bar–hopping and street racing. He liked everything thrilling. 
Since Chad was so excellent, he could take charge of the family. 
Logan felt that perhaps Clyde might feel more at ease when he acted like a flamboyant scion. 
He could sometimes still feel warmth from Clyde, but recently, that had disappeared entirely. 
Plus, after what he’d witnessed this time, some memories surfaced from deep within and replayed incessantly in his mind. 
He couldn’t even distinguish if they were real memories. 
Nightly, Logan started having a recurring dream. 
The dream’s content was somewhat chaotic. Sometimes, he was at school, and other times, he seemed 
to be at home. Everything was white, like someone had passed away. 
Yet, he was laughing, perhaps because he was young, while Clyde and Jadiel were crying. 
Many came to the funeral, but no one cared about him. Chad wasn’t even there, 
Logan was running after butterflies on the lawn when someone called him suddenly. 
He vividly remembered that Diego had turned to ashes, lying in a cremation urn. Why would Diego call out 
to him, looking so worn out? 
Logan wanted to pretend he hadn’t heard because he was too scared. 
But dreams had no rules. The next moment, he was back home with his school bag. 
The only clear memory he had about that dream was that it was Clyde’s birthday. He wanted to surprise Clyde, so he quietly slipped into Clyde’s study. 
Everyone said Clyde wasn’t well. They warned him to be quiet and not disturb Clyde while he was taking his herbal remedy. 
However, Logan was eager to show Clyde the wooden plane he’d made at school. His teacher said he could be a pilot someday as the wooden model he made was so realistic. 
Logan thought Clyde would be thrilled to see it. It was the best birthday gift he could give Clyde. 
He saw Clyde drinking the herbal remedy, but the scene was eerie. It was different from the usual study. 
There was a wooden daybed inside with heavy curtains, and Clyde lay there. 
Chapter 1122 Dream or Reality 
2/2 
Logan thought Clyde was dying, so he approached cautiously. 
When he saw the herbal remedy beside Clyde, he gasped. 
“That wasn’t herbal remedy. It was blood. I don’t know whose blood it is, but I smelled blood. Though, I can’t tell if it was a dream or reality.” 
Logan’s voice dropped. “Last month, I sneaked back to the hillside villa. I saw that bowl of herbal remedy again and heard strange noises. I ran away in fear, dropping the copper coin as I fled.” 
He lowered his gaze. “I’m sure Grandpa didn’t notice me. The copper coin shielded me from something. 
“Wynter, is something wrong with my grandpa? Is he possessed, like I was? If that’s true, can you help 
him?” 
Suddenly, it clicked for Logan. “Grandpa’s not himself. He must be possessed. That’s why he stopped calling me his dear.” 
###chapter1123
Chapter 11:23 No Memorial Hall 
Logan muttered. “Why don’t I think of this before? I’m supposed to be the most sensitive to this stuff. 
1 feel so stupid, making Grandpa suffer for so long. I’m really stupid. I should’ve just thrown my brain 
avar 
He tightened his grip on Wynter’s hand. Wynter, don’t go to the Fenton residence. Come to my house first. 
As the socke, the faces around the dining table showed varied expressions. 
Albert and Tobias exchanged a glance, then frowned. 
According to Logarts account, Clyde had been drinking that herbal remedy all along. This so–called herbal 
remedy was none other than blood soup. 
If he had been consuming it since before Logan started middle school, it meant this had been going on for years 
In other words, had the kind Clyde who used to appear in front of them for all these years now been possessed? Had not one of them noticed after so many years? 
The other party must have behaved exactly like Clyde to deceive everyone for so long. 
But whether in private or in public, Clyde had never shown any flaws. 
To imitate a person for a day might be possible, but to do it for so many years required an intimate 
ence sending 
Or, had the real Clyde perhaps already disappeared, leaving behind only this imitation, with his behavior 
becoming Clyde’s? 
Tobias was close to Logan. He couldn’t fully accept what Jadiel had done to Logan, let alone Logan 
“Don’t overthink it. Wynter will help you figure it out.” Tobias was sitting beside him. “Eat something first, and well go right after. You’re looking a bit pale right now.” 
Logan insisted, Tm fine. Wynter, please, go to our place first.” 
He feared that if they waited any longer, he might never see Clyde again. 
Wynter looked at him. After setting down her fork, she said directly, “Your grandpa isn’t in Kingbourne but in Hawford. Don’t you know that? You’re the Winston family’s scion.” 
“Hawford? Logan looked bewildered. 
Wynter wiped her hands, explaining, “Chad took him 
there. They say there’s a famous doctor in Hawford who can treat Clyde’s illness. 
Clyde 
‘Since Clyde isn’t in Kingbourne, there’s no need to rush to your house. Have some food first. There are a 
Chapter 1123 No Memorial Hall 
few things I need to ask you.” 
Since Wynter had spoken, Logan naturally obliged. 
“Where’s your great–grandpa’s memorial tablet? Is it in the hillside villa?” 
Logan shook his head. “I don’t know.” 
“Do you not even know this?” Wynter paused. 
Frowning, Logan said, “I don’t remember Great–grandpa having any memorial tablet.” 
“What about your family’s memorial hall? Where is it?” Wynter asked again. 
Logan shook his head once more. “I don’t remember.* 
For an aristocratic family, this was absurd. As the Winston family’s true eldest grandson, he shouldn’t be ignorant of such things. That was more fitting for the illegitimate son, Chad. 
“Does Chad know?” Tobias couldn’t stand by silently any longer. 
After thinking for a moment, Logan continued to shake his head. “He doesn’t know. I don’t think our family has a memorial hall. We’ve probably followed the policy and broken all those things.” 
“A memorial hall doesn’t fit into the category of toxic culture as per the policy.” 
Even Tobias, who typically didn’t let things bother him, sensed that there was something wrong with all of 
this. 
“What’s going on with your family? I remember you saying before that your great–grandpa did business with foreigners and built the family fortune on that.” 
###chapter1124
Chapter 1124 The Man in the Formation 
“He’s not the only one who said that,” Albert spoke up. “It’s the general consensus in the business 
community. 
“They believe the Winston family rose to prominence in the south. After the factories‘ collapse, the government increasingly encouraged entrepreneurship rather than relying on communal resources. 
“They say Mr. Diego seized this business opportunity back then and expanded his enterprise. He then 
moved from the south to the north, finally settling in Kingbourne.” 
Logan nodded. “That’s true.” 
“Mr. Diego had led the Winston family for so many years. Doesn’t he deserve a memorial tablet?” Albert’s 
question hit a sore spot. 
“He didn’t want one,” Logan said, unfazed. “Maybe it’s because of foreign culture’s influence. After all, 
they don’t have that kind of thing.” 
“Fine, then.” Wynter played with her purple sugilite pendant. “Your great–grandpa might not have a memorial tablet, but your family must have a family tree. 
“Finding it would help me interpret the divination. After all, the whole business community knows your family’s history.” 
Logan’s expression changed at her words. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “What’s wrong?” 
“Our family tree was burned a long time ago.” As Logan said that, he pulled out his phone. “I’ll ask Chad if 
there’s anything left.” 
Before he could dial the number, Wynter stopped him. 
“No need to ask him. Your grandpa does have a problem, but it’s not possession. It’s something else. The missing family tree is strange, but if you ask now, I won’t be able to find anything. 
“For now, let’s follow Phil’s plan. After visiting all the families, I’ll go to your house. I want to find out what’s really going on with Mr. Winston Senior as well.” 
As Wynter said that, her eyes changed noticeably, though Logan didn’t notice. 
She was now 80 percent sure that Clyde was the problem. As for the Fenton family, they definitely had 
issues. 
Since Phil had already announced her intention to visit the aristocratic families, Wynter decided she 
might as well go. 
She had been thinking about how to naturally observe each family’s geomantic layout. 
Now, as Fabian’s biological granddaughter, visiting the aristocratic families for a meal and introductions 
was perfectly normal. 
1/2 
However, //rer sa contit taws of one thing y de Gfk broke Begin forays try star 
From Loger’s dispeper these ER VING 
First, someone in the family had died, ERVá, DOEK W Ops 
sexo, 
The blood waseft some heroid ismeALS & MARA A 
jovalys, he see the makes was 
against the natural order and money, no grove over 19 can’t 
Yet, Clyde did. 
No, she shouldn’t call him Clyde. The person in his body wees Wely the man the scouted the formation 
If that were the case, sysrfing would male sane, kolding why he had been sick for so long 
By normal logle, he should have died long ago, ita veed a method to deceive the underwond and ts www.ds. 
bette 
Clyde was not just practicing the dark arts. He was weing them to extend be ife. Perlizing this, yet suddenly do 
###chapter1125
Chapter 1125 To Hawford 
Thi, get ready Were going to Hawford” Wynter announced decisively 
The man’s decision to go to Hawford wasn’t made on a whim. There was something there that could help 
hem achieve his spiritual goals 
Though Wynter want yet clear on what exactly that was her intuition told her she’d regret not going 
Pai didnt immediately agree this time. He was always steady in his affairs and adept at navigating social 
intricacies without ever giving anyone a handle against him. 
After some thought, he responded, “Ms. Quinnell, while I would go without hesitation to any other city, 
Hexford requires careful consideration.” 
Wynter quickly grasped his meaning “is it because Momis brothers are there?” 
The Whitman family made their fortune in Hawford and have been prominent there for years. 
“When Mrs. Quinnell initially married Mr. Shane, the Whitmans didn’t approve. After all these years and all that’s happened, even Mrs. Quinnell has hardly ventured there.” 
Phil was concerned “Misunderstandings tend to run deep when it’s family because they care about each 
other. This whole situation stemmed from Mr. Shane’s mistakes. 
“Mr. Quinnell Senior tried several times to mend fences, but every attempt fell flat. After all, the damage 
had already been done 
Mrs. Quinnell was Hawford’s belle back then. She was sought after for alliances. In the end, she chose 
Mr. Shane 
“At first, the Whitmans weren’t entirely on board because Mrs. Quinnell’s father, Mr. Reuben, didn’t see Mr. Shane as suitable. He thought Mr. Shane was too superficial and constantly trying too hard to please, 
which he disliked 
“At that time, Mr. Shane wasn’t as impressive as Mrs. Quinnell. There was even a very eligible gentleman pursuing her, but she ultimately chose Mr. Shane.” 
Wynter was puzzled. “So, did the Whitmans cut ties with her just because my mom married a jerk? There 
must be more to it.” 
The jerks identity was obvious, Wynter didn’t mince her words at all, 
Albert and Tobias remained impassive, sipping their coffee. As his sons, it was hard for them to evaluate Shane now 
Shane was selfish and always tried to undermine Marie 
In the past, Tobias found those loving scenes uncomfortable because Marie’s eyes betrayed no happiness at all. She seemed more like a canary kept in a cage. 
Marie was unmistakably the most vibrant rose in Hawford, adorned with thorns and possessing her own 
2/2 
Chapter 1125 To Hawford 
charm. 
The current outcome of everything was all because of the irresponsible Shane. 
Since he was already serving his time in jail, Tobias didn’t want to think about him anymore. But he still felt bitter when he thought about it. 
Phil knew how the Quinnells felt and wanted to make sure they were prepared in advance. 
This trip to Hawford was unlikely to be as smooth as their other trips. 
After all, family alliances could be helpful in business development. 
In reality, the Quinnell family was once prominent in Hawford, alongside the Burton family. 
In times of turmoil, warlords reigned, leading to various instabilities. However, during that period, the Chamber of Commerce held sway. 
Gordon was very influential in local circles and forces from both sides of the law. 
During that time in Hawford, there were numerous Frenda Concessions, and there were more foreigners compared to now. 
After all, that was then, and things changed over time. 
When the Quinnell family moved to Kingbourne, their development trajectory shifted. If they went back now, those longstanding families in Hawford probably wouldn’t be very welcoming. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise 
###chapter1126
Chapter 1126 Someone Sowing Discord in Hawford 
The market share in Hawford was limited. The Quinnell family’s entry would inextably take a portion of it 
Moreover, Marie’s greatest wish was to reconcile with the Whitmans 
Wynter’s visit to Hawford would surely bring a sense of crisis, with people likely sowing discord. 
After voicing these concems, Phil added, “Indeed, as you suspect, there’s more to it, Ms. Ournell. But outsiders will latch onto this and continuously feed information to the Whitmans 
Phil poured coffee for everyone. Mr. Rauben was famously devoted to his daughter, When Wrs. Qunnell agreed to the marriage, the Whitmans didn’t have much to say about it. 
“At that time, Mr. Shane offered shares to reassure the Whitmans. Later, as you know, the Quinnell family’s shares were diluted. Mrs. Quinnell fell ill after you were kidnapped 
The Whitmans came numerous times, especially Mrs. Quincell’s brothers, Mr. Cedric and Mr. Marion They were desperate to bring her back. 
‘Mrs. Quinnell’s grandmother, Madam Aleena Morrow, adored her and found it unbearable to see her 
suffer 
Phil continued, “Madam Morrow’s health also declined with age. Despite her condition, she personally came to take Mrs. Quinnell back to Hawford. 
“Everyone thought Mrs. Quinnell would go back with Madam Morrow, but she refused and told them for to come again, saying she was married and belonged here. 
“Madam Morrow was heartbroken. Not long after returning, we received news of her passing 
‘Mrs. Quinnell fainted upon hearing the news. After that, her condition worsened, and she was sent 
abroad for treatment.” 
Phill said with a sigh, This incident is a deep pain for Mrs. Quinnell and a significant concem for the 
Whitmans 
“Mr. Quinnell Senior attempted reconciliation. But each time, the Whitmans, though polite, clearly wanted 
no contact 
“Mr. Cedric and Mr. Marion are adamant. Mrs. Quinnell has broken the Whitmans hearts, and Mr. Shane never considered Mrs. Quinnell’s feelings. It’s difficult for them to make up after so many years. 
“Besides this, it’s said that someone in the Whitman family was injured because Mr. Shane prevented Mrs. Quinnell from returning. Detalls will only be known once we reach Hawford” 
Reminiscing about the past, Phil still felt a chill. 
As a long–time staff member of the Quinnell family, he disagreed with everything Shene did. 
When Marie fell ill, Shane could have taken her back to visit her family. Instead, he angered the Whitmans and even caused misunderstandings to snowball. 
###chapter1127
Chapter 1127 Dalton Follows Her Everywhere 
“Why?” Phil was surprised. He thought Wynter would understand the stakes after his explanation and 
wouldn’t be in such a rush. 
Wynter glanced at Logan, clearly reluctant to speak in front of him. 
Logan, looking puzzled, asked, “Wynter, are you really not going to visit my house?” 
“I will, but we’ll follow Phil’s plan.” 
Since their visit to Kingbourne was to visit all aristocratic families, it was crucial not to reveal too obvious 
a motive. 
Visiting Kingbourne’s relatives before going to Hawford to see her uncles made everything more logical. 
Clyde likely didn’t know that Gordon had left something behind. 
Wynter moved closer to Phil. Lightly gripping her purple sugilite pendant, she said in a lowered voice,” 
There’s actually something that I couldn’t find.” 
Gordon had left it for her, and it was published twice on the Youth Daily. 
But Wynter hadn’t shared that because the less she revealed about the Earthbound Formation, the clearer 
her view of the situation. 
“I initially thought it was at the Quinnell residence, but now it seems more likely to be in Hawford.” 
When Gordon’s message in the paper said to come home, she instinctively thought it meant the Quinnell 
residence. 
Today, as Phil spoke, she realized the Quinnell family’s true residence wasn’t in Kingbourne but in 
Hawford. 
She should have considered this earlier, but one thing after another had clouded her thoughts. 
To Gordon, home was always that old house she had visited. 
In his time, things were unstable, and he surely had many unresolved issues. He probably never expected 
the Quinnell family to move to Kingbourne. 
To the older generation, the most cherished place was home. 
Wynter’s fingers twitched as her emotions stirred. 
Noticing that, Dalton looked over. 
Few knew about the previous formation, but Dalton did. It was a deadly formation, containing not just 
grievances but also countless souls‘ faith. 
Mishandling it could trap,someone forever. 
He had rushed back from Mount Etna, fearing for her safety. After all, Wynter always dared to enter any 
Chapter 1127 Dalton Follows Her Everywhere 
formation and bear anyone’s burdens. 
Dalton had encountered that formation long ago, when it was filled with profound despair. 
212 
Those who had achieved great success in spiritual practice could draw everything around them into their influence. 
Defying fate meant enduring severe backlash. 
If someone survived within the formation, as long as their inner demons persisted, the formation would not disappear. 
Later, the formation ceased to show any anomalies. It was likely that the person found another source of solace. 
Its recent activity was due to a disruption in the people’s collective faith. 
This formation was like the deadliest of knots. Even Dalton wasn’t sure he could fully dissolve it. 
There was actually one solution–eliminate everyone who had experienced the formation to remove all lingering regrets. They could just identify and find each person in the present. 
However, this approach was the most extreme and would bring about more personal burdens. But it would guarantee no one else got caught up in it, nor would it disturb the flow of fortune. 
Wynter’s actions were always so unpredictable. She must have received some information about Gordon from the formation, causing her emotional fluctuations. 
However, any emotional disturbance was dangerous for a cultivator. It was especially so since her 
personal burdens were growing deeper, some of which even he couldn’t transfer. 
With this in mind, Dalton placed his hand on her wrist. “I’ll go with you.” 
###chapter1128
Chapter 1128 Public Display of Affection 
Wynter wouldn’t refuse. Dalton’s excellent formation–breaking skills were too good to pass up. 
With him around and his heavenly luck boosting them, there was hardly anyone they couldn’t handle, 
especially those dabbling in dark arts. 
Wynter had a feeling that this trip to Hawford would unravel all mysteries. 
They may have settled the regrets within that formation, but the root issue remained. 
If their opponent kept feeding evil through the internet, the formation’s power would continue to grow. 
Wynter was worried that this wasn’t the first instance. There might be a second or a third. 
The Martinez family’s heavy blow meant the cultural heritage was cut off. Someone like Jaxon wasn’t fit 
to follow Haddon’s legacy. 
This was Wynter’s first encounter with such a method of manipulating someone. 
Someone morally bankrupt–a mistress–could destroy years of effort by Haddon in an instant. 
Jaxon’s affair was bound to affect Haddon. 
Even though Wynter tried to conceal Haddon’s information, it was useless. The higher–ups would re- 
evaluate Haddon due to this matter. 
Jaxon not only had conduct issues but also abused his position in many ways. Ironically, Phoebe had a 
hand in many of these. 
Wynter had already informed the Special Unit to closely monitor the other three students for any 
anomalies. 
Wynter admitted that their opponent was indeed clever. The easiest way to gather a hostile aura in a 
short time was to search online. 
Perhaps there was something about the Winston family that she had overlooked. 
Wynter looked at Dalton and nodded. 
Only then did Dalton smile, dispelling the indifference in his eyes from earlier. There was an inexplicable charm in his lowered gaze. 
The more Wynter looked at that face, the more she found it attractive. But now wasn’t the time to 
appreciate beauty. 
She playfully poked the slight dimple on his right cheek. “Alright.” 
Wynter’s mood had improved, but Tobias and Albert wore complex expressions. 
Cracter 13 Public Dadley of Affection 
22 
Outside of their family, people said Dalton wouldn’t fancy Wynter and that it was futile for her to pursue 
It was quite amusing. At the family reunion banquet, those people seemed oblivious either due to poor eyesight or hearing if they saw this scene, they wouldn’t have anything else to say. 
What about when visiting the aristocratic families in Kingbourne?” Phil knew how to strike while the iron 
was hot. 
Daton didn’t dodge the poke on his cheek. He just looked at Wynter with eyes deeper than ever. 
His gaze didn’t move away. After a slight cough, he said in his deep voice, “I’m the Quinnell family’s son–in- law. Of course I’ll go with her.” 
They arent you jumping the gun a bit?” Tobias couldn’t care less about his contract with Dalton. His concem as a protective brother was intolerable, especially since Wynter was still young. 
They were only engaged now. What if Dalton turned into a jerk later? 
Dation was rothless in business, leaving no room for the other party. Others might not know, but Tobias did. Wynter must have been deceived by his sickly appearance. 
When Dalton looked over at Tobias, he showed no flaws in etiquette. “You’re right. We should have the wedding sooner 
Tobras was speechless for a moment. That was obviously not what he meant just now. 
If you follow us, people in the Hawford circle might get more nervous,” Albert said. “The Yarwood family hadn’t been to Hawford for many years. Your presence would break the rules, wouldn’t it?” 
zott Had du think 
se but got mag by 
###chapter1129
Chapter 1129 Some People Must Be Slapped 
"Wynter's fine as long as we're with her," Albert asserted.
With Shane as a precedent, Albert felt lingering anxiety. He understood his uncles' feelings very well.
It wasn't like the Quinnell family couldn't support Wynter. If their shares weren't enough, he could transfer all the companies he invested on Winnow Street under Wynter's name.
She must not marry so early, no matter what.
There were few brothers in the world who would turn a blind eye to annulments.
Dalton, of course, noticed the Quinnell brothers' caution. He understood their concern for their sister. After all, he had backed out of the engagement twice before.
Whenever he mentioned it to Fabian, his health became poor. And the Quinnell brothers were there when the engagement was canceled.
Dalton cleared his throat lightly. When he looked up, his eyes were on Wynter. His face, cold and pale, was so delicate it seemed it could shatter at a touch. His eyelashes fluttered slightly.
"I'd like to go as your fiancé. With me there, the Whitmans should at least not shut the door in your face. After all, it's their niece's first time bringing someone home."
One had to admit that Dalton's face was quite persuasive. It was as if not taking him along would be a slight against him. Wynter loved this fragile charm beneath his cold demeanor. Whenever he looked at her like that, she couldn't help but relent. "Albert, he hasn't fully recovered yet. If he comes with me this time, I can help him recuperate," Wynter said, taking Dalton's hand. Dalton lowered his gaze with a faint smile. His dark suit concealed the complex and sinister intentions lurking beneath.
At that moment, he resembled a classic antagonist from a novel who was hiding mischief behind a polished exterior.
It was easy to imagine how conflicted Albert must feel as Wynter's brother.
Tobias had never had much imagination for scheming men before, but witnessing this scene made him understand that description.
Dalton was quite something. And Wynter... well, that was hard to say.
"Well then, I'll go prepare," Phil said with a polite smile before gracefully excusing himself.
There was a certain gentlemanly air about long-time butlers. Some old butlers even exuded more class than newly-minted family heirs. "Yes, Ms. Quinnell wishes to visit. Thank you." Phil handled the arrangements at once.
He made a call first, then personally wrote several invitation letters with a quill. It was a tradition that had been maintained for years. While the Quinnell family had seen its ups and downs, Phil's position among the butlers of aristocratic families had never wavered. The aristocratic families who received the invitations looked at the gold lettering and remarked, "The Quinnell family still upholds tradition." "But why would the Quinnell family's daughter suddenly want to visit us?"
"Well, it's about time. After all, she's a junior. But hasn't she been said to not understand these customs?" "Regardless of whether she understands or not, her achievements in Kingbourne these days are undeniable. "Times have changed. The Quinnell family is at its peak now. All of you should know what to say, right?"
"I'll do my best to have a good conversation with her."
Some people, deep down, were just so ignorant of their prejudices. It was just like the negative speculations surrounding Wynter at the family reunion banquet.
They thought she, coming from a small place, wouldn't last long in their circles.
Even if she had won against Naomi, she truly couldn't compare to the young ladies raised in Kingbourne's aristocratic circles in terms of social graces.
###chapter1130
Chapter 1130 Wynter Is Welcomed 
he aristocratic families‘ social engagements had significantly decreased, and they couldn’t exchange 
sources as freely as before. 
the past, the Quinnell family would host parties occasionally. 
aomi had been especially meticulous in her hospitality. Back then, everyone envied Shane. 
S 
en if Shane had made some mistakes, was it really necessary for him to fall so far? He was still 
ynter’s father, no matter what. Must she be this ruthless? 
} 
nce Wynter’s return, the Quinnell family had been constantly embroiled in trouble, with no more parties 
speak of. It was only a matter of time before she encountered issues. 
owever, they had to admit she was skilled at managing companies. 
the time, they had thought that the Quinnell Group had long–standing issues that not even Fabian could 
?mpletely resolve. 
? 
11 
hen she took over the Quinnell Group, they didn’t expect much from her. Most people were just there to 
atch the fun. 
ho could have expected that in just a short month, the Quinnell Group would become an irreplaceable 
tity under her leadership? 
S 
is had indeed altered the course of recent years. Otherwise, these few families might have been able to 
tch up to the Quinnell family. They were just one final step away. 
ey didn’t know if they should marvel at the good fortune of the young or something else. 
eanwhile, the Winstons and Fentons were all smiles. Wynter’s proactive visit would definitely allow her 
inspect their home’s geomantic layout as well. 
hers might not know, but some of the ladies now adored Wynter. After all, her divination had driven ay many ill–intentioned sluts. 
me businessmen were like that. If they were told that this young lady was after their money, they 
uldn’t believe it. 
t if they were told that her horoscope could jeopardize his finances, they would sever ties with the 
lies quicker than anyone else. 
ose who were never home were now back after work to eat dinner and take walks. 
irla had been wanting to thank Wynter for a while now. When she heard Wynter was coming to the 
nton residence, she started preparing. 
stin was thrilled as well. After all, that was Wynter–the goddess who saved him. He was her biggest 
) now. 
was always bragging to Malik, but the latter just wouldn’t buy it. “Since you say she saved your life, the 
а 
7 
Chapter 1130 Wynter is Welcomed 
 
Fenton family will surely repay her for that. But saying she knows everything might be a bit exaggerated.” 
Austin thought to himself that Malik knew nothing. He would understand when he saw what Wynter could 
do with his own eyes. 
Austin’s mother and aunt, on the other hand, seemed quite excited. 
Austin was a bit puzzled. He had thought they wouldn’t acknowledge Wynter before. 
Why were they bringing out their favorite fine wines and displaying that emerald bracelet outside? Someone might think they were preparing wedding gifts. 
Austin didn’t dare to offend Dalton. “Why are you all so attentive to Wynter? These are things meant for your daughter–in–law. Can you put them away? If Mr. Ernest misunderstands again, our family will be 
ruined.” 
He spoke in hushed tones. 
His mother, Josephine Crawford, gave him a pat on the back of his head. “What are you thinking? Daughter -in–law? Do you think you’re worthy of marrying Ms. Quinnell? 
“You always have girlfriends around, you scoundrel. Also, you need to respect Ms. Quinnell. Don’t call her Wynter. She’s a medium. You have to approach her with sincerity.” 
Austin was suddenly at a loss for words. He remembered his uncle, Bruno Fenton, as the one who was superstitious at home. 
And back then, when he said Wynter saved him, Josephine was still a staunch materialist. Why was she acknowledging Wynter as a medium now? 
The world was changing so fast that Austin felt a bit flustered 
###chapter1131
Chapter 1131 Friend of Kingbourne’s Wealthy Ladies 
Austin was about to sit down on the couch and calm himself down when he overheard Bruno and Malik 
talking. 
“Dad’s still not well. I don’t know what’s going on. The doctor says it’s nothing serious, and he just needs rest. Should we inform the Quinnell family about this?” 
Malik was in charge of the Fenton family. “Let them know, but we can’t refuse their visit. Just explain that 
Dad can’t come downstairs due to health reasons. The Quinnells won’t mind, but something really isn’t 
right with Dad.” 
“I agree.” Bruno mysteriously added, “I feel like there’s someone else in Dad’s body. 
“Malik, I was really scared last night when Dad insisted on bringing Logan back. Maybe we should take 
this chance to have Ms. Quinnell take a look at him.” 
Malik frowned. “You’re being superstitious again. I’ve told you-” 
“It’s not just me. Remember how Ms. Quinnell saved Austin? We all brushed it off as a coincidence, but 
Malik, think about it. 
“Ms. Quinnell had just returned to Kingbourne then. Even if she did investigate Austin’s plan preferences 
as we analyzed, how could she predict the exact time something would go wrong that day? 
“Malik, look at the Scott family now. If Austin and Logan didn’t meet Ms. Quinnell, we might all be in tears 
by now.” 
Though Austin was a playboy, he was the Fenton family’s sole heir. The Fenton family’s lineage would be 
at stake if something happened to him. 
Malik’s expression changed. “Let’s get everything ready. When Ms. Quinnell arrives, I’ll greet her 
personally.” 
“Alright. I’ll go instruct the butler.” 
While each household had its own thoughts, they couldn’t ignore their respective matriarchs‘ demands to 
be respectful toward Wynter. 
They, along with Austin, were puzzled by what was happening. 
Little did they know, Wynter had secured a significant place in these ladies‘ hearts. Her friendships within 
elite circles weren’t without merit. 
When the ladies heard about the gossip surrounding Wynter, they created a group chat, expressing their concern about Wynter’s well–being. 
Kingbourne’s socialites had never seen such a grand spectacle before. 
When they visited other aristocratic families, they came bearing gifts. 
Wynter, on the other hand, simply handed out invitations, and the aristocratic families eagerly awaited her 
Chapter 1131 Friend of Kingbourne’s Wealthy Ladies 
visits. 
“She really knows how to make connections.” 
“She might not last long with Mr. Yarwood if he keeps behaving like this.” 
“True. With the Yarwood family’s emphasis on etiquette, they won’t tolerate this for long.” 
2/2 
Yet, when they saw Wynter appear with Dalton, their expressions were as complex as they could be. 
Wynter’s intention of visiting the aristocratic families this time was more than just a casual visit, anyway. 
Instead of visiting the Fentons or the Winstons first, she visited the Larsons, who were previously critical of the Quinnell Group. 
The Larson family’s third daughter, Sara Larson, was once close to Naomi. When she saw Wynter, her 
eyes 
oozed with frustration. 
Sara’s face was filled with pride and her chin raised high. Her skirt had paint stains on it, as she portrayed 
herself as artistic. 
However, Wynter didn’t spare her a glance. Her gaze fell behind Sara instead. 
There was some truth to the saying “like father, like daughter“. 
She was the one paying the visit, but the Larsons were showering Dalton with utmost hospitality. 
Sara’s father, Kendrick Larson, practically gleamed with excitement as he discussed his current dreams and plans. 
###chapter1132
Chapter 1132 Who Are You to Undermine Wynter 
Wynter attempted to speak with Kendrick twice, but he ignored her. He continued to walk ahead on his 
own. 
It was Dalton who paused momentarily, clearly waiting for Wynter. His profile was refined and dignified. As he reached out to assist Wynter down the steps, his presence exuded an aristocratic air. 
Outside of the Quinnell residence, his imposing presence was unmistakable. 
Observing Dalton’s behavior, Kendrick finally noticed Wynter and said with a smile, “Mr. Yarwood, who 
would have thought you and Wynter have such a close relationship?” 
He referred to Dalton as Mr. Yarwood and Wynter by her first name. He was obviously trying to use his 
seniority to undermine Wynter. 
It seemed that some people in this circle still hadn’t learned their lesson. 
Dalton raised an eyebrow. Instantly, a chilling frost lurked in the corners of his eyes. 
If those accustomed to being around him had been present, they would have recognized it as a prelude 
to him dealing with someone. 
Though Kendrick had met Dalton a few times, their social and financial standings were vastly different, so 
he was unaware of Dalton’s temperament. 
He didn’t notice any hint of impatience on Dalton’s handsome face. Instead, there was a faint smile. 
Kendrick thought he had hit the mark with his flattery. 
“Mr. Yarwood, I heard you like paintings. My daughter, Sara, is currently working on her graduation design. 
project.” 
Chuckling, Kendrick shook his head. “She’s won quite a few awards abroad but still wants to return home 
for her career. When we sit down later, maybe you can offer a few words of guidance.” 
Dalton halted momentarily, and his gaze deepened. 
In his view, when dealing with a family like the Larson family, he preferred direct acquisition through financial pressure. Making a casual visit was such a waste of time. 
He glanced at Wynter. 
Wynter’s fingers lightly grasped his wrist as she said nonchalantly, “Since we’re here, we might as well 
look around. The Larson family is not bad.” 
She needed a target, and Kendrick’s presence could prove helpful for her upcoming plans. 
Kendrick couldn’t hear their conversation, but he knew Wynter was a renowned designer from abroad. 
He attributed her success to luck, as women naturally gravitated toward fashion and jewelry. That was 
why the ladies adored her. 
Chapter 1132 Who Are You to Undermine Wynter 
2/2 
Sara, on the other hand, was a legitimate, high–achieving student who studied abroad. 
“Now that things in the Quinnell family are settling down, what are your plans, Wynter?” Kendrick asked as he signaled to the butler to prepare tea. 
“I know you’re talented in many ways, but furthering your education could be beneficial for your future.” 
His words were subtly demeaning. 
Kendrick continued, “I’m not trying to be nosy, but look at Sara. She achieved her current success and enviable academic achievements through hard work. She studied rigorously to achieve such excellence. 
“We may not prioritize these things in business, but when it comes to managing projects in the future, knowledge will be essential.” 
Kendrick’s tone was paternalistic to the core. 
As Wynter noticed the different treatment from the butler when he served them tea, she remained composed. 
She looked at the teacup before her and said calmly, “Speaking of projects, Mr. Larson, I’ve heard you were quite critical of the projects my grandpa invested in. I’d like to seek your advice on which types of projects you consider favorable.” 
With a resounding clink, Wynter set down the teacup. Her etiquette was flawless, yet her words carried a chilling undertone. 
As she observed Kendrick, a hint of disdain flickered in her eyes. It seemed like a sense of superiority was ingrained in her demeanor. 
“Could it be the construction projects that fail to repay contractors, exploit workers‘ wages, or offer microloans?” 
###chapter1133
Chapter 1133 Done With the Laison Family 
Chapter 1133 Done With the Larson Family 
As Wynter said that, Kendrick’s smiling face turned pale in an instant. 
His previous disdain toward Wynter and his sole interest in currying favor with Dalton had vanished. His eyes betrayed a hint of panic as he glanced downward, feigning calm while taking a sip of tea. 
“These are all just rumors. How could you believe such things, Wynter?“, 
“Rumors?” Wynter casually toyed with her teacup. 
Her words cut through with an eerie nonchalance that sent shivers down the spine. 
“Are the stories about construction workers not getting their pay after toiling all year and those driven to suicide by your debt collection also just rumors, Mr. Larson? 
“If you want to keep something secret, you shouldn’t have done it in the first place. I know what projects you consider favorable.” 
This wasn’t just a warning shot. It was a clear signal that she was going after the Larson family. 
Yet, Sara couldn’t grasp the meaning behind Wynter’s words. She only saw Wynter as a junior to Kendrick, yet here she was, making a show of authority at their house. 
“It’s only right for debts to be repaid. Those poor people ooze poverty from their very bones. 
“When we lend them money, it’s an act of benevolence. Those deadbeats not only fail to repay their debts but also end up jumping off buildings. 
“We’ve already lost the money, and now we have to endure baseless slander from you? Wynter, remember, this is the Larson residence, not the Quinnell residence.” 
Sara sneered. “If you don’t want to work with us in the future, then don’t come around. You Quinnells might be richer than us, but we don’t depend on you for our meals.” 
Kendrick’s hands trembled at her words. “Wynter, Sara doesn’t mean that. She doesn’t understand the ins and outs of business dealings. I’ve already arranged for compensation for the family of the deceased. 
Right, Tyson?” 
Tyson Tanner, the butler, responded, “Yes, Mr. Larson, everything has been arranged. Ms. Quinnell, if you could-” 
Wynter’s gaze remained indifferent. “I know about the arrangements. The Larson family hired a few thugs to harass the girl’s family every day. 
“Yes, you did give them compensation, but is 50 thousand dollars enough compensation for a life, Mr. 
Larson?” 
She didn’t bother to pretend to be respectful anymore. 
Kendrick never expected her to be so well–informed about these trivial matters. 
Chapter 1133 Done With the Larson Family 
“I–I’m sure it was an oversight by my men. How could they have given only 50 thousand dollars when someone died? There must be someone embezzling in the middle. I’ll call them right away.” 
Kendrick still wanted to distance himself from the issue. 
Sara, however, didn’t understand why Kendrick was suddenly so afraid of Wynter. 
After all, it was just a rural worker who had died in the city. Moreover, it was his own fault for borrowing money from their family and committing suicide. What did it have to do with them? 
“Dad, we did nothing wrong. We gave them 50 thousand dollars. What more do they want?” 
Kendrick wanted to slap Sara’s mouth shut right now. 
Suddenly, Wynter smiled and said somewhat fiercely, “You’ve certainly handled your business well, Mr. 
Larson. 
“Bringing in workers to labor without pay and turning legal advances into loans. I wonder who’s behind the Larson family.” 
Wynter lowered her voice as she added, “Whoever it is, rest assured, they’ll be joining you in jail.” 
With that said, Wynter waved her hand and casually threw the teacup on the ground, then straightened up 
and walked away. 
“I’m done with this visit. Next stop.” 
Sara, in her high heels, followed behind Wynter. Gnashing her teeth, she tried to catch up. “Who do you think you are to treat us like this? Just you wait!” 
But the Quinnell family’s and Yarwood family’s bodyguards were not to be trifled with. They immediately stopped her. 
###chapter1134
Chapter 1134 Absolute Power 
Dalton smiled as he stood up, following Wynter. While adjusting his cuffs, his gaze met Kendrick’s. 
He coughed, and in a low voice, he said, “Your daughter is a lost cause. I have nothing more to advise. 
“Actions like these do need to be covered up with some artistic skills. But I’ll leave you with this, Mr. 
Larson. The Larson family is a nuisance and should be eliminated.” 
Unlike Wynter’s bold and flamboyant manner, Dalton spoke calmly, as if he were just having a casual chat. Yet, his words were cutting. 
Kendrick collapsed heavily to the ground, gasping for breath as his heart condition threatened to flare up. 
He had his own lucrative schemes as a businessman. He was confident that his actions would remain 
undiscovered since he operated within legal boundaries. 
After all, he wasn’t the only one delaying payments to workers. Everyone was involved in microloans. It was just his bad luck that someone committed suicide, and somehow, it all fell on him. 
Sara helped Kendrick up and urgently said, “Dad, I’ll go find Uncle Philip. He won’t stand idly by. I don’t believe that the Quinnell family is so powerful that they can offend us without a care. I’ll head to Hawford 
right now.” 
“It’s useless.” Kendrick knew he had made a colossal mistake. Someone would come to investigate him 
in less than two days. 
It was at this moment that he knew that his peers had misjudged Wynter. They thought Wynter, without a proper education, was just clever. 
Now he understood that her background didn’t matter. She could still take them down without one. 
As soon as the incident with the Larson family spread, it became the talk of the circle. 
Those who had planned to give Wynter a hard time during her visit now wore grim expressions. 
Fear gripped them as they realized she knew everything about the Larson family. What about their own 
secrets? 
Realizing this, none of the families dared to underestimate Wynter. Even the spoiled socialites were 
warned to watch their tongues. 
Most of these young ladies had been Naomi’s friends, eager to avenge her. 
However, Wynter was rarely seen at socialite gatherings. Yet, when they finally got the chance to meet her, their families acted as if they were mice confronted by a cat. 
These pampered, status–conscious socialites couldn’t bear it at all. They wanted nothing more than to bring Wynter down. No one should be standing beside Dalton. 
Their strategy of collectively ostracizing an outsider had always worked. After all, even though they came 
from aristocratic families, they could choose their friends freely. 
Chapter 1134 Absolute Power 
212 
But no one anticipated Wynter bypassing them entirely. To her, meeting or befriending them didn’t matter. 
This left many socialites feeling shocked. They stood there with their exquisite makeup and the latest limited–edition Chanel bags, only to be utterly ignored. 
These socialites, with their rigidly established socializing patterns, failed to understand one fundamental truth–absolute power would render social interactions meaningless. 
Wynter didn’t need to schmooze with those who couldn’t understand her. Giving them a good beating 
would suffice. Befriending them and adhering to rules wasn’t Wynter’s way of doing things. 
She valued efficiency above all else. She wasn’t doing business with a bunch of overgrown babies, anyway. Dealing with those who needed to be dealt with was her style. 
“Is this a visit, or is she using it as an excuse to deal with us?” 
“Guys, we need to start keeping a low profile. Otherwise, we might be the next Larson family.” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter1135
Chapter 1135 Wynter’s Admirers 
The people saying these things were usually on Shane’s side. This time, they were truly afraid of Wynter. 
Instead of a friendly visit, she might as well have told them all to behave. 
Wynter’s show of strength as a warning worked. Everyone believed her visit was a warning for the various families to keep in line and to show that the Quinnell family was not to be trifled with anymore. 
Wynter didn’t deny that this was partially true. 
She was about to leave for Hawford, leaving Fabian in Kingbourne. She had to make sure those who wished ill on the Quinnell family understood her message. 
If she didn’t make her point clear, she feared something might happen to Fabian once she left. 
More importantly, she could subtly observe any anomalies within the families through this method. 
In the car, Wynter mused, “I originally wanted to have a friendly chat with them.” 
For this reason, after unearthing Gordon last time, she intentionally left two people behind to spread the word that she was skilled in geomancy. She wanted others to come to her willingly. 
“That way, I could make some extra money on the side.” 
Wynter played with her purple sugilite pendant. Resting her chin on her hand, she sighed. “That’s impossible now.” 
“Then why didn’t you have a friendly chat with the other families just now?” Logan asked, puzzled. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “Because I realized that I wasn’t entirely satisfied with them even as the first party. It’s better to follow the heavenly law.” 
“Heavenly law…” Logan repeated, muttering to himself. “Is there really a heavenly law? If there is, why would I end up like this?” 
Wynter looked at him. “Maybe you did something wrong in a past life. It could be karma.” 
Logan fell silent, his mood visibly sinking. 
“Or it could just be that the man up there is blind. You should know, he often is,” Wynter spoke casually, 
even yawning. 
Her face, especially when she wore a white shirt and a black choker, had an androgynous beauty that was both captivating and mischievous. She was beautiful but too unconventional. 
Logan looked up. “You’re right, Wynter. He’s blind.” 
Just then, a roll of thunder sounded. 
Logan froze, his eyes widening. “What…” 
“How petty.” Wynter clicked her tongue and leaned lazily against the seat. “He can’t even take a few 
2/2 
Chapter 1135 Wynter’s Admirers 
words. But Logan, you should stop. With your luck, you might really get struck by lightning.” 
As they talked, Whitley tried to minimize his presence. When Wynter said the word “petty“, he found himself instinctively glancing toward Dalton. 
Dalton, however, remained unfazed as he stared out the window. It was as if neither sunshine nor thunder could affect him. Yet, his deep eyes seemed to hold endless mysteries. 
By the time they reached the Fenton residence, the rumors had spread, and the thunder had stopped. 
When Austin saw Wynter, he leaped excitedly. “Wynter, over here! I’m right here!” 
However, Wynter was greeting several of the Fenton family’s ladies, who wanted to show her around. 
“Master, ignore that jumping monkey. We have more important matters. Look, did I buy the right aloe vera plant?” 
“And me, Master. I followed your advice and sold those two pieces of jewelry to sponsor some underprivileged students. Now I feel much better. 
“Is there anything else I should do for my health? Should I donate more money?” 
A few days earlier, Wynter had been added to one of the Fenton family’s group chats. These ladies‘ questions were actually related to common medical knowledge. 
###chapter1136
Chapter 1136 The Fenton Family’s Problem 
For the first lady, the plant she kept was too dense, which could absorb sunlight and oxygen in the bedroom. This was definitely not good for health in the long run. 
That was why Wynter had her replace it with an aloe vera plant, which was harmless and useful. 
As for the second lady, the jewelry she wore had dubious origins. One was from underground, and the other had excessive mercury levels. Prolonged wear could lead to health issues. 
Wynter had already arranged for them to be handled and explained everything to the ladies. 
But the Fenton family ladies were convinced Wynter possessed astonishing mystic arts skills. Otherwise, why would those men suddenly get rid of their mistresses? In their eyes, only Wynter deserved to be called a master. 
“We know that you prefer to keep a low profile, Master. Don’t worry. We won’t spread it around.” 
“Yeah, we won’t. We’ll just treat you as our junior.” 
Indeed, Wynter didn’t want the person who set up the Earthbound Formation to know she had entered the formation. But they didn’t really need to do this. 
Surrounded by the Fenton family ladies, she found herself even throwing off her usual pace. 
Fortunately, Wynter had a way out. Casually, she asked, “Typically, mishaps occur within the residence. I noticed cuckoos calling earlier. That’s not a good sign. Has anyone fallen ill at home recently?” 
At her words, the living room suddenly fell silent. 
The Fenton family ladies, who had just surrounded Wynter, exchanged glances. 
Malik had only heard about this from Bruno and Austin before, and he didn’t quite believe it. Now, Wynter’s remark made him unable to hold back. 
“Yes, someone at home is ill. We’ve even informed Phil, but I suppose you haven’t received the message yet.” 
“Yeah, everyone is spreading news about me now and less about what’s important.” Wynter glanced southeast. “Is that the Fenton family memorial hall over there?” 
Austin was straightforward. “Wynter, you’re amazing. It’s the first time you came here, but you know where the memorial hall is!” 
“A swallow entering the house is a good sign, but that place is too sinister.” Wynter’s eyes were hard to read. “This geomantic layout is/not right. Has someone disturbed it?” 
Austin didn’t know, so he looked up at Malik, who also looked puzzled. 
Josephine spoke up, “It was me. I had someone touch it but just a little.” 
After saying that, her face turned pale. She hurriedly asked, “Wynter, is there a problem with that?” 
“It’s a layout that uses wealth to exchange one’s life.” Wynter frowned. “I need to see Mr. Fenton Senior 
Malik originally didn’t want to disturb Alijah because the latter’s body was really weak. Moreover, the whole thing seemed spooky 
During the day. Alijah would lie in bed, breathing weakly However, he would become energetic at night, Even his eyes would be piercing when looking at people. 
Many maids had seen him insist on going to the memorial hall to eat the offerings 
The whole thing sounded eerie. If it spread, the Fenton farly would be ruined 
They also called in a doctor, but the doctor found nothing 
It was strange because Yvette had clearly cured Alijah before, and he had been fine for a while. So, what happened this time? 
He even personally went to visit Yvette to have her treat Alijah. But the people there said she had gone to Hawford and hadn’t been in Kingbourne recently. 
He was out of options and was thinking of inviting Kaspar. After all, he had to try every possible option. As soon as Wynter entered the room, a cold chill swept over her. 
Alijah was still lying in bed with a pale face. But upon sensing someone entering, he rolled over. “Didn’t I say I don’t want anyone to disturb me?
###chapter1137
Chapter 1137 Taking Action 
Alijah’s voice sounded unusually old and raspy. It was somewhat unnatural, almost like he was a puppet put together. 
Upon hearing this, Wynter raised an eyebrow. “Mr. Fenton Senior, you should see a doctor when you feel 
sick. 
“How can you throw a tantrum like a child and refuse to get examined? I happen to know a bit of medicine, so allow me to examine you.” 
Alijah froze at her words. 
Without giving him a chance to refuse, Wynter looked at the bedside. With a flick of her fingers, she tossed the Small Epoch Collection in the four cardinal directions. 
Alijah struggled to sit up. “You…” 
Wynter glanced over, seemingly ignoring his protest. “Mr. Fenton Senior, do you want me to check your pulse?” 
With that, she pressed down not on his pulse but directly restricted his throat. 
Malik and the others couldn’t see what was happening inside. 
Even though Alijah was held down, he remained uncooperative. He shouted, “Is this how you examine me? Malik! What are you doing standing there? Come over here!” 
Malik, who was named, still didn’t understand what was going on. 
He hurried over, then froze because Alijah on the bed was completely different from the one he had seen just two days ago. 
His skin seemed almost translucent, and his cheekbones protruded significantly. How did he lose so much weight in just a few days? 
The most eerie part was his restless eyeballs, as if they weren’t his own. 
Malik followed through with Alijah’s words. If Alijah didn’t let him into the bedroom, he wouldn’t go in. 
After all, Alijah habitually kept some important company documents locked in his safe, so Malik wouldn’t 
come up often to avoid suspicion. 
But Malik never expected that Alijah would look like this when he saw him again. 
“I know you. You’re the young lady brought back by the Quinnell family.” Alijah quieted down. With his hands hidden under the quilt, he attempted to assert his seniority. “Is this how Fabian taught you?” 
Wynter smirked and said indifferently, “Mr. Fenton Senior, your condition is quite serious. The treatment method will be a bit unconventional.” 
“Don’t talk nonsense.” Alijah squinted. “I know my body best. There’s nothing that needs treatment.” 
hapter 1137 Taking Action 
Wynter’s eyes were deep, “Indeed, there’s nothing that needs treatment, since all your organs are failing.” 
“You…” It was only then that Alijah realized the confinement spreading around him. 
He had never encountered such a thing before. His whole body felt like it was burning, as though there was a scorching breath all around. 
Suddenly, Alijah seemed to realize something. “You’re skilled in the Arcane Way!” 
“It’s divine healing,” Wynter kindly explained. 
It might have been better if she hadn’t explained. Once she did, Alijah became even angrier. His resentment burst out. 
Alijah could no longer maintain his calm demeanor. His eyes, without any whites, turned toward Wynter. 
This scared Austin, who gasped. “Grandpa!” 
With this call, Alijah’s gaze turned directly toward him. He moved as if he wanted to grab Austin. 
Austin couldn’t bear to see Alijah like this. His voice trembled as he asked, “Wynter, what’s going on?” “Get out of the way.” Wynter’s eyes narrowed. “He’s trying to possess your body.” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter1138
Chapter 1138 Good at Acting 
Austin’s eyes widened in shock. What did Wynter mean by possessing his body? 
Wynter didn’t have time to explain much. With a single hand lowered, she steadily chanted, “Begone, spirit. Release this vessel’s hold and return to whence you came in peace unfold.” 
With each word she uttered, Alijah’s expression grew more ferocious, as though he were looking for the 
next vessel. However, all four directions were sealed off, and he couldn’t escape. 
As Wynter spoke the final word, Alijah suddenly roared to the sky, releasing a thick black mist. 
Wynter noticed it and timely evaded it. 
But the black mist headed unabashedly toward Dalton’s direction because that was the only gap left. 
Every malevolent spirit loved bodies with dense fortune, aside from immediate kin. 
When Alijah saw Dalton, his eyes lit up. Dalton had such a potent fortune. Just one suck would help him recover from the injuries he’d suffered. 
Sucking his fortune was fine, but possessing him wasn’t. 
Alijah wasn’t stupid. He knew such people bore heavenly luck. 
But after all, Dalton was human. Regardless of who it was, if their energy was sucked away by a malevolent spirit, they would fall ill. 
Wynter didn’t want Dalton’s condition to worsen. She had fed him so much precious herbal medicine, and she hadn’t borrowed his fortune regularly. Where did this malevolent spirit get its nerve? 
At this thought, Wynter raised her hand, ready to dismiss Alijah. 
Austin, however, stood in front of her. “Wynter, don’t!” 
He knew Wynter’s methods. If she acted, Alijah would be finished. 
Blocked like this, Wynter missed the best opportunity to stop Alijah. 
Alijah immediately took the opportunity to get closer to Dalton. 
He wasn’t an earthbound spirit, so the purple aura on Dalton’s body didn’t affect him. 
Alijah genuinely felt that Dalton’s body was great. Even if he couldn’t take over him, touching such a youthful body would be good enough. 
Alijah’s greedy gaze was terrifying. 
Just then, he extended his najls, which were no longer like those of a normal human. They were entirely black, reminiscent of the unnaturally long nails that appear overnight on the elderly after death. 
Austin was dumbfounded. He regretted stopping Wynter, but it was all too late. 
Alijah smirked, showing a triumphant smile. 
Chapter 1138 Good at Acting 
However, in the next second, he froze in place. Even the hand he had extended twitched. 
As if in extreme pain, he kneeled heavily on the ground. His blood was boiling uncontrollably and almost 
set him on fire. 
Alijah involuntarily lifted his head to watch the man standing calmly and superiorly. Dalton’s disdainful 
eyes made his whole body tremble. 
What was this feeling? Why did he feel controlled, with his only thought being to kneel and beg for mercy? It was as if standing for another second would make him vanish forever. 
Alijah saw Dalton smiling. 
“Filthy,” Dalton muttered a single word, as if mocking Alijah’s ignorance. 
Filthy? 
Before Alijah could react, Dalton was pulled away. 
It was Wynter. Her speed was fast enough that it looked as if Dalton escaped harm because Alijah didn’t touch him. 
In reality, only Alijah knew what had just happened. 
Meanwhile, Dalton feigned surprise at the right moment and suppressed his presence. With his wrist held by Wynter, he spoke with a gentle cough. “What’s going on with Mr. Fenton Senior?” 
###chapter1139
Chapter 1139 Their Past 
“He used a special method to extend his lifespan.” Wynter glanced at Dalton and bruised away imaginary dust from his clothes. “Now it’s backfiring. 
“He wants to switch bodies again, and he even wants to use your fortune. Ha, as if he deserves it‘ 
Her voice was low, almost making it seem like a whispered conv 
sion between them 
Their posture was quite intimate. He, with his aloof nobility, and she, with her enchanting beauty, 
complemented each other well. 
After hearing her words, Dalton smiled faintly and said in a pleasant voice, ‘Don’t worry. I’ll keep my fortune for you to use.” 
Wynter didn’t want to be swayed by his charm. Yet, he was not only good–looking but also gentle and 
obedient. He was almost an ideal partner. 
Wynter was aware of her brothers‘ concerns. Even the kids she took in seemed worried. Perhaps they 
were afraid she’d lose her head over love. 
With Dalton’s looks, it was indeed easy for someone to get love–struck 
If he really messed up, just lowering his head in front of her might make her want to pet his head. 
But was it jealousy that made her play these tricks? In any case, she couldn’t let her man lose. 
When this thought surged in her mind, Wynter seemed to suddenly see a scene in front of her 
On the misty mountains, a young man was injured. He was exceptionally handsome, with long hair 
covering his face. The only clear feature visible was his smooth jawline. 
He looked somewhat stubborn and unwilling to admit defeat. 
She coaxed softly, “Just let him have his way. You’re older than him 
“Ha. Do you really think I’m old?” The young man’s voice momentarily overlapped with the man before her 
eyes. 
Wynter shook her head to shake off these inexplicable feelings and pulled Dalton back saying ‘Step 
back. Let me end this.” 
“Okay,” Dalton replied softly. Anyone with keen eyes could tell he was in a good mood. 
Meanwhile, Alijah was trembling all over. Wynter didn’t need to end him as he couldnt even stand up 
anymore. 
Dalton was pretending. He could have dodged Alijah’s attack just now. No, he didnt even need to 
Alijah wondered just who Dalton was to exert such effortless control over him 
His lifespan was maintained by witchcraft. Now, he seemed to have lost all his cultivation. He bent his body and spayed out a pool of black water. 
Chapter Pay Their Past 
282 
Looking closely, that black water seemed to be moving. 
Wynter raised her hand and used the Epoch Collection to clean it up. 
Light streamed in from the window on the east side, and the black water on the ground evaporated without a trace. Looking down again, she was surprised to see a piece of paper. 
The paper’s color was somewhat special, unlike talisman paper. There were words written on it, which made Wynter pause in her steps, and her eyes were inscrutable. 
“Alijah Fenton peacefully passed away at the age of 81.” 
Austin also saw the words on it. His eyes were filled with confusion as he looked at Wynter. “Wynter, what does that mean? This paper…” 
Wynter didn’t answer his question. Instead, she bent down to pick up the paper. “Go check on Mr. Fenton Senior.” 
Austin didn’t refuse. Alijah’s condition looked dire, as if his life was hanging by a thread. Lying there, he stared blankly at the ceiling. 
Meanwhile, Wynter pondered while holding the paper. 
This was a paper from the Ledger of Souls that the underworld guards always carried with them. Why would it be with Alijah? 
“Grandpa!” Austin’s crying came in waves. 
Alijah reached out and stroked his face. “My dear, don’t cry. I’m old now, really old.” 
###chapter1140
Chapter 1140 Using His Seniority to Pressure Others 
Alijah sounded like he was speaking to Austin, but also as if he were talking to himself. 
“I should have left long ago. I foolishly held onto the hope of seeing you marry and have children, but that was just wishful thinking.” 
Upon hearing this, Austin completely lost his composure and turned to Wynter. “Wynter, you can save Grandpa, right? You must be able to save him!” 
“I can’t,” Wynter replied with lowered eyes. “Someone who was supposed to have passed away would only drain the vitality around them when they stay in a place where they don’t belong. 
“Not only would he harm his descendants, but others as well.” 
Hugging Alijah, Austin shook his head desperately. “My grandpa isn’t like that. Wynter, I beg you. He loves me the most. Please, just this once.” 
Alijah also looked at Wynter with one hand still hidden behind his back. 
Originally, Wynter didn’t want to expose him. She preferred to leave only good memories for the 
grandfather and grandson. 
But since Alijah had meddled in things he shouldn’t have, he must pay the price for it. 
“Is seeing Austin marry and have children your only wish, or do you want to achieve immortality through witchcraft, Mr. Fenton Senior? You should tell Austin what elixir allowed you to live this long.” 
“Wynter, I don’t understand what you’re saying. I can’t control myself.” Alijah looked pitiful. “If I could choose, I wouldn’t want to live like this either. 
“But I’ve become like this ever since that Yvette lady treated me. I really can’t control it.” 
Such acting might have fooled others, but Wynter was, after all, a psychologist. 
Whenever there was a contradiction between speech and behavior, it proved that everything he said was only for himself. 
Wynter’s eyes darkened. “She didn’t let you die, nor did she save you. You should be aware of your own changes. You even killed someone. Before this, you planned to attack Logan, didn’t you?” 
Austin couldn’t believe what he was hearing. “Grandpa, you wanted to attack Logan?” 
“I didn’t!” Alijah struggled to speak with his last breath. “Wynter, I have no grudge against you. How could you wrongly accuse me like this? 1–I wouldn’t ever harm someone younger than me.” 
Wynter looked at him. “You just didn’t succeed because he has a stronger sigil on him. Yet, you haven’t given up finding a substitute. 
“You wanted to appear normal, so you consumed offerings. But you didn’t want to do that anymore, so you’ve turned to using human blood. 
771 
“A malevolent spirit will leave marks first if it wants to completely take over another person’s body 
“You’ll be easily exposed if you do it to others. But if it’s your own grandson, it’ll be much simpler. You can 
take over a little bit every day while he’s unaware. 
“Most importantly, he’s still young. You can use his body for a long time.” 
As Wynter said that, she pulled Austin closer to her with her hands on his shoulder. 
No one noticed just now, but now they saw it clearly Austin’s shoulders were covered with countless 
black palm prints, which were densely packed. They looked horrifying 
Seeing this scene, not only Austin’s, but even Malik’s face changed. He pulled Austin back, and his eyes. were filled with confusion “Why, Dad? Austin is your grandson!” 
If Malik still didn’t understand what Wynter meant by now, then he would truly be foolish 
But how could he accept that his father had turned into someone like this? 
“You can give birth to another grandson for me.” Alijah’s eyes suddenly turned cold. “You know the situation with the Fenton family now 
“What use is a brat like him? Why should I be the one who dies? Why not someone else? 
“There are so many villains in this world. What’s wrong with me living a little longer? Aren’t you supposed to be my most dutiful son?” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward 
###chapter1141
Chapter 1141 Indebted to You 
“You wouldn’t even exist if not for me, let alone that brat. While you lots were being revered by outsiders, I’m lying in bed waiting for my death! 
“If you truly love me, you ought to share your lifespan with me!” Alijah refuted with eyes full of madness and greed. 
Austin was stupefied. He couldn’t believe that his beloved grandfather would utter such cruel words. 
Despite knowing his descendants‘ fortune would be sacrificed, Alijah still struck a deal with the devil upon discovering a way to extend his lifespan. All he desired was to remain young and alive. 
With a quick glance, Alijah attempted to reach out and seize a substitute. Just as he was about to extend his cursed hand, he abruptly came to a stop. 
Alijah thought his scheme had gone unnoticed, yet Wynter had knowingly tied a lucky coin around his wrist. The thread quivered at the slightest movement he made. 
Alijah instantly felt an inextinguishable flame sear through his body. He widened his eyes in horror upon sensing his soul gradually fading. 
He clutched his chest in agony before collapsing stiffly onto the ground. His nails had returned to normal, but his body began to rot. 
It was an expected result of someone who stubbornly lived beyond their death. 
Both Malik and Austin stood dumbfounded by the appalling event, a stark contrast to the oblivious ladies chatting happily in the living room. 
With a heavy heart, Malik covered Alijah’s corpse with a blanket and sighed. “My father wasn’t like this before.” 
It was unknown whether such explanatory words were meant for himself or Wynter. 
After all, no one would willingly accept to be treated as mere tools by their closest family. Yet, the palm print on Austin’s shoulder proved otherwise. 
Malik remembered reading a foreign news story regarding a wealthy man, who had his blood replaced with his son’s in an effort to stay young. 
Although Malik dismissed it as a pássing conversation, he recalled his father appearing interested in such stories. 
Back then, Alijah had questioned the plausibility of eternal life through exchange transfusion in the office. 
Malik recalled responding to the question from a scientific perspective, mentioning the replacement of cells and the like. 
At that time, Malik wondered if his father had considered investing in such projects. He didn’t give much thought to it, but now he understood the reason. 
Center 1141 
Malik shook his head with a sigh and turned to Wynter. 
“We are deeply indebted to both of you. However, my father valued manners and etiquette throughout his life. For his sake, I hope you’ll refrain from discussing today’s incident in public,” he pleaded earnestly 
Glancing at Austin, Malik added, “And can you please take a look at Austin’s shoulder?” 
As the oldest son, Malik had to tactfully ease the turmoil within the family lest they would suffer serious 
repercussions. Although he refused to forgive Alijah for his misdeeds, he couldn’t allow his father’s name 
to be tarnished. 
“Let’s just pretend this never happened. What do you say. Austin? Malik asked with a downcast gaze. 
Nodding in affirmation, Austin stared at Alijah’s corpse as tears rolled in his eyes. No matter how hard he tried, he just couldn’t understand. 
But that was the way the world worked While some would go to great lengths for the ones they loved. others would stop at nothing for their own gains. 
###chapter1142
Chapter 1142 He Will Be Fine 
Ironically, one would finally mature upon recognizing that not all parents genuinely loved their children. 
Some desired the glory brought upon them, while others sought dominance and control. Some favored sons over daughters, and others overwhelmed their children with overprotectiveness. 
Many failed to understand the harsh reality and never stopped questioning, though their answers 
remained unheard. 
For Alijah, his desire for immortality outweighed all concerns in his life. 
Wynter forbade anyone from touching Alijah’s corpse. She took out a talisman and drew on it. 
“I suggest cremating Mr. Alijah’s body by this afternoon. Don’t let anyone stay in this room for now. And 
Austin…” 
Upon hearing his name called, Austin lifted his eyes sorrowfully. Wynter glanced at his shoulder and handed him a lucky coin. 
“Here, hold onto this. You probably need to take some herbal baths, so I’ll write you a prescription later. 
“As for the sigil, the fastest way to remove it from your shoulder is through acts of kindness. Your merits will repress any lingering resentments,” Wynter remarked. 
“I know. That’s why you asked my mom and the others to make donations,” Austin replied softly. 
“There’s no harm in doing good. Over the years, the Fentons might have conducted wrongdoings in 
businesses, whether by accident or deception. You may have unknowingly borne personal burdens,” 
Wynter explained. 
She was only willing to give further advice for Austin’s sake. Despite being family, Austin differed greatly 
from his egotistical grandfather. 
Wynter had acknowledged Austin as a kind and decent man. He welcomed her with open arms upon their 
first meeting. 
Instead of scorning her for her poor background, he was respectful toward her. However, he was prone to the influence of his peers within the same social circle. 
While the Quinnells had their fortune stolen, the Fentons were facing a decline in fortune. It was evident 
that the Fenton family was rotten inside out. 
Perhaps, they had failed to raise a competent child throughout the years. 
That said, it wasn’t entirely unexpected. While some fooled around with their mistresses, others remained 
cautious against their own wives. Wynter even doubted that their businesses were thriving. 
Shaking her head with a sigh, Wynter turned to Malik and advised, “I know you’ve made a lot of profit, but i suggest you keep your taxes in check. You wouldn’t want Austin ending up on the streets, would you?” 
Malik swiftly raised his head at her words. “You’re right. I’ll remember that.” 
Chapter 1142 He Will de Fine 
“You should also decide when to announce Mr. Fenton Senior’s passing. As for the sigil on Austin’s shoulder, there’s no need to worry. A sincere and righteous man like him will stay protected in his whole life,” Wynter comforted him. 
She recalled Austin’s angry face when he learned about the resentful infant. Despite his affluent upbringing, he had a kind soul and never judged others by their backgrounds. 
Wynter wished for his life to be free from suffering and torments. 
Dalton realized Wynter’s intention since she usually refrained from offering advice. Such reminders were a breach of the heavenly laws, and a medium could face serious consequences for divulging secrets. 
Each person had a predetermined fate, and those who forcibly intervened would bear personal burdens. 
Dalton doubted Wynter was ignorant of such rules, yet she still made her words clear. He couldn’t help but inwardly question her interest in Austin. 
###chapter1143
Chapter 1143 Jealousy 
Dalton instinctively shot a cold glance at Austin, who appeared rather pitiful and innocent. 
At that moment, Dalton recalled Wynter’s preference for such men over him. She had once stated that she was drawn to their melancholic appearance and found them fun to tease. 
Dalton secretly let out a scoff as he suppressed his annoyance behind his perfect facade. 
Lost in his grief, Austin failed to realize his constant pestering of Wynter had given others the wrong impressions. 
Wynter and Dalton’s visit was abruptly cut short by the unexpected incident. As Malik began making arrangements for Alijah’s funeral, Dalton suddenly called out to him. 
“Leave the death announcement for another day,” Dalton instructed, leaving Malik confused. 
Despite feeling annoyed by Wynter’s concern toward Austin, Dalton still provided an 
explanation. 
Mr. Fenton Senior passed away upon Wynter’s visit. If words went out, it would be bad for her reputation.” 
It seemed no 
one had considered the impact of Alijah’s death on Wynter aside from 
Dalton. Even though she had helped cleanse the house and laid Alijah to rest, others might 
mistakenly believe that she had caused his demise. 
She was already notorious for jinxing her father, and Dalton feared that the rumors would 
only worsen her reputation. 
Wynter couldn’t care less about her reputation. Upon hearing Dalton’s words, she was momentarily stunned and turned to him with sparkling eyes. 
“How nice of you,” she whispered into his ears. 
In truth, certain personal burdens were hard to banish, yet Wynter had intervened in the 
Fentons‘ affair for Austin’s sake. 
Displeased with Wynter’s decision, Dalton had refused to respond to her. Yet, he couldn’t 
help but lecture her when she approached. 
“For a cultivator, both reputation and belief are of utmost importance. There’s no harm in 
sending you praises.” 
Chapter 1143 Jealousy 
Though Dalton’s voice was as calm and reserved as ever, Wynter could discern the anger 
in his tone. 
Confused, she turned to Whitley. “What did you do to him?” 
Before Whitley could respond, Wynter swiftly added, “Don’t mess with my fiancé.” 
Whitley was left speechless. How he wished he could tell Wynter that she was the one who had upset Dalton. 
The Fentons promised to heed Dalton’s words. In truth, they also felt it was inappropriate to announce Alijah’s death so soon. 
At that moment, Malik voiced his confusion, “How strange. Dr. Yates affirmed that my father had be red back then. How did he end up like this?” 
Wynter raised her brow at Malik’s words. Instead of mentioning the Ledgers of Souls, she questioned, “A doctor surnamed Yates?” 
“Exactly! She’s known as a genius doctor and is rather skilled in traditional medicine. 
Rumors have it that her needles can bring the dead back to life. She’s currently staying in a mansion at Oceanview Street,” Malik replied. 
Hearing that, Wynter stopped caressing her purple sugilite pendant and asked, “Is her name Yvette Yates?” 
Malik exclaimed in surprise, “How did you know? Did you perform a divination?” 
“Nope. I just happen to know her,” Wynter stated while tucking her purple sugilite pendant away. 
Malik could hardly contain his excitement. “What a coincidence! To think you’re friends with Dr. Yates!” 
###chapter1144
Chapter 1144 Peace Has Returned 
“I wouldn’t say we’re friends, more like acquaintances. During my time with the Yates 
family, she tried to harm me on a few occasions,” Wynter remarked calmly. 
Malik’s smile faltered instantly, along with the words he intended to speak 
“Don’t be nervous. I’m just curious–how could someone with average medical skills be 
hailed as a genius doctor?” Wynter flashed a meaningful smile. 
Malik understood her implications, yet he couldn’t shake off his confusion. “Her skills are 
unquestionable. She cured my wife.” 
After a moment of pondering, Wynter decided to inquire further. According to Malik, Yvette was capable of performing acupuncture treatment. However, its effectiveness remained 
debatable. 
Alt 
ah Wynter hadn’t returned to the mansion recently, she doubted Yvette had learned 
nique from Margaret. 
More importantly, Yvette had mentioned that both the Fenton and Winston families would 
flourish in the near future. 
Strangely enough, Yvette’s statement hinted at two things. It would’ve been expected if 
she had only mentioned the Fentons, yet she included the Winstons as well. 
Wynter had sensed an unusual presence around Yvette during their last encounter, and that 
feeling had heightened since then. It seemed that she needed to make a trip to the 
mansion before heading to Hawford. 
“You mentioned that Yvette has headed to Hawford. Is that right, Mr. Malik?” Wynter questioned upon catching onto a detail. 
“My father has been behaving weirdly lately. Out of concern, we attempted to request Dr. Yates… I mean, Ms. Yates, for treatment. 
“However, she said she had a patient in Hawford and wouldn’t be back in Kingbourne any time soon,” Malik answered. 
“That’s too much of a coincidence,” Wynter remarked with a frown. As she caressed her 
purple sugilite, she attempted to piece all the information together. 
While Wynter had a hunch, it was purely a wild guess–Yvette’s departure to Hawford might 
Chapter 1144 Peace Has Returned 
be related to the Winstons. In that case, she needed to uncover why the Winstons held 
Yvette in high regard. 
Nonetheless, she had to make her way to Hawford as soon as possible. 
2/2 
Wynter rose to her feet and glanced at Malik. “Speaking of which, was Mr. Fenton Senior close to any mediums or fortune tellers?” 
“Not that I’m aware of. We’re mostly acquainted with the mediums from Mt. Dragon,” Malik replied. 
Wynter couldn’t help but frown at the familiar name. She quickly composed herself and stated, “Well, I’ll let you get on with your work, Mr. Malik. 
“If Austin encounters any problems, feel free to give me a call. The air in the house has been rather gloomy lately. It might be good to let your boys out sometimes.” 
Cooing that Wynter expressed genuine concern for his family, Malik felt touched by and 
eful for her kind words. 
Dalton and Wynter swiftly excused themselves and headed toward the door. 
The ladies in the living room were surprised to see Wynter leaving and attempted to go 
after her. After all, they still needed her guidance on the path to prosperity. 
However, Malik stopped the ladies with the pretext of an important announcement. He told 
the ladies about Alijah’s death and requested them to stay silent about the news. 
The ladies fell silent upon hearing Malik’s revelation. 
Truth be told, they had recognized Alijah’s odd behavior at home. However, they were too 
afraid to tell anyone about it. Now that peace had returned to the house, the Fentons might finally find some relief. 
After informing the ladies, Malik gave a call to the company. In truth, an overseas company had proposed a collaboration and willingly offered their assistance regarding tax affairs. 
Despite his initial temptation, Malik came to realize the risks and errors after hearing Wynter’s advice. Perhaps, it was time they learned a thing or two from the Quinnells. 
They shouldn’t be mere businessmen, but rather entrepreneurs who benefited the country and its people. 
###chapter1145
Chapter 1145 Everyone Was Impressed 
“Yes, I’m sure. We won’t be proceeding with the collaboration. Let’s cease contact from now on,” Malik declared firmly on the phone. Upon ending the call, he felt a heavy weight. being lifted off his shoulders. 
Although Malik grieved the loss of his father, he was left disheartened by Alijah’s malicious 
intentions. 
The chaos within the Fentons seemed to go unnoticed by the other families, who remained calm and composed. 
That said, the ladies appeared full of smiles as they escorted Wynter to the door. Such a sight left their daughters stupefied, who had been eagerly expecting to see Wynter embarrass herself. 
While the socialites scornfully belittled Wynter at their usual tea parties, Wynter had risen to a level they could never attain. The country bumpkin they loathed had easily brought down the Larson family without the need for socialization. 
But that wasn’t all. The socialites had been falling over backward to please the difficult ladies, only to see them showering Wynter with kindness and affection. The ladies were 
practically singing Wynter’s praises! 
“Just what kind of spell has Wynter cast over them?” the socialites indignantly wondered 
aloud. Yet, their question remained unanswered. 
They were silently seething with rage. Each had planned a scenario to embarrass Wynter, but it failed before they could even execute it. 
Adding to their frustration, they had to wait their turn to meet Wynter. Their fathers even 
warned them to treat Wynter with respect in the future. 
“Why do you want me to treat that woman with respect?” the socialites yelled out 
indignantly. Used to the veneration, they refused to accept the sudden turn of events and 
wreaked havoc in the house. 
“You’ve raised such a good daughter!” Seamus Hoffman ridiculed his wife over their 
daughter’s tantrum. He couldn’t stand the infighting in the house. 
Analia Benton retorted dismissively, “You always say that. I admit we’re not as wealthy as 
the Quinnells, but that doesn’t mean our daughter has to stoop so low to flatter a country 
bumpkin.” 
Chapter 1145 Everyone Was impressed 
“You ignorant woman! Can’t you see how the Quinnells treated Wynter? 
“And it’s not just the Fentons–the other ladies have stopped inviting you to their 
gatherings, haven’t they? We’re the ones falling behind this time, not the Quinnells!” 
Seamus refuted sternly. 
Hearing that, Analia suddenly recalled that she hadn’t been in touch with the other ladies 
for half a month. She had no idea about their recent conversations at all. 
As the realization dawned upon her, Analia turned to her husband in shock. 
“If you finally understand the situation, you should visit the Quinnells more. Although Marie and Shane ended up in a divorce, she’s still the mother of their children. 
“Besides, Wynter couldn’t have attained such power and influence solely through the Yarwoods‘ support. 
“You should’ve seen how both Mr. Quinnell Senior and her brothers dote on her! Don’t come crying when we get kicked out of the social circle,” Seamus lectured while fixing his tie. 
He then strode out of the house, leaving his wife with no words to refute. 
The socialites were oblivious to the recent developments during their gatherings. 
Among them, some returned from abroad and intended to build a career in the country. Being educated at prestigious schools, they boasted outstanding academic records. 
While the socialites dutifully pursued the paths set for them, Wynter had discreetly acquired and merged various companies under her family’s name. 
She attained such success without Fabian’s assistance, let alone mapping a plan for her future. 
At that point, the Quinnells were in a league of their own when it came to fame and assets. 
###chapter1146
Chapter 1146 The Talk of the Town 
Analia swiftly took out her phone, hoping to reconnect with her friends. 
Upon joining the group chat, she attempted to strike an engaging conversation but found everyone focused on building a connection with Wynter. Bewildered, Analia made a call to a friend. 
“What’s going on? Is there a need to sing Wynter’s praises? They didn’t seem so enthusiastic when Cassie returned from Traoland,” Analia grumbled. 
Hearing the jealousy in her tone, her friend hurriedly interjected, “I don’t mind your complaints, but please refrain from saying such things in the group chat.” 
Embarrassed the rebuke, Analia argued, “I just don’t understand. What in the world has 
happened?” 
“I understand where you’re coming from, Mrs. Hoffman. We’ve been friends for so long, 
after all. 
“But there’s something you must know–Ms. Wynter Quinnell is kind and capable. She understands the pain and struggles all housewives face. 
“Don’t feel jealous of her stealing Cassie’s limelight. Set aside your hostility and 
discrimination against her. It’s a fact that she brought the sinking Quinnell family back to life,” the friend insisted firmly before ending the call. 
Analia stared blankly at the messages flashing on her phone, completely oblivious to her 
daughter’s calling. 
Upon hearing her daughter’s vow to teach Wynter a lesson, Analia snapped back to reality 
and turned around. 
“Your father’s right, Cassie,” she stated sternly. 
Cassandra Hoffman could hardly believe her ears. As far as she knew, her mother had always supported her claims. 
Besides, Wynter had always been an eyesore. Ever since her arrival, she had been the talk of the town. On top of that, she set Naomi up and sent her away. 
As Naomi’s close friends, Cassandra and the other socialites promised to stand up for her. 
Stroking Cassandra’s hair, Analia gently advised, “I know what you’re thinking, Cassie. 
Chapter 1136 The Talk of the Town 
2/2 
“I know you’re close to Naomi, but have you ever thought about the true nature of your friendship? She knew you had feelings for Chad, yet she didn’t turn down his advances.” 
“But everyone knows who Naomi really likes. Her heart has always belonged to Mr. Yarwood. Even so, Chad never stops chasing after her,” Cassandra refuted. 
With a sigh, Analia shook her head and decided to pay the Quinnells a visit. She would rather have Cassandra confront the formidable Wynter than worry about the devious Naomi. 
On top of that, Analia was alarmed by the flooding messages in the group chat. She feared the possibility of being ostracized from the social circle if she failed to establish a connection with the Quinnells. 
In truth, Wynter was deeply aware that her visits had a profound impact on the aristocratic families. She had purposely done so to warn them against antagonizing the Quinnell family. 
Naomi heard about Wynter’s growing influence in prison, where she continued plotting her 
escape. 
She knew that someone would get her out of prison eventually. After all, her backers weren’t one to be deterred by the Quinnells. 
However, she was disgruntled when none of the aristocratic families succeeded in suppressing Wynter. To make matters worse, she had lost contact with all her connections within the families. 
Naomi knew that she couldn’t solely rely on emotional manipulation, but things had seriously gone awry. She couldn’t afford to stay in prison and wait any longer! At that moment, Naomi lifted her eyes and cast a gloomy glance to the side. 
###chapter1147
Chapter 1147 Covering for Her 
Upon meeting Naomi’s gaze, the patrolling guard gave a slight nod. Upon closer 
inspection, one would notice a subtle deference in his demeanor. 
It was apparent that outside influences were at play, such as the incident within the Fenton family. 
“Did the Fentons really say that?” a voice inquired. Upon receiving an affirmation, a figure lifted the voile curtains and stepped out in clogs. 
With a cold gaze, he demanded sternly, “I thought we had a deal. Has that old man decided he’s done living?” 
“It seems that the spell has failed. The Cascadian cultivators might’ve caught onto 
something 
That said, it’s only a matter of time before he’s discovered. After all, the Cascadian cultivators aren’t to be underestimated,” another figure standing nearby replied with a 
frown 
The first figure let out a hearty laugh. “No matter how strong they are, they are no match 
for your skills. Once we free the saintess and merge her soul, we’ll gain an infinite fortune. 
That’s what you said, sir. 
“Cascadia’s vast population is both a merit and a flaw. There exist countless thoughts and 
perspectives. And by manipulating certain beliefs, we’ll stand to benefit greatly. 
“Soon enough, the Celestial Force will be within our grasp.” 
Although he was frustrated by the failure in the Fenton family, he remained steadfast in pursuing his ambition. 
When their generals crumbled on the Cascadian land, he vowed to honor their last wishes. 
Back then, the Cascadians were living off of them. Though they appeared formidable now, 
they weren’t without weaknesses. 
After all, Project Spring had proven successful. Their kin who remained in Cascadia had concealed themselves flawlessly, unknown to anyone of their true identities. 
If it weren’t for the incident at the Quinnell residence, they would have proceeded with their 
second phase. 
Chapter 1147 Covering for Her. 
Fortunately, the incident had minimal impact on their grand scheme. If they couldn’t take 
over Kingbourne, they could start with Hawford instead. 
Besides, Hawford was a more conducive city for infiltration. More importantly, it was the 
perfect place to welcome their saintess‘ arrival. 
Meanwhile, Wynter and Dalton had arrived at Oceanview Street’s alley. Margaret, who 
hadn’t seen Wynter in ages, was thrilled. 
“Come, help me set up the stove. We’re making grilled ribs today,” Margaret exclaimed, clearly remembering Wynter’s favorite food. 
Margaret then glanced past Wynter and asked, “Where’s Wolf? I’ve made a new pair of 
mittens for him.” 
ourne was notably colder than Southdale, especially during the late autumn. The freezing breeze could bite at one’s face. 
Margaret had been worrying about her grandchildren, especially Wolf. When he first showed up at the doorstep, he was so small and reserved. On top of that, his hands tinged with frostbite. 
Hoping to ease Margaret’s concern, Wynter silently took a sip of her drink before pulling Dalton over. 
“This guy has sent Wolf to Mt. Dragon for spiritual practice,” she explained. 
“What? Is Wolf capable of doing that?” Margaret exclaimed in surprise. 
She had heard that cultivators valued a person’s affinity with living beings. However, she had witnessed various animals cowering before Wolf–even the goldfish flipped over in his 
presence. 
Margaret sincerely doubted that Wolf was capable of becoming a cultivator. 
Obviously, Wolf couldn’t become a cultivator due to his identity. If he were to participate in the training at Mt. Dragon, there would be serious retribution. 
Despite Wynter using him as an excuse, Dalton chose not to expose her and instead 
covered for her lies. 
“Indeed. Mr. Kasper Stavius believed that Wolf is exceptionally gifted, and it would be a waste of his talent if he didn’t pursue spiritual practices,” he replied calmly. 
###chapter1148
Chapter 1148 The Lord of Chaos 
Wynter swiftly turned her gaze to Dalton: Not only were his lies more convincing than hers, 
but his stole face also lent credibility. 
Wynter noticed Dalton remained expressionless throughout the deception, even throwing 
her a casual glance. 
As expected, Margaret believed Dalton’s lies. “Oh, I’ve heard about Mr. Stavius. My, Wolf is 
lucky to gain his recognition. Tell Wolf to work hard. I’ll go visit him soon. 
*Sure, let’s visit him at Mt. Dragon together,” Wynter agreed, unwilling to dampen 
Margaret’s spirits. 
Since Wynter planned to set off to Hawford, she decided to stay for a meal. She also 
offered some advice regarding the clinic’s development but entrusted the rest to a 
professional ma 
Wynter recalled that Margaret had stayed by her side during the time she lost her five 
senses. And, despite Wynter losing her sense of self, Margaret never abandoned her. 
However, the Yates family was beyond redemption, especially with Ewan’s insatiable 
greed. 
Wynter only wished that Margaret would live out her life peacefully and stop worrying about those undeserving. She also refrained from mentioning Yvette as she didn’t want to 
cause Margaret any distress. 
At that moment, Margaret recognized Whitley and exclaimed, “Oh, aren’t you a resident 
from Waterview Alley?” 
“Do you still remember me?” Whitley asked in surprise and took a step forward. 
“Of course I do. You and your friends might look mean and tough, but you’re all kids inside. How did you end up with Wynter? Why are you alone?” Margaret inquired. 
“I ran into some troubles after arriving in Kingbourne,” Whitley replied with his eyes 
downcast. 
When he could no longer feel the existence of the one he sought, he feared that they had met a grim fate. 
Sympathizing with Whitley, Wynter had instructed the Special Unit to conduct an 
investigation upon his decision to accompany her. 
Logically, it seemed impossible for someone from Southdale to simply vanish in Kingbourne. Regrettably, the Special Unit found no trace of the person in Kingbourne. 
However, ticket records suggested that he might be lured into an MLM organization. 
That lead gave Whitley a glimmer of hope. With records indicating the person heading southward, Whitley decided to pursue them in that direction. 
Feeling distressed over Whitley’s sorrow, Margaret served him a cinnamon roll and comforted him. “These are Wolf’s favorites. Eat it while it’s hot, my dear. May your life be filled with hope.” 
At that moment, Whitley felt an unexpected warmth surge in his heart. He instinctively glanced at Dalton, wondering if he had sensed the mysterious power from Margaret. 
As for Wolf, Whitley knew him better than anyone else. After all, they came from the same place. 
Whitley recalled seeing a tiny figure rummage through trash upon his awakening. Despite his size, the child was strong enough to push Whitley over and hurt his chest. 
Now that Whitley had regained some of his instincts, he recognized that the child was one of the ancient beasts known as “Chaos“. 
Surrounded by a dark aura, Chaos brought misfortune to those who cared for him. 
Logically, no ordinary human could raise such a being. Plus, Chaos was notorious for his ruthlessness and cruelty, 
After some time, Whitley noticed Wolf trailing behind an elderly person. Although his eyes were blank, he showed no signs of aggressiveness and dutifully followed the elderly person’s instructions. 
Witnessing Wolf’s obedience, Whitley averted his gaze with a sense of relief. After all, Chaos was bound to submit to a stronger master who defeated them. 
Yet, what kept him obedient by Margaret’s side? 
###chapter1149
Chapter 1149 Margaret’s Love 
When Margaret first met Wolf, he looked pitiful and shabby. 
No one would have imagined that the filthy and skinny child was actually a fearsome ancient beast. Till now, his identity remained hidden to all but the most proficient medium. 
Wolf had yet to awaken his powers, not to mention he appeared honest and unthreatening. 
Back then, Margaret found him cowering in the corner on a rainy day, as if he was a homeless stray. And he was quite ferocious, staring into the other’s eyes with a glaring 
gaze. 
Believing that the child was mentally ill, someone called the police. However, the police found no record of him in the blood bank and concluded he was an orphan. 
Since the orphanage couldn’t take him in, the authorities decided to classify the case as a missing child incident and close it. 
Wolf was far from calm and obedient back then. As he was unable to utter a word, he 
could only glare daggers at others. 
His menacing demeanor was enough to instill fear in ordinary people. He even tried to bite 
the police when they attempted to take him away. 
If Margaret hadn’t stepped in and adopted Wolf, he would’ve been sent to the youth detention center and undergone a psychiatric evaluation. 
While it took Margaret a few trips to gather the relevant documents, she managed to 
complete the adoption process with the profits from the massage parlor. 
The neighbors believed that Margaret held a special place in Wolf’s heart. Little did they know, part of the reason for Wolf’s obedience was due to Wynter’s harsh beating. 
Following Wynter’s example, Wolf treated those she trusted with kindness while beating up anyone who annoyed him. 
Yet, Wolf only felt warmth in Margaret’s presence. Though he had lost his memories, his 
instincts warned him of the imminent danger. 
He refused to let anyone approach him, believing they sought to exploit him. His fear and 
anxiety even drove him to bite Margaret frequently. 
Despite the bite marks on her arms, Margaret stroked Wolf’s head gently. “I’m not a 
epper & 149 Margarets Love 
2/2 
stranger; I’m your grandma. Don’t be afraid, I won’t hurt you. Here, have some pasta.” 
After a few repetitions of the same situation, Wolf came to realize that he was safe in this house. 
Margaret’s kindness wasn’t a 
to exploit him. Wolf’s thinking was direct and simple–if 
he worked harder, Margaret wood treat him well. 
As an ancient beast, Chaos had always been straightforward in his thinking and behavior. Obviously, he could feel the love from the ones around him. 
However, Whitley felt that there was more than that. Yet, he couldn’t describe the feeling. 
In truth, Whitley also enjoyed being near Margaret, who exuded a gentle and calming air. He could even smell the scent of herbs around her and longed to settle by her side. 
Noticing Whitley’s unusualness, Wynter cast a glance at Dalton and signaled him to chat with Margaret. 
Dalton sat courteously in his seat. Though he seemed imposing in his suit, he carried an air of sophistication when talking with his elders. 
Thank you for staying by Wynter’s side these few days,” Margaret remarked before 
erupting into a violent cough. It seemed that she had been suppressing it. 
With age, Margaret had learned to understand certain things and let go of her grudges. She 
shifted her gaze to Wynter and Whitley, who were chatting under the tree. 
I’m blessed to have Wynter as my granddaughter. I was worried that she’ll suffer 
grievances in Kingbourne,” she said with a faint smile. 
E 
###chapter1150
Chapter 1150 Kept Something for Her 
“Seeing how well she’s doing now makes me really happy,” Margaret remarked as she set aside the hand fan on the table. After swallowing a pill, her breathing finally steadied. 
Dalton gazed at her calmly, as if he had expected her deteriorating health. 
Unlike Wynter, he saw beyond the truth. However, he would never reveal those secrets to anyone. The best Dalton could do was offer his advice. 
“Are you going to tell her about your health?” he inquired. 
“And keep her worrying about a dying old woman? Oh, no. Now that she has taken over the 
Quinnell family, her employees are counting on her for their livelihood. 
“The last time I visited, she was sleeping in the chair. She’s just anxious about me, though I 
have no idea why,” Margaret replied with a dismissive wave. 
W 
faint smile and downcast eyes, Margaret continued, “I’m sure you’re aware of the situation in the Yates family. 
“Back then, I could hardly survive in Southdale. Everyone was calling me a murderer and a 
vicious mother–in–law. 
“However, Wynter stayed by my side without any complaints. Thanks to her, I managed to pull myself together and reopen my clinic in Kingbourne.” 
As she refilled Dalton’s cup, Margaret stated firmly, “I won’t cause any trouble for Wynter. However, I hope you’ll watch out for her when I’m gone, Earnest. 
“Though she seems indifferent, she’s quite sentimental. That said, I really hope to live long enough to see Wolf in school.” 
Dalton placed his hand on Margaret’s and comforted her. “Rest assured, you still have two years ahead.” 
Their conversation went unheard by Wynter, who was asking Whitley about his unusual behavior. 
Whitley pondered for a moment before replying, “I felt drawn to Madam Margaret for some reason, but she’s just an ordinary person. How strange.” 
It was surprising there were certain things that even a mythical beast was unaware of. 
hapter 1150 kept Something for Har 
While Wynter had harbored doubts about Margaret before, she decided to dismiss the matter. To Wynter, Margaret was her beloved grandmother. 
Just as Whitley was about to give further remarks, Margaret called out to them. “Don’t stand over there, or you’ll get bitten by bugs. Come here, Wynter. I have something to tell 
you.” 
Wynter instantly moved on from her conversation with Whitley and approached Margaret. Wynter seemed docile and compliant in Margaret’s presence, which was a sharp contrast to her domineering behavior outside. 
With her back hunched, Margaret appeared shorter than Wynter. Seeing Margaret reach out to stroke her hair, Wynter knelt beside Margaret’s feet. 
“You don’t need to sta, Grandma. I’m listening,” Wynter said softly. 
The mansion’s cozy layout brought back memories of their home in Southdale. Margaret often sat on a small wooden stool with a cushion supporting her back. 
“There was a time when you didn’t feel like yourself, Wynter. And I’m not sure if I should give this to you,” Margaret stated with a sigh as she stroked Wynter’s hair. 
“What are you trying to give me? I don’t remember leaving anything with you,” Wynter asked in confusion. 
Margaret chuckled softly and tapped Wynter’s cheek. “Not you. It was from the fortune teller who visited often. 
“You wanted to give it to Charlie, and we had a huge fight about it. I told you that I’ve returned it to the fortune teller, but I’ve actually kept it safe.” 
Wynter was completely dumbfounded. “Me? Giving something to Charlie?” 
###chapter1151
Chapter 1151 The Missing Item 
“You were completely devoted to Charlie back then, so it’s not surprising that you wanted 
to give it to him.” 
Margaret was reluctant to bring up Charlie. However, she acknowledged that Wynter 
wouldn’t have wanted to give it to Charlie if the gift wasn’t valuable. 
Margaret felt much more relieved after explaining. “You came to your senses just in time, and the Yate family’s engagement didn’t bind you. 
“I planned to return it to you when you go to college, as the fortune teller had instructed, 
but now seems to be the right moment.” 
Margaret had wanted to mention this the last time she saw Wynter, but Wynter looked 
unwell then. 
Seeing how exhausted Wynter looked back then, Margaret decided to let her sleep a little 
longer. Unexpectedly, by the next morning, Wynter had already left. 
Additionally, with Wynter about to leave for Hawford, Margaret didn’t know when they 
would meet again. Her only concern was to give Wynter the item. 
Wynter was indeed curious about what the item could be, knowing it was left by an old 
fortune teller. 
She was certain the fortune teller was Atwater. She hadn’t known he had left something for her. Her incomplete memories and vague fragments were a significant handicap. 
At this moment, Wynter hadn’t noticed Dalton’s expression. He was sipping tea with a 
contemplative look. “Are you trying to pledge your lifelong commitment by giving him that 
gift?” 
“Huh?” Wynter didn’t catch on immediately. 
“Let’s have a look at what wedding gift Ms. Quinnell had intended to give Charlie,” Dalton 
remarked calmly, though the air was thick with a hint of jealousy. 
Wynter turned to look at Whitley upon hearing this. “You must have done something to 
provoke him. Otherwise, why is he acting so weird today? Something’s off about him, and his vibe is a bit unusual.” 
Whitley pursued his lips. “I-” 
Wynter whispered, “This is the second time today. Once more, and that’s it.” 
Whitley felt helpless. He thought to himself that it was obviously Wynter who had made Dalton angry earlier in the Fenton residence. How could a turtle like him dare to provoke 
Dalton? 
Whitley, the Celestial Dragon, still thought he was a turtle. He was a Savior, after all. 
With that, Wynter watched Margaret approach with a wooden box. “Everything is here. 
Take a look.” 
Maragter handed the wooden box to Wynter. It was indeed unique, locked up with an Arcane diagram. The outer layer was easy to open, but the inner layer required proficiency in Arcane Divination. 
When Wynter reached out to take the wooden box and opened the outer layer, she found it empty. 
IT 
Margaret quickly noticed, too. She took the wooden box back and inspected it. Impossible. I checked it recently. The item was still there. How could it be missing?” 
Wynter stood up to comfort Margaret. “It’s okay. We’ll look for it later. It can’t get lost if it’s in the courtyard.” 
The mansion was equipped with surveillance cameras everywhere. They were originally installed to ensure Margaret’s safety, but they unexpectedly came in handy in this situation. 
The item was taken from Margaret’s room. 
Wynter remembered the recent reports that Yvette had frequently been in and out of Margaret’s bedroom. 
However, Yvette had always been diligent. She took care of Margaret and was nice to people. She didn’t seem like someone with a temper. 
Wynter had previously reminded herself to investigate Yvette’s true intentions. After all, there was no smoke without fire. 
Wynter couldn’t believe that someone who once held disdain toward Margaret would suddenly become grateful to her. 
###chapter1152
Chapter 1152 Family 
Yvette definitely hadn’t turned over a new leaf. There must be something more to it. Wynter had people investigate, but nothing was found. 
Now, Wynter understood why Yvette kept coming around. Besides wanting to leverage her connection with Margaret, the items in the wooden box were also her goal. 
“Grandma, the first layer of this box isn’t locked. Do you know what was inside?” 
Margaret knew well. “When the old fortune teller gave this to me, he mentioned the medical and the Arcane Way books in the first layer could be read freely, especially by you. They are all unique copies.” 
Suddenly, the dots in Wynter’s mind connected. No wonder Yvette’s skills seemed endless. 
It was because of the books. 
Wynter looked at Margaret. She didn’t like beating around the bush and decided to speak bluntly, “Grandma, I think I know who it is. 
“Several people have visited your courtyard recently, but there’s one you’re very familiar 
with. It’s Yvette Yates. 
“She had been using these medical books to practice acupuncture and treat people recently. Her medical skills are fine. I’m just worried she might use the Arcane Way books to create a false reputation for herself.” 
Margaret wavered slightly upon hearing this. In her twilight years, she longed to enjoy the happiness that family brought her and was therefore easily swayed by the younger generation. 
Recently, Margaret had thought that Yvette was different from the rest of the Yates family. 
However, she knew that this way of thinking could cause more trouble for Wynter. So, she didn’t agree to any of Yvette’s/requests and had subtly guarded against her. 
Margaret hadn’t expected that despite her precautions, Yvette would still find the items in 
her room. 
What Margaret didn’t know was that Yvette had been reborn and knew exactly what 
valuable items Margaret had kept hidden. 
However, Yvettes had failed to open the inner layer of the wooden box despite having 
studied it for a long time. 
Nevertheless, the medical books were the most useful to her, especially since they were unique copies containing many lost acupuncture techniques. She had pieced together the knowledge bit by bit. 
Yvettes didn’t intend to take the Arcane Way books initially. But later, she realized that many people she knew were fascinated by the Arcane Way. 
After all, who wouldn’t want skills that could help them rise to the top? Knowing that she could predict major future events, she decided to take all of the books. 
No one knew that when she treated Alijah with acupuncture, she had also used the Arcane Way skills taught in the book as suggested by the medium. 
But of course, Yvette wasn’t foolish enough to reveal all the tricks up her sleeves. The medium only provided ideas, while she was the one who executed them. 
Margaret now deeply regretted her actions. She pounded on herself. “Why was I so soft- hearted? I should never have let her into the courtyard.” 
“Grandma.” Wynter stopped Margaret from hitting herself. “It’s not a big deal. It’s just some basic books. The important things inside are still there.” 
Margaret took a deep breath and decided to bring up something she had long wanted to 
say. 
“Wynter, you don’t have to worry about me being alone in my old age. I have never felt lonely. I might be soft–hearted with them, but you shouldn’t be. Just be yourself. 
“If you think someone deserves to be punished, do it. You must have known about Yvette’s visit. 
“I understand that you want to leave a family member for me, but look at where we are now. What is family?” 
Margaret laughed, as if she had come to terms with it. 
“She came to me just to steal from me or use me to get to you. If that’s the case, I’d rather not have them around.” 
“Grandma…” Wynter was about to continue, but when she saw Margaret’s unwavering gaze, she nodded. “Don’t worry. I won’t be kind to them anymore.” 
###chapter1153
Chapter 1153 Love Lingers Stubbornly 
In the past, Wynter had indeed wanted to leave Margaret a family tie. After all, 
Margaret had given all her love for Yvette to Wynter. 
Later, when the Yates family drove Margaret out, Wynter had seen her staring blankly 
at a pair of crib shoes. They were handmade gifts meant for Yvette. 
However, Wanda had shown disdain and refused to accept them. She even prevented Margaret from seeing Yvette. Wynter knew how much Margaret had 
wanted to see Yvette back then. 
It was said that blood was thicker than water. Wynter could face the world rationally, but not Margaret. When everyone rejected her, it was Margaret who stood by her. 
Margaret had always said things about never letting Wynter go hungry, and how Wynter must go to school. Whatever Wynter wanted, Margaret would save up to buy them, and she would do the same for Wolf as well. 
Everyone had weaknesses. They would lower their defenses for the ones they loved because they clung to hope. 
Although Margaret never said it, Wynter knew she had once held hope for Yvette. That was why Wynter hadn’t been ruthless enough when dealing with Yvette. 
But that would change. Wynter realized that, compared to Yvette, Margaret probably needed her and Wolf more. 
“I will bring Wolf back from Hawford to keep you company,” Wynter said. 
Margaret’s eyes lit up. Though she really wanted it, she knew Wynter needed more help outside. 
“Hawford and Kingbourne are different. It’s best for Wolf to stay with you. His unspent strength would be wasted on an old woman like me.” 
Wynter wanted to say more, but Margaret patted her hands. “I have no grand ambitions, so I don’t ask for much. As long as you and Wolf are safe outside, that’s enough for me. I’ll be here waiting for both of you to return.” 
Chapter 1153 Love Lingers Stubbornly 
2/3 
Wynter felt a warmth in her heart and nodded slightly. 
Whitley observed from a distance, sensing the difference. He felt an unprecedented sense of peace and comfort, like a warm spring breeze. 
However, this feeling also made him more certain that there was something unusual about Margaret, though he wasn’t sure exactly what it was. 
Whitley glanced surreptitiously at Dalton, who probably knew. 
Noticing Whitley’s gaze, Dalton turned away slightly. His eyes were deep, and his refined, noble face was partly obscured in the backlight and shadow. He revealed no 
emotion. 
Whitley felt an inexplicable sense of pressure, prompting him to quickly avert his 
gaze. 
Meanwhile, above the mansion, a crow flew by and perched on a poplar branch. 
As a Savior, Whitley quickly noticed this. He was particularly sensitive to the 
presence of his kind. He had a feeling that this crow seemed to follow Dalton around. 
With this in mind, Whitley shook his head and thought it was probably just his imagination. The crow was in Quinnell Villa too when Dalton wasn’t. 
However, though they were both Saviors, Whitley couldn’t help but feel that the crow’s appearance usually heralded bad news. 
The crow was unaware that Whitley, his former companion, was thinking ill of him. 
He had sensed Dalton’s unstable energy recently and thus appeared frequently. He 
also wanted to see if Whitley was behaving foolishly in front of Dalton. 
As a Savior, the crow also had a foresight ability. Recently, the weather in the southern region had been unusual. He had a feeling that Dalton’s last trace of soul 
was about to be found. 
Margaret prepared many things for Wynter, knowing that Wynter would leave the next afternoon. 
It was just like when Wynter had exams. Margaret would always cheer her on back then, even when her grades were abysmal. This support gave Wynter the time to 
Chapter 1153 Love Lingers Stubbornly
study the Soul Lock Formation. 
###chapter1154
Chapter 1154 Wynter’s Item 
Brute force wouldn’t work when it came to opening the Arcane diagram. 
It required opening it from the east, through the “Birth Gate“, striking out through the ” Rest Gate” in the southwest, and re–entering from the “Open Gate” in the north to 
break the formation. 
However, even then, the formation was not truly broken. 
The wooden box was marked with eight characters -Rest, Birth, Hurt, Restriction, Scenery, Death, Surprise, and Open. These characters represented the eight gates within the formation. 
Wynter looked at the corresponding numbers and suddenly had a flash of 
inspiration. A clicking sound was heard when she pressed the characters in the correct order. The lock opened. 
Wynter raised her eyebrows. Not because of anything else, but because the string of numbers was particularly familiar. “0715. It’s my birthday.” 
Wynter casually opened the wooden box. “It’s indeed a date Atwater would choose.” 
However, Wynter knew that her birthday fell on the Spirit Festival. It was a day when many people would remind children to return home early. 
Likely due to this festival, Shane had always believed that Wynter’s horoscope was unfavorable. After all, it was widely recognized as a festival for ghosts. 
On the day of the festival, altars were set up and worshiped in the streets and chapels. 
Larger ceremonies would include offerings to the Ghost King. Few knew that the Ghost King was also known as the Salvation King, an incarnation of the deity Daynon. 
A gust of wind swept through the moment the wooden box opened completely. This caused the flowers in the courtyard to sway. 
Even the stray cat stopped in its tracks, its beautiful glass eyes seeming fixed on 
something. The usually restless wolf–like dog also fell silent as it stood there in a 
Chapter 1154 Wynter’s Item 
daze. 
2/3 
It was as if something had emanated from underground, spreading throughout the 
entire mountain range. It was invisible to the human eye, but animals could sense it. 
In nature, animals always reacted faster than humans to impending events. For 
instance, before an earthquake, a school of fish would jump out of the water. 
This phenomenon wasn’t because of anything supernatural but was due to the geological changes preceding the earthquake. 
It affected gas solubility in the water due to the sudden increases in geothermal heat. It would decrease oxygen levels and increase sulfide content. 
Fish were the first to sense the change. 
Similarly, Whitley could see the reactions of the surrounding animals and knew that whatever was in the box was extraordinary. More importantly, he sensed that whatever was in the box could imprison him./ 
The crow that landed on the branches also saw what was inside the box. His eyes narrowed instantly, and the black feathers on his wings that fell off increased in 
numbers. 
Dalton sat beside Wynter as he gracefully held a teacup made of turquoise stone. 
His refined figure cast a rich shadow’on the ground. The light falling on his excessively handsome face highlighted his jaw’s angular contours, making it difficult for anyone to discern his thoughts. 
Yet, when Dalton’s gaze fell on the item, his deep eyes seemed bottomless. 
The crow kept his gaze on Dalton. For the first time, the crow seemed a bit flustered. He was too familiar with what was inside the wooden box. The grand master had once used the item to pierce Dalton. 
What the heck? Why was this thing still here? 
The crow flapped his wings and was ready to descend when Dalton simply raised his 
hand slightly, sending the crow bouncing back onto the branches. 
The crow’s eyes half–lowered. Did Dalton mean for him to not interfere? But it would 
Chapter 1154 Wynter’s Item 
be bad if someone used that item. 
3/3 
Wynter also realized that this curved dagger was different. It wasn’t just a typical Cascadian weapon. Its construction was more refined, and its shaft resembled an 
unknown animal’s skeleton. 
The curved dagger that Atwater left behind wasn’t discovered because it was 
dismantled and needed to be reassembled. 
###chapter1155
Chapter 1155 The Entanglement Between Two People 
There was also a partition in the wooden box. Now that it was the 21st century, Wynter knew it was impractical to carry a skeleton around without attracting 
suspicion. 
Atwater’s way of doing things sometimes really resembled those cultivators from Mt. Dragon. 
As soon as Wynter’s fingers touched the dagger, she immediately felt a surge of heat from her blood. It was as if the weapon was meant to be in her hand. The tassel on the curved dagger was exquisitely made. 
She had recalled some memories from her past life the last time she entered the formation and got the Soul Commanding Badge. Wasn’t she a cultivator in her previous life? Since when did cultivators use daggers? 
Wynter had seen cultivators use swords. At least, that was what they showed on TV, something related to flying sword techniques. She wondered if using a dagger 
meant she belonged to a small sect. 
Wynter ran her fingers along the dagger’s hilt. She liked it at first glance. By the 
second glance, she was already quite attached to it. 
Atwater wouldn’t have left her a dagger without a reason. Given her experiences in formations, the dagger must have a connection to her, 
“Do you like it?” Dalton’s voice came from beside her. His voice was unhurried and 
slightly deep. 
Wynter smiled. “It feels nice, but it’s inconvenient to carry around. It’ll get 
confiscated, whether on a high–speed train or a plane.” 
Upon hearing this, Dalton lowered the side of his face that rested on his hand, as if 
he was smiling. Wynter didn’t understand what was funny about her concern. 
Dalton grasped Wynter’s hand. His eyes were like pools of dark ink, arced into a hint 
of a smile. “It lacks a scabbard.” 
Wynter agreed. “Indeed. A proper scabbard for such a unique dagger is hard to find.” 
Chapter 1185 The Entanglement Between Two People 
“I have one. I got it when I was in Oakdol.” Dalton pretended to measure the dagger and got very close to Wynter. “It’s a perfect fit.” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. This was too coincidental. 
Dalton looked into Wynter’s eyes and laughed softly, with a slight cough. “Don’t overthink it. It really is a coincidence. I bought it because I liked the patterns on the 
scabbard.” 
Dalton wasn’t lying when he said that. At that time, he hadn’t remembered anything yet. He simply bought it because he liked the scabbard when it was sold. 
Later, whenever he saw the scabbard, he would always play with it in his hands. After all, it was something that took his life. He had painstakingly carved the patterns bit 
by bit on the scabbard himself. 
It seemed that Wynter had forgotten how many boy toys she used to have. 
Dalton rubbed her wrist with his thumb and spoke softly, “I’ll have it sent over before you leave.” 
Was he saying she should bring this to Hawford? As much as Wynter liked the 
dagger, she didn’t want to carry a skeleton everywhere she went. 
Dalton seemed to read Wynter’s thoughts and chuckled softly. “Where else would 
you put it?” 
Dalton had a point. Where else was Wynter going to put the dagger? The item in the 
box would easily be coveted by others. It was safer if she held onto it. 
“Alright, have the scabbard sent over.” Wynter’s hand tightened around Dalton’s. Her 
tear mole added to her allure. “Consider it as payment for your medication.” 
Dalton looked up, his gaze landed on Wynter’s moist lips. “There’s no need for such 
formality between us, my stingy fiancée.” 
“Then should I consider it a wedding gift?” Wynter laughed lightly. Her slender waist 
bent slightly, exuding an unrestrained charm. 
When they were together, it was hard to tell who was teasing whom by their 
demeanor. 
Chapter 1155 The Entanglement Between Two People 
3/3 
Dalton’s composure was unwavering, as if nothing could sway him. Even when his gaze darkened, tinged with an unfamiliar desire, he remained aloof and untainted, 
exuding an air of noble grace. 
Dalton’s hand rested on Wynter’s waist before he spoke again, his voice lowered much more, “Yes. Consider it a wedding gift.” 
The crow was most familiar with this scene. Long ago, he had seen it often when he was on the mountain. 
Was Dalton repeating his mistakes? Or was it because being with Wynter could help him find all his remnants? 
###chapter1156
Chapter 1156 A Chimera’s Skeleton 
The crow couldn’t fathom Dalton’s thoughts. But he did fear that dagger made of a 
Chimera’s skeleton. 
Indeed, the curved dagger wasn’t just any ordinary animal’s skeleton. It was from a Chimera, an ancient beast. Most importantly, it still carried the spiritual energy 
formed between heaven and earth. 
Back then, even the crow hadn’t expected that a seemingly insignificant sect that was consistently at the bottom in the Arcane Way tournaments every year would 
possess the purest spiritual energy. 
Furthermore, it was hidden deep within each of its members. 
If the crow hadn’t followed Dalton to live on the mountain, he wouldn’t have believed 
it. Dalton was also so bewitched by the art of the Arcane Way back then that he 
willingly became one of Wynter’s boy toys. 
Later on, Dalton stayed because he loved the sect’s spiritual energy. That was also 
when the crow shifted his stance and no longer disturbed Dalton. 
When Dalton mentioned that he wanted the scabbard, of course, the crow would 
bring it for him. 
In addition to the curved dagger in the wooden box, there was also a somewhat 
inconspicuous emerald and a turtle shell–like used for divination. 
Yvette only took some of the unique books, which required someone capable of 
deciphering their contents. But what remained now could predict fortunes and 
disasters. 
While Wynter touched these items, Leo, Dora, and Carol nearly lost control and 
revealed their original forms in public. 
These items were far too unfriendly to evil unborn souls. They were all imbued with 
spiritual energy and were capable of injuring the spirits once unsheathed. 
Having a scabbard for the dagger was better. Otherwise, the three of them wouldn’t 
dare come out and eat the food fed by Wynter. 
Whitley observed everything from a short distance. He didn’t dare approach, either, The curved dagger was too intimidating. 
But he didn’t understand why Dalton remained indifferent. After all, he should also be able to sense the dagger’s uniqueness, 
Still, Whitley was only guessing since he hadn’t recovered his memories. 
Meanwhile, Margaret packed some of Wynter’s favorite foods into a bag. Although she knew that everything was available on the road nowadays, she couldn’t help but worry as an elder, 
“When you see Wolf, make sure he eats more. These fried shrimp shouldn’t spoil in one night. He loves them.” 
Wynter looked at the box of shrimp, a smile reaching her eyes. “I love them, too.” 
“He’s a little glutton, and you’re a big one. It’s getting late, so you should go. Since you’re leaving for Hawford, Albert will surely have instructions for you.* 
Margaret wasn’t ignorant. On the contrary, she had learned to let go of some things at her age. But she always paid extra attention to what she truly cared about. 
“As for the Whitmans, I believe that you’ll find a way.” With that, Margaret said no 
further. 
Before getting in the car, Wynter bent down and hugged Margaret. Others might not understand what Wynter was doing, but Whitley did. She was using her own life span 
to extend Margaret’s life. 
Whitley furrowed his brows, but before he could move, Dalton raised his hands to separate Wynter from Margaret. 
His gaze was calm. “You’ll be back soon. Your grandma will still be here. Get in the 
car.* 
Margaret also urged Wynter. It was as if Margaret was deliberately avoiding Wynter’s palms that were on her back. She waved her hands. “Go on, silly child. I’ll be waiting for you to return.” 
Wynter lowered her gaze. She couldn’t tell if it was just her imagination, but Margaret 
373 
hapter 1156 A Chimera’s Skeleton 
seemed different from before. 
The more people experienced, the more they changed. Yet, there were some changes Wynter would rather Maraget had never undergone. 
Yvette shouldn’t have crossed the line. If Yvette wanted to pretend, she should have at least done it well and accompanied Margaret until the end before scheming and stealing. 
Wynter’s gaze dimmed. Since Margaret meant nothing but exploitation to Yvette, she could forget about using the things she had stolen from Wynter. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1157
Chapter 1157 Retrieving the Quinnell’s Holdings 
At night, Fabian stood before the ancestral tablets at the Quinnell residence. 
“Wynter is returning to Hawford, but it’s different this time. Many difficulties and obstacles await. 
“Fallen leaves must return to their roots. What I couldn’t accomplish, Wynter will do for me. I humbly request my ancestors‘ protection and guidance.” 
Due to the circumstances in the past, Fabian had moved their business from Hawford to Kingbourne. 
At that time, he thought he could return anytime they wanted. Who would have known that 70 years would pass before he got the chance? 
Both Fabian and Warren were sentimental individuals. Over the years, they had considered ways to return, but circumstances kept changing. 
Each year brought new challenges, and the Hawford business circle became increasingly complex with the influx of foreign investments. 
They couldn’t spare time from their commitments to leave Kingbourne, especially after Shane married Marie. 
Fabian thought Shane would stay in Hawford, as he had promised the Whitman family. But he turned out to be completely unreliable. 
Fabian’s lifelong wish was to return to Hawford with Warren once the Quinnell family was stable and everything was on the right track. 
He thought his wish would be impossible in his lifetime. However, when Wynter and Albert proposed entering the Hawford business circle, Fabian was both worried and gratified. 
“Mr. Quinnell Senior.” Warren stepped forward to support Fabian. “Everything in Hawford has been arranged. Some of the trading firms will be handed over to Ms. 
Quinnell. But as you know, they might not listen to her.” 
Fabian leaned on his dragon cane and glanced at the ancestral tablet once more. 
Chapter 1157 Get the Chunnell’s Holdings 
213 
“The Quinnells have been away from Hawford for too long. It’s natural for people to forget us. However, I believe that there are still some who remember us. 
“Those who swore their loyalty to my grandfather will not let their descendants make things difficult for Wynter. The real worry is that some people might be unwilling to return what belongs to us. 
“Once they hold power for too long, they will start thinking that it belongs to them.” 
Fabian turned his gaze back to Warren. “Warren, make further arrangements. Above all, ensure Wynter’s safety.” 
“Understood.” 
Having worked with Fabian for so many years, Warren was more like a close friend than a servant. 
“You don’t need to worry too much. As long as Ms. Quinnell can find what Mr. Quinnell Senior left behind, those people will fall in line.” 
Fabian wasn’t sure what Gordon might have left for Wynter. The Hawford businesses had been heavily infiltrated over the years. 
As the head of the Quinnell family, he hoped Wynter could reclaim all of the Quinnell Group’s holdings. But as a grandfather, he cared more about his granddaughter’s and grandson’s safety. 
Perhaps sensing Fabian’s concern, Albert spoke up before departing, “Rest assured that I will ensure Wynter’s safety. I have my methods when it comes to dealing with foreign enterprises.” 
Fabian was aware of the accomplishments Albert had achieved in Winnow Street over the years. 
However, Albert had never shown any intention of returning. In previous visits, he made it clear that he wanted to separate from the Quinnels‘ business ventures. 
This time, Albert’s change of heart filled Fabian with warmth. He reached out and patted Albet’s shoulders. “You’ve grown up. I was too strict before.” 
“I was immature.” Albert wa essed sharply in a suit. He spoke with intellect and 
at 115 pts Phibinets Holiday 
composure, “You were worried I might end up like my dad. Our personalities are very 
similar, both somewhat arrogant. 
“After returning and seeing Wynter, and learning about Grandpa Gordon’s life, 1 understand better the teachings you imparted to me in my youth. I went out, and it’s 
now time to come back.” 
Albert looked directly into Fabian’s eyes. “As a member of the Quinnell family, one can pursue ambitions, but the premise must be to serve the country. 
“You wanted me to return not out of a desire to control, but because you hoped I 
would apply what I have learned on our land.” 
Chapter 1358 The Real Cultivator 
###chapter1158
Chapter 1158 The Real Cultivator 
Fabian’s eyes welled up in tears as he looked at Albert, whom he had originally wanted to personally nurture. He felt that his whole life had been worthwhile. 
As people grew older, they came to understand a simple truth. 
If their descendants understood their thoughts instead of telling them what worked 
in their era was no longer applicable, that was a tremendous joy. 
Now, Fabian could truly entrust everything to the younger generation. He finally felt 
worthy of the Quinnell family. 
On the second floor, in the bedroom, Tobias furrowed his brows. “What are they 
talking about?” 
“It’s probably about going to Hawford. Some business arrangements are needed. 
Why?” Wynter intentionally left time for Fabian and Albert to talk, while she snacked 
and played games in Tobias‘ room. 
Upon hearing his question, Wynter laughed. “Are you interested too, Tobias?” 
“I’m not cut out for business.” Tobias couldn’t sit still and started pacing back and forth. His cool and handsome silver hair was inspired by animated shows. “It’s about the drama… Wynter, can I really do it?” 
Tobias took the chips from Wynter’s hands before hesitating when he remembered what his manager said about being camera–ready and not gaining weight. 
Wynter put down the gaming console. Her eyes were calm. “Didn’t you read the script?” 
“But everyone says the screenwriter is very picky, and it’s filming in Hawford.” Tobias hesitated for another moment before handing the chips back to Wynter. “I’m afraid I’ll embarrass our family.” 
Wynter chuckled. “With Rowan around, you have nothing to worry about. Besides, haven’t I told you? Tobian, you won’t embarrass anyone. 
“Your face alone suits the drama role perfectly, especially since you’ve mastered 
Chapter 1158 The Real Cultivator 
opera, haven’t you?” 
“How did you know that?” Tobia widened his eyes in surprise. His handsome and charming actor’s appearance shone through, his complexion flawless. “Did you 
arrange someone to keep an eye out for me?” 
2/3 
Wynter really cared about him. Tobias was uplifted once again. After all, compared to the other brothers, Wynter cared most about him and was closest to him. 
When Tobias smiled, he radiated an exceptionally bright and sunny demeanor. His eyes were crescent–shaped, just like the moon. This was a stark contrast to how he 
used to be. 
Back then, his face often clouded with melancholy, as if trouble loomed constantly. It 
was either he was hurting someone or himself. 
Tobias‘ sadness was evident on the surface. The rumors about him were twisted into 
hurtful gossip. Those who listened to such gossip and believed it concluded that he 
was unfit to be a proper idol. 
The gossip was about Tobias having a bad temper, being fond of establishing a 
certain image, using his teammates to advance his own position, and so on. 
In Wynter’s dreams, Tobias‘ fate wasn’t solely due to one reason. In his work, many 
people envied him and wanted to trample him underfoot. 
Wynter understood all this after participating in that TV show. This time, she would 
clear the path for Tobias. 
Tobias was Wynter’s biggest supporter. So, if he wanted to become a celebrity, Wynter would make it happen. She was more than capable of doing that. Moreover, Tobias‘ birthday was approaching. 
Wynter looked at Tobias, knowing he still had a hurdle to overcome. But there was one thing she was curious about. “Tobias, how were you able to use the Epoch 
Collection back then?” 
“How was I able to use it?” Tobias half–supported himself with one hand on the ground, and his long legs were slightly bent, exuding a superstar vibe. 
He answered, “I just threw them at Logan. Given the circumstances at that time, 1 figured doing something was better than doing nothing at all.” 
Chapter 1158 The Real Cultivator 
Wynter looked him up and down. “Really?” 
Tobias nodded. “Yeah, I just casually threw them.” Wynter couldn’t sit still after hearing that. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
Claim 
3/3 
###chapter1159
Chapter 1159 Will Not Favor Wynter 
Atwater once said that Wynter was the most suitable candidate for spiritual practice. 
As the supposed number one in spiritual practice, borrowing fortune from the Epoch 
Collection wasn’t as easy as throwing them casually. It required significant practice 
at the 
very least. 
It was lucky that Tobias chose the entertainment industry. If he had gone up the 
mountain for spiritual practice, those geniuses from Mt. Dragon might start doubting 
their life choices. 
“Tobias, have you considered changing industries?” Wynter asked. 
Tobias shook his head and exuded a rebellious expression. “Wynter, look at this face of mine. I’m born to be a celebrity. It can’t go to waste.” 
“True.” Wynter had gotten used to Tobias‘ arrogance. With that face, both devilish 
and cold, he was naturally idolized. However, he attracted too much attention and 
faced numerous hardships. 
“I have another Epoch Collection here.” Wynter took out a beaded bracelet and 
placed it on Tobias‘ wrist. “For safety.” 
Tobias wasn’t stupid. On the contrary, he was very smart. It was evident from their performance on the TV show where the two siblings solved problems. He wasn’t the foolish, naive person the public thought him to be. 
Upon seeing the Epoch Collection, Tobias‘ gaze deepened and landed on Wynter’s face. “Wynter, you seem worried that something might happen to me.” 
Wynter admitted, “I am worried. So, Tobias, you must protect yourself. When you sense something wrong, avoid the risk first.” 
“Don’t worry, I’m different from before. Now that I have all of you, I cherish my life 
even more,” Tobias said candidly. 
In the past, he always wanted to carve out his own path to prove himself to Shane, 
sometimes even disregarding his health and safety. 
Chapter 1aw Will Faver Vis 
Tobias would tough it out even under immense pressure. He had even fainted on 
stage once. 
Over the years, as an actor, he had faced countless attacks and criticism, Tobias had been holding on by sheer willpower. 
Now, he continued to strive toward his goal, but with greater ease. Because he knew that behind him stood Wynter, Rowan, Fabian, and the entire Quinnell family. 
The saying that the environment shaped a person was true indeed. 
The Quinnells were continuously improving themselves both externally and within the family. They were once scattered like stars in the sky. 
But now, they gathered like a blazing fire. Yet, this fire was bound to make others 
wary. 
Ever since people learned that Wynter was coming to Hawford, many could no longer sit still. 
The Quinnells‘ return to Hawford couldn’t be kept a secret. After all, sneaking back to 
their ancestral home wouldn’t be dignified if word got out. 
However, with such blatant openness, the Boyd family was the first to sneer. “Does she think this is Kingbourne? Does she think this is somewhere Fabian can back her up, so she can do as she pleases?” 
“She is just a naive youngster. When she arrives, she’ll realize that in Hawford, it’s not about connection. It’s about making money and understanding market opportunities. As for the rest, we’ll just listen to her babble.” 
“Mr. Russell is right. When the Quinnells‘ eldest son came, didn’t he leave in disgrace 
as well? 
“The Quinnell family isn’t what it used to be. They look glamorous on the surface, but their sensitivity to the international market is particularly low. They can’t keep up 
with the times.” 
“Albert is the one we should be wary of. He’s a very successful investor.” 
“After all, they are the Quinnell Keeping up appearances is what they do best. As 
Chapter 1159 Will Not Favor Wynter. 
for everything else, the market share is only so big, so there’s no room for 
concessions. They might not understand it even if we give them a chance.” 
“Our branch was initially supported by Mr. Quinnell Senior. I wouldn’t argue if he came personally to ask for something. But after so many generations, everyone knows the score.” 
###chapter1160
Chapter 1160 Setting Up Traps For Wynter 
Seven or eight people sat together as they ate. They seemed to be discussing 
Wynter’s arrival. But in reality, they were simply reluctant to return what belonged to 
others. 
They had started to believe that these things rightfully belonged to them after having 
occupied the nest for so long. 
Their current plan was to not embarrass the Quinnel family. After all, public perception couldn’t be too harsh, but they also couldn’t sacrifice their own interests. 
Of course, if possible, they were willing to impress Wynter with the power of Hawford’s capital circle. If she invested a few billion in them, they would gladly 
cooperate. 
It was like when they played Shane before. It was quite entertaining. 
However, Sebastian was more difficult to fool. He looked at them coldly at such a 
young age and quoted legal terms whenever he spoke. 
The reason why the Quinnell family hadn’t fallen was largely due to these 
grandchildren’s efforts. 
However, there was discord between appearance and reality, and they had heard a 
lot about it. Not all grandchildren would listen to their grandfather. 
As for Wynter, they had ways to deal with her. The trap was already set before Wynter even arrived. 
“Let’s not take the lead. After all, there’s still the Whitman family.” 
The grievances between the Whitmans and the Quinnells were well–known in 
Hawford. This was almost a sore spot for the Whitmans. 
It was unthinkable for the Whitmans to assist the Quinnells. It would already be 
considered a positive outcome as long as the Whitmans refrained from causing 
harm to the Quinnells. 
This was also a point that Hawford’s capital wanted to leverage. 
Chapter 1160 Setting Up Traps for Wynter 
2/3 
Unlike Kingbourne, doing business in Hawford was more receptive to international financing. Therefore, among the conference attendees, there was also a Foplyan 
businessman. 
The Foplyan businessman listened to everyone’s comments but didn’t speak. He 
was wearing a neat light gray suit. 
He didn’t look bad. On the contrary, he had a kind of sedimentary intellectual beauty, like a very educated young man. 
If it weren’t for the fact that he didn’t say where he came from, no one would have 
noticed that he was not Cascadian. 
“Alright, enough about that. Mr. Lyle probably doesn’t like hearing these things. Let’s 
talk about our future direction.” 
“Now that artificial intelligence has become a trend, the most important thing 
domestically and internationally is still relying on the internet. As a trading center and financial hub, Hawford will attract more people.” 
“The Winston family from Kingbourne has also come, and it’s said they’ve brought a talented person. I wonder if Mr. Lyle has received the news?” 
When asked, Doug Lyle nodded slightly. While he blended in with the Cascadians, one could still hear the difference in his accent when he spoke. 
“I’m very interested in the cooperation proposal from the Winston family. What is everyone’s opinion on this?” 
Laughter was heard. “Mr. Lyle, the Winstons have just arrived. Let’s see what they have to offer first before making a decision.” 
“Mr. Fenwick is right. Mr. Lyle, let’s wait a bit longer.” 
The aristocratic families each had their own agendas regarding the new Foplyan businessman. Everyone wanted to collaborate with him due to his immense financial 
power. 
The money seemed endless when the capital started to flow. On the other hand, they were particularly averse to businessmen coming from the north. 
3/3 
This had been a longstanding issue. It was never changing. The Quinnells couldn’t solve it alone. 
Upon hearing that Wynter was going to Hawford, one of Welkin Corporation’s founders, Larry Hilton, was worried. 
“Boss, Kingbourne is our home turf. Even without the Quinnells, our group is formidable here. If you go to Hawford, we won’t be able to help.” 
Wynter, however, remained the calmest of all. She casually replied, “Don’t worry.” 
Larry was extremely anxious. He was originally a corrupted boss and was always straightforward in his dealings. Upon receiving the news, he immediately headed to the chairman’s office. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
X 
###chapter1161
Chapter 1161 Wynter The Angel Investor 
“What’s wrong with you? The boss is going to Hawford. You should try to stop her at the very least. Even if you don’t stop her, you could at least send me to Hawford first 
to test the waters! 
“It’s not as if you don’t know how deep the capital circle in Hawford is! It’s not the 
same as our usual business!” 
The only person in the entire Welkin Corporation who would dare slam the table in the chairman’s office was Larry. 
No employees dared to approach at this moment. They were just curious about what had upset Larry. What could have brought him back from his vacation to confront 
the vice–chairman? 
Larry was genuinely worried. “It’s not like Welkin lacks capable people. Why would you send the boss, who’s a young lady, there alone so rashly? What if she gets taken advantage of? 
“At the very least, we have some influence in the business association. If we reveal 
the boss’s identity, those people in Hawford would have to show respect. Stop 
drinking your crappy tea and say something!” 
The vice–chairman of Welkin, Percy Spence, was getting a headache from his 
shouting. He shut down his computer and set down his glasses. 
“Larry, what are you worried about? Back then, the boss managed to revive us. Do 
you really think it was just luck and timing? 
“Don’t let her appearance fool you. Her business acumen is something we can’t 
compete with even after so many years. Besides, there’s also her source of funding.” 
Larry finally looked up slowly when he was reminded of this. “You mean…” 
“Back then, a large amount of capital came in to revive our private enterprises. 
Clearly, that was a losing investment at that time. Who would sustain such losses? 
But did you ever see our capital chain break?” 
All these questions stunned Larry. The company’s development had indeed been 
2/2 
Chapter 1161 Wynter The Angel Investor 
smooth. 
At that time, they were driven by sheer determination, believing they could succeed. But now, looking back, the reason they had such determination was that they never had any financial worries. 
“Have you figured it out?” Percy poured Larry a cup of tea. “You’re still so impulsive at this age. If Ms. Quinnell needs us, she’ll let us know. If not, it means she has a way.” 
Larry sat on the sofa, half–rising as if he wanted to say something else. 
However, Percy interrupted him. “I’ve been handling the company’s funds. Several large sums of money came from the same company during our toughest times. You’ve probably heard of the angel investor.” 
Larry’s eyes lit up, and he jumped up from the sofa. “The boss is the angel investor!” 
Percy nodded and smiled calmly. “So if the boss is going to Hawford, it might not be what you think. It’s possible that Hawford was always a part of her business plan. She just lacked a reason to go. 
“You know how the boss is about some things. She goes with the flow. The Quinnell family gave her a reason to go this time. The Quinnells originated from Hawford. Don’t be fooled by their current mediocre status in the Southern Business 
Association. 
“They may not rank high now, but the association’s founders were led by Mr. Quinnell Senior. You and I can’t stop the boss from going to Hawford. It’s inevitable.” 
Larry sat on the sofa in a daze for a long time. If Wynter had intended to go to Hawford from the beginning, her strategy must have been incredibly vast for everything to fall within her expectations. 
The people in Hawford’s probably had no idea, but Larry and his pals knew Wynter’s capabilities best. 
Larry was now thrilled knowing the identity of the angel investor. The capital market in Hawford was about to change! 
###chapter1162
Chapter 1162 Is Wynter Not Enough 
“I’ll ask the boss if she needs someone to carry her bag!” 
Larry, with his usually big gold chain and large watch, was always quick to act. If the boss took him along to mingle with other capitalists, he wouldn’t mind at all. 
Everyone who did business with Wynter got addicted to working with her. It was a 
common trait. Everyone wanted to achieve something in business. 
The longer they struggled in the market, the more they wanted to expand their blueprint. Every boss was the same, and an investor like Wynter was perfect for them because she never stopped. 
Larry was filled with fervor and passion. Wynter had indeed received a lot of 
messages from him. She had been planning to go to Hawford for a while now, but 
numerous matters had delayed her. The recurring nightmares she often had were 
something she couldn’t let go of. 
Additionally, the unresolved issues of Marie and all her uncles weighed heavily on 
her mind, and she wanted to resolve them. 
Now, with the items left to her by Gordon, she knew she had to go to Hawford to 
retrieve them. Therefore, Wynter neyer considered making a quiet, unnoticed trip. 
Wynter had reviewed the history of the Quinnell family’s rise. From the establishment of the Chamber of Commerce to the present day when the Chamber’s meetings 
were held without notifying the Quinnells, this alone revealed the disdain they had for 
the Quinnells. 
The Chamber of Commerce had been founded single–handedly by Gordon, but 
ironically, some outsiders assumed the role of the hosts and aimed to completely 
oust the Quinnells from the Chamber today. 
Ha! What a clever scheme they devised. Well, they’ll have to ask if Wynter agreed. 
Wynter was dressed in black pants and a white T–shirt while sitting in front of her computer. Her eyes were deep and beautiful. 
Her fingers flew swiftly over the keyboard, and as she pressed the enter key, an 
Wynter Not Enough 
2/3 
unknown dialogue box appeared on the screen. It bore a symbol that only the dark 
web would have. 
Everyone in the business community knew what an angel investor represented. But the true identity of the angel investor depended on whether she was willing to reveal herself. If those capitalists in Hawford were to see Wynter’s screen right now, they would be utterly speechless with shock. 
As the night grew deeper, schemes were still being made in Hawford. 
Yvette, who had been brought to the center of the banquet, raised her glass and moved gracefully. She was the focal point of curiosity for everyone. 
After all, the Winston family had publicly claimed that Yvette could read Sin and 
Grace, as well as predict fortune and misfortune. This was indeed a significant 
highlight, especially in this circle. 
“Oh, my dear Ms. Yates, you have no idea how fascinated I am by the traditional 
culture of Cascadia. Truly, all of you Cascadians are skilled in martial arts, aren’t you?” 
The Frendan lady, Angelica Clinton, who was dressed in an evening gown, held up her glass. Her priceless necklace indicated her high status. She exuded warmth and 
enthusiasm. 
Such attention was something Yvette had never experienced in Kingbourne. After all, Kingbourne tended to be more conservative in its way. It was located in the vicinity 
of the imperial palace where one had to act with discretion. 
The banquets Yvette attended back then were at most of the level of the Fenton 
family. It was nothing like now, with such international flair. She could even 
encounter nobles from other countries, such as the lady before her. 
Angelica was reputedly the foremost lady of the jewelry industry, where she could casually make deals worth billions. These were the kinds of gatherings that held real significance for Yvette now. 
After getting involved with Hawford, Yvette felt that her time spent in Kingbourne before was a waste. There were too many formalities, and everyone held Wynter, who came from the Quinnell family, in high regard. 
In the end, the only reason Wynter was more powerful than Yvette was because 
Chapter 1162 is Wynter Not Enough 
Wynter was a member of the Quinnells. 
Apart from this, what could Wynter possibly compare to her? Just based on the fact that Yvette had been reborn, she could easily beat Wynter. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1163
Chapter 1163 The Person Lady Angelica Values 
Yvette’s vanity was unprecedentedly satisfied at this moment. She raised her glass and clinked it with Angelica’s. 
“My esteemed lady, there are so many incredible things in Cascadia, such as the Arcane Divination. If you’re interested, I can explain them to you anytime.” 
“Oh! Ms. Yates! You’re so knowledgeable. I’ve heard about your feats. You can treat critically ill patients and read fortunes. Oh, did I pronounce the word ‘fortune‘ 
correctly? 
“I’m so curious. How do you know what each person will encounter next? I mean, even in broad strokes, it’s just incredible, you know? Do you have witch blood in you?” 
Abroad, fantasy and fortune–telling were very popular. The king of Frenda was a firm believer in these things, and Angelica was an even stronger advocate. 
After all, who wouldn’t believe in the power theology brought? It was something that 
could make someone extremely wealthy. 
“With you in control, it’s hard to imagine our project failing. Mr. Winston truly struck gold this time.” The Mr. Winston referred to by Angelica was Chad Winston. 
Compared to Yvette, Chad didn’t wear his heart on his sleeve. As someone who frequented grand events in Kingbourne, he remained composed. 
However, Chad couldn’t help but feel a surge of excitement. After all, this was the first time Clyde had officially sent him to represent the Winstons at a capital networking banquet. He shared the same sentiment as Yvette. After coming here, he 
realized what it meant to be outclassed. 
But before coming, Chad hadn’t forgotten Clyde’s teachings. He was taught to never lower his stance too much. He needed to dial the situation back since Yvette had 
been too obsequious just now. 
“Lady Angelica, you flatter us. The Winston family has many talents like Ms. Yates. I believe our cooperation will be very pleasant,” Chad said. 
“I truly look forward to it, Chad. You’ve really surprised me.” 
Chapter 1163 The Person Lady Angelica Values 
2/2 
Angelica did indeed hold Chad in higher regard now. In all honesty, she hadn’t been 
particularly impressed with Yvette’s attitude earlier. After all, she had lowered herself 
too much and it made her doubt Yvette’s capabilities. 
However, the deeds attributed to Yvette were all verified, and Angelica still held a reverence for the mystical powers of the foreign lands. With Chad’s attitude now, she 
saw no reason not to seize the opportunity. After all, this venture was about more than just money. 
Angelica was most interested in the Chamber of Commerce’s influence. She had 
invested in Cascadia for two reasons. 
First, she was attracted to the vast Cascadian market due to its large population and strong consumer spending power. She knew that if she didn’t seize the opportunity now, there would be less of the pie to share later. 
Second, Angelica was well aware of who had founded the Chamber of Commerce. 
At that time, Cascadia was in a state of crisis. Yet, within a short period, the Chamber of Commerce managed to unite Cascadian businesspeople from both domestic and international spheres. They came together to save the country, regardless of the 
cost. 
Angelica admired such vision and magnanimity. But she also thought that she would have nothing to worry about regarding her share of the future Cascadian market if 
she could control the Chamber of Commerce or became one of its key decision- 
makers. 
“I’ll leave everything to you, Ms. Yates.” Angelica gave Yvette ample respect at the banquet because she understood that one should never underestimate any person from the East. There were endless possibilities within them. 
Angelica had encountered one before and had been trying to find them ever since. She was willing to give them all the power they desired, no matter the cost
###chapter1164
Chapter 1164 Leveraging The Whitmans 
No matter how much money it took, if the other party was willing, Angelica would give them all the power they desired. 
Angelica wasn’t always like this. She used to believe that foreign countries were as depicted on TV and that they were ignorant and naive. It was only after she interacted with that individual that she realized there were few investors like them in the world. 
Those foreign countries, especially Cascadia, were indeed formidable. Angelica could no longer view Cascadia with her old thinking. Thus, Angelica’s current respect and courtesy toward Yvette stemmed from that individual. 
Yvette, however, believed it was her own accomplishments that had impressed Angelica. That made her even more arrogant. Yvette stood among the crowd and started to speak grandiosely. 
In reality, Yvette felt diffident when Angelica first mentioned the investment direction. She only understood half of the contents of the books she stole from Margaret. 
She could predict some major events thanks to her memories from another life, but she didn’t know the specifics. Moreover, she didn’t understand business development. 
Nevertheless, Yvette was confident. As long as the general direction was right, with the Winstons and Angelica investing large amounts of capital, how could it not succeed? It was just a matter of time. So, Yvette naturally began to enjoy the current 
adulation. 
No matter how glorious Wynter was, she was only famous in that small circle in 
Kingbourne. As for Yvette, she had already stepped into the international capital market. Hawford was where she belonged. 
Yvette no longer needed to think about those people, including Ewan who held her back. She believed that he would only ruin her image. She was determined to 
surpass Wynter step by step, so much so that Wynter would have to wait in line to 
meet her in the future. 
Yvette thought she should maintain her connections in the southern city previously. Now, she realized her vision was too narrow. 
She should have transformed herself long ago, just like her new name, Magia Yates. It sounded mysterious and magical and was well–received internationally. 
“Come, Ms. Yates. Let me introduce you to someone. This is Mr. Whitman. When it comes to the oldest family in Hawfors, it has to be the Whitman family.” It was clear that Angelica held the Whitmans in high regard. 
Before coming, Yvette had heard of the Whitmans and knew about their feuds with the Quinnells. Anyone who was an enemy of the Quinnels was allied with her. She couldn’t do anything to Wynter in Kingbourne, but it was different in Hawford. 
As long as Yvette built a good relationship with the Whitmans, who wouldn’t respect her in the future? 
“Mr. Whitman, it’s a pleasure to meet you. You truly have the appearance of great wealth and nobility. Your ancestors‘ virtue prospers. You can turn misfortune into fortune and crisis into peace. 
“However, I have a word of advice. Though I’m not sure if it’s appropriate to say.” 
Yvette wanted to stand out and make a lasting impression in Hawford’s capital circle. She wouldn’t pass up this excellent opportunity. 
By giving the Whitmans a divination, regardless of it being true or false, people would remember the name Yvette Yates. 
Before Robin Whitman, the head of the Whitman family, could speak, Angelica chimed in. “Mr. Whitman is not an outsider. You can speak your mind, Ms. Yates.‘ 
“I can tell that Mr. Whitman has a weak affinity with relatives. Wealth rises in the south and falls in the north. 
“Mr. Whitman tends to be/soft–hearted toward family, but some self–serving relatives should be avoided. Otherwise, Mr, Whitman, you will face a great disaster.” 
As soon as Yvette’s words landed, the surrounding people’s gazes changed. Murmurs of the discussion arose. Even Robin’s hand that was holding the wine glass paused in mid–air.
###chapter1165
Chapter 1165 The Whitmans in Hawford 
It was common knowledge in the Hawford circle that Marie had recently been striving to reconcile with the Whitmans. 
However, Yvette had just arrived from Kingbourne and couldn’t possibly know the intricate details of the situation in Hawford. 
Yet, she talked about kinship right off the bat. Was she referring to Marie? Or perhaps the Quinnell family members who were about to arrive in Hawford? 
Regardless of who Yvette was referring to, her fortune–telling was eerily accurate. The readings provided by Yvette skyrocketed her fame overnight. 
In reality, the aristocratic families had each been harboring their own ulterior motives. They had long been waiting to cause trouble for the Whitmans. Yvette’s readings struck a chord with them perfectly. 
The Wray family, who had a good relationship with the Whitmans, approached them. “Robin, you really should be careful if even the fortune teller says so.” 
Robin stood there. The ring on his finger bore the family crest, a symbol of his 
immense wealth and power. 
Despite being middle–aged, he exuded an air of sophistication. He maintained a well- kept physique and looked sharp in his suit. He had an air of mature elegance. 
“I’ve never believed in Arcane Way and such. You should know I’m a staunch materialist,” Robin said. 
Kenton Wray was about to say more when Robin tapped his glass. “I have other matters to attend to. I’ll take my leave now. As for Lady Angelica’s cooperation terms, I’ll go back and consider them carefully.” 
“I can see you’re hesitant about teaming up with the Winstons.” Kenton gave Robin’s shoulder a reassuring pat. 
“However, you have to consider this. Times have changed. Trying to monopolize everything can bring risks. 
“You may not think highly of the Boyd family, but they’ve been solid in risk 
management. Let’s explore a new approach to collaboration.” 
Robin didn’t turn him down immediately. “I will give you an answer by next week.” 
“I hope you come around soon. There’s no better offer than what Lady Angelica has put forward,” Kenton replied. 
Robin chuckled lightly upon hearing this, neither confirming nor denying it. As he walked away from the venue, he was followed by seven or eight black–clad 
bodyguards. 
In the current Chamber of Commerce, he was the only one who could bring bodyguards to attend banquets. Over the years, the Whitmans had always held the 
highest position. 
“I didn’t know that Mr. Whitman could be so commanding and imposing,” Chad remarked in a low voice as he walked beside Kenton. “Doesn’t show much on the 
surface.” 
“He has always been great at hiding his true self.” Kenton glanced sideways. “That’s why I told you to be cautious. 
“The Whitmans have a scholarly reputation. They are renowned for their refined 
manners and civility, but they’re also the most ruthless of all. 
“We should try our best not to provoke him.” Kenton set his wine glass down. “I’ve repaid my debt to Clyde for his past assistance, but you should also convey my message to him. 
“The Whitmans are not easily manipulated. We must wait for the right opportunity and people before getting involved.” 
Chad responded respectfully, “Thanks for the guidance, Uncle Kenton. Rest assured, my grandfather has made arrangements. When the time comes, I’m sure you’ll also 
secure the position of Vice Chairman in the Chamber of Commerce.” 
Kenton remained silent, and a smile played at the corner of his lips. Their thoughts and unspoken understanding were intertwined in that single glass of wine. 
News of the divination from the banquet had spread in less than half a day. Disbelief 
Chapter 1165 The Whitmans in Hawford 
didn’t mean indifference, especially when coupled with long–standing unresolved grievances. Upon hearing the divination, the Whitmans fell into a heavy silence. 
An unusual stillness enveloped the Whitmans‘ residence that day. It was as if everyone was avoiding any mention of the past. Each individual believed they had moved on. But in reality, some wounds only festered deeper with time. 
###chapter1166
Chapter 1166 To Hawford 
People who were troubled often found it hard to sleep at night. 
There was an old cottage covered in layers of creeping wines in Hawford, and 
sycamore trees cast eerie, swaying shadows that were both sinister and frightening outside of the cottage. It seemed that someone was speaking amid the rustling 
moonlit scene. 
“Sir, I don’t understand why you’re hesitating. If we can seize the Quinnells‘ fortune, surely we can take the Whitmans‘ as well.” The person who spoke was still shrouded 
in a black cloak that concealed their face. 
“Lady Angelica is already on our side, and everything is prepared. The saintess is growing impatient. Why are you still hesitating?” 
The old man let out a cold scoff in response to the question. The sound of his 
coughing could be faintly heard through the white veil. 
“You people gave me the wrong horoscope and information. I miscalculated the Quinnells‘ fate thanks to that. Yet, you dare rush me now? How dare you?” 
The other person was wary of the old man. He was fearful of the unexplainable 
matters and immediately bowed and said, “Sir, you’ve misunderstood. I have no 
intention of rushing you. It’s just that such an opportunity is rare. 
“This isn’t Kingbourne where we have to avoid the Celestia Force. The Whitman 
family holds a pivotal position in the Chamber of Commerce. If we can take over the 
Whitmans, we can control the Southern Cascadian Chamber of Commerce, which 
has international influence. 
“By then, whatever Cascadia wants to buy or sell won’t be up to them. When that day comes, sir, whatever you desire, we will offer it to you with both hands.” 
The old man stood up and lifted the white veil. “I’m not one of those idiots. You don’t 
need to give me empty promises. Go back and tell your master to do what needs to 
be done. As for the Whitmans, I have my own plans.” 
The other person had witnessed the old man’s methods before. Even someone as shrewd as Alijah from the Fenton family in Kingbourne followed his order. 
Chapter 1166 Tolawion 
Declan from the Quinnell family, who was originally their pawn, was somehow 
manipulated by the old man to serve his purposes, while he remained hidden behind. the scenes. 
The trip to Hawford was no different. People’s attention was mostly on Chad and Yvette, not an elderly man seeking medical treatment. 
The shadows under the lights resembled a dance of demons, The representative of Foplyan businessmen dared not look further and hurriedly left the white building. The old man’s eyes were dark and intense. He slowly closed his eyes, exuding an eerie sense of foreboding. 
The next day, at the Quinnell’s residence in Kingbourne, Warren was so busy that he barely had a moment to breathe. 
The amount of stuff he had people prepare was so extensive that anyone unaware of the situation might have thought Wynter was moving out. 
Even Albert thought it was a bit excessive. Compared to his single carry–on suitcase, Wynter’s belongings would probably fill an entire car. 
“Mr. Wick, do we need to bring all this?” Albert raised an eyebrow and glanced briefly 
at his watch. 
Warren smiled calmly. “Unlike you, Mr. Albert, Ms. Quinnell has never been to the Whitmans‘ residence since she was born. So, it’s necessary to bring all these things. 
“Also, Ms. Hodge and Bryce will be going along too. The villa in Hawford needs 
people to clean and manage it. They are well–suited for the job.” 
Wynter knew that Bryce was trained to be Warren’s successor. Despite his young age, he was particularly reliable in his work. He often had everything prepared before 
anyone even asked. Most importantly, he was loyal to the Quinnells. 
In today’s society, the concept of loyalty between masters and maids was rare. Most people believed that simply being paid for their work was sufficient, and indeed, it 
often was. 
However, for the Quinnells‘ residence in Hawford, it was essential to have someone like Bryce, who treated the Quinnell family as his own. Only with such dedication 
could they better manage the move to Hawford 
###chapter1167
1/3 
Chapter 1167 Wynter and Albert 
Just by looking at Bryce, one might think he was ignorant. He was like a freshly 
graduated college student. He wore a bright and innocent smile as if he was the 
easiest person to deceive. 
However, Wynter knew that Bryce was exceptionally skilled when it came to 
etiquette and interactions between aristocratic families, as well as managing the 
inner workings of a household. 
“Looks like Mr. Wick is giving us his most talented student.” Wynter chuckled. 
Bryce took the luggage for Wynter. “Mr. Wick will feel more at ease if I stay by your side, Ms. Quinnell. I’ll take good care of you when we reach Hawford. You’ve been exhausted lately.” 
Albert realized that Warren had put in extra effort for this arrangement when he watched Bryce running around and handling things even more efficiently than his 
own assistant. 
“Hawford is deep waters. Remember, safety first in everything you do.” This was the last piece of advice given to them by Fabian. 
Nothing was more important to Fabian than his grandchildren. The conflicts within the circles were often hidden beneath the surface, especially when it came to financial investment. One misstep could lead to losing all funds, or, in the worst–case scenario, being taken in for investigation. 
Fabian had also caught wind of the current activities in Hawford. He had 
undoubtedly made every possible arrangement to ensure his grandchildren’s safety and well–being since they were heading there. 
“Once you arrive in Hawford, go find this person first. Consult him if there’s anything you don’t understand. 
“He used to work alongside your great–great–grandpa and was extremely loyal to him. He’ll certainly help the Quinnells in any way he can.” Albert recalled Fabian’s words as he sat in his business class seat. 
Albert declined the lunch offered by the flight attendant and took out the business 
card from his pocket before examining it closely. It was for a Cleo Sinclair, also known as Mr. Sinclair. 
Albert had people investigate the current financial sector in Hawford and found that Cleo was reputed to have connections in both legal and illegal circles. He was knowledgeable about everything. Yet, he stayed clear of entanglement. He remained an outsider in all matters. 
For someone like Cleo to have come this far, it was clear his abilities were exceptional. 
Albert didn’t keep the business card. Instead, he passed it to Wynter. “Wynter, keep this. It will be useful for you.” 
In reality, Wynter also had some connections in the capital circle and didn’t really need these introductions. However, she had never found the right opportunity to bring it up. 
“You keep it, Albert. I have my own contacts.” 
Albert thought Wynter was referring to Dalton. However, upon further consideration, while Wynter excelled in managing the company and creating publicity stunts, she might not have much experience in the capital finance circle. It would indeed be more appropriate for him to deal with socializing. 
“Then we’ll split up once we’re in Hawford and meet at the villa in three days.” Albert had his own matters that he needed to deal with. 
Wynter was well aware that Albert didn’t rely solely on the family’s wealth. She did not doubt his ability to earn money. Nevertheless, the saying on Winnow Street that Albert was capable of turning stones into gold was an exaggeration. 
But as the angel investor, Wynter knew better than anyone Albert’s 
accomplishments. She knew that Albert had started with only a thousand dollars and managed to turn them into ten million dollars before gaining recognition from capital abroad. She knew it wasn’t just luck. 
If Albert didn’t return, he could still have his own industry overseas. 
However, there were still some issues in Hawford that needed Wynter’s attention, especially matters involving hidden obstacles. If she could help Albert dismantle 
Chapter 1167 Wynter and Albert 
them, it could further benefit his performance. 
Moreover, the main ive of this trip was to make money, explore the market, and 
resolve the misunderstandings between Marie and the Whitmans. 
Wynter wanted to ensure that the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce remained in the hands of Cascadians. Most importantly, it was time for Wynter to meet Clyde. 
The business class service was excellent as expected, with occasional phone calls discussing projects. Some people were carrying laptops and rushing on and off the plane. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Readin
###chapter1168
Chapter 1168 Threatening Dalton Yarwood 
Wynter lay on her side, with Dalton beside her on the right. Despite Dalton’s prolonged absence from home, he didn’t seem concerned about any grievances from the Yarwood family. 
It was obvious that Dalton was in a meeting. His voice was deep and pleasant, and 
his speech was interspersed with authentic Frendese occasionally. He spoke softly, 
almost hypnoticly, making it impossible to hear him clearly from a distance. 
The people on the other side of the meeting daren’t utter a single dissenting word. 
Despite Dalton’s neutral tone, the underlying sense of authority was palpable and 
intimidating. 
Bosses who easily flew into a rage weren’t necessarily frightening. The truly 
intimidating bosses were people like Dalton. He was difficult to read in terms of his emotions. Yet, he was capable of ruthless action. 
“Then we won’t form a joint venture. The Yarwood Group will proceed independently.” 
? 
Dalton chuckled lightly before continuing. “Gentlemen, it seems you have forgotten that this is Cascadia. This is no longer the early days when our nation lacked market experience and needed substantial capital influx. 
“Today, as one of the world’s largest markets, Cascadia is not short of investment opportunities. What we need is genuine cooperation that can foster mutual 
friendship. 
“If any of you have other opinions, feel free to discuss them with others. The Yarwood Group will not be entertaining it.” 
Dalton’s remarks left the executive at the online roundtable with varied expressions. Some were fearful of Dalton. Even overseas participants dared not speak up again. 
However, some stubborn individuals pressed the voice button and spoke up. “Mr. Yarwood, please allow me to interrupt. Lady Angelica is very sincere in her desire to collaborate with the Yarwood family. 
“Since we are all expanding into Hawford, why not join the Chamber of Commerce together? If Yarwood Group votes for us in the Southern Cascadia Chamber of 
Chapter TH Threatening Den Verwood 
Commerce, Lady Angelica will also offer you concessions in our harbor business. 
“Mr. Yarwood, you should also understand that business nowadays is heavily influenced by international factors. Even some of your universities support our country’s former talents with subsidies and preferential treatment. 
“It’s not just about attracting talent. Good capital also needs corresponding policies. 
“You can rest assured. Everything else has been arranged by Lady Angelica. As long as you agree to the conditions we’ve proposed, we won’t leave you out on projects in Hawford. I’ve already sent you the project proposal. I believe you’ll be satisfied with the contract.” 
As the man spoke, there was an undeniable air of arrogance about him. After all, he usually dealt with Cascadian businessmen who hoped to receive support from 
foreign investors, especially those with substantial capital backing them. 
The man believed no Cascadian businessmen would refuse such tempting 
cooperation terms. His patience in explaining was partly because he was speaking with Dalton, the head of the Yarwood family. He might not have been so polite with 
other Cascadian businessmen. 
Foreign enterprises might not even consider opportunities in Cascadia even when they are sought after by Cascadians. 
They were well aware of how impoverished Cascadia had been in the past. It was a fact acknowledged by all. However, current situations compelled them to come. Otherwise, they risked falling behind. 
Even foreigners had to admit that Cascadia was undoubtedly at the forefront in terms of communication network construction now. 
People only noticed that Cascadians hardly used cash anymore upon arriving. Everything in Cascadia was digitalized. This widespread practice was unimaginable 
in their own country. 
This caused a crisis for Daryl Warrel. The instructions given by Angelica were that it was crucial to gain control of the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce. If their network company could fully cover the market, the profits in the future would be beyond measure. 
###chapter1169
Chapter 1169 Regretting it 
1/3 
Chapter 1169 Regretting It 
However, there were always some stubborn, slick old folks in the Chamber of Commerce who refused to budge. 
What happened last time was a good example of this. Daryl thought the other party, who was money–crazed, would surely agree. But after he arrived, although he drank quite a bit of wine, they didn’t discuss any business at all. 
It took Daryl two days of hangover to realize he had been fooled. That cunning old man! 
Daryl looked at the screen, refocused, and continued, “Mr. Yarwood, it’s not just Hawford’s company now. Even the Winston family from Kingbourne is considering collaboration with Mrs. Yarwood. 
“If you have any concerns, you can tell me. However, there’s an old saying in Cascadia–time and tide wait for no man. I hope you consider carefully, as the risks sole proprietors face will be considerable.” 
As Dalton listened to these words, he remained completely impassive. He even extended his arm to make Wynter more comfortable. 
The attendant looked on with envy before she asked softly, “Dinner for one, sir?” 
Dalton nodded. Still sporting a Bluetooth earpiece in his left ear, he signaled the 
attendant to bring him a cup of tea, polite yet distant. 
The attendant had spent enough time in the business–class cabin to encounter 
countless guests. 
Rich people were often successful in their careers but generally out of shape. Plus, as if dreading others not knowing how big their business was, some bosses would speak loudly on the phone/disturbing everyone. 
And then there were the very delicate ones who bullied the weak and cowered in the presence of someone more powerful. If someone walked by, they would complain, claiming it affected their sleep. 
There were many such typés, of course, and also many guests with excellent 
Chapter 1169 Regretting It 
manners. 
213 
But men like Dalton were indeed rare. 
At first glance, he looked like a new movie star in his meticulously tailored suit. 
However, his aristocratic air revealed it wasn’t something cultivated overnight. 
Even so, he was young. With his sharply defined features, he was handsome and noble in a way that seemed out of place in this era. Whether reading or looking up, he 
maintained a low–key demeanor. 
The other gentleman who came with him was similar. They were clearly raised with excellent manners, though their presences differed. The woman with them sure was 
fortunate! 
As the attendant marveled, Dalton raised an eyebrow at Daryl’s remark. Setting down 
his book, he glanced over, his deep gaze entrancing. 
“Do you think I’m here to negotiate with you?” 
His tone was casual, as if he was discussing an ordinary matter. 
Daryl was taken aback. 
Dalton pressed the number 1 key. “Notify all ships under the Yarwood Group to cease trading at Port Victoria in favor of the opposite port. After all, our incentives 
differ.” 
Daryl hadn’t expected Dalton to have his threat countered. 
Ships under the Yarwood Group frequently docked, supporting numerous local jobs beyond a mere few individuals. 
If the Yarwood Group changed ports, Angelica would definitely admonish him! 
“Mr. Yarwood, let’s talk it out. I didn’t mean that. I’m not very fluent in Cascadian. Please don’t act rashly.” He tried to persuade Dalton to reconsider. 
However, Dalton wouldn’t give him the chance. 
The convenience of landing ports indeed affected costs. 
It seemed that, with the Yarwood family staying out of direct action, even Angelica 
3/3 
Chapter 1169 Regretting It 
had grown bold and was attempting to use import and export trade as leverage in 
recent years. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1170
Chapter 1170 A Dominant Kiss 
“Go back and tell Angelica Clinton this.” Dalton raised his hand, ended the video call, 
and dropped a final remark. “Cascadia will make the decisions for the Southern 
Chamber of Commerce.” 
Daryl tried calling again, but no one answered. 
For a long time, they had enjoyed many privileges in Cascadia. As Dalton had 
mentioned, some universities showed favoritism in policies toward overseas 
students, even providing significant care. 
At a car exhibition, they were given priority entry and treated to ice cream and drinks. Some Cascadians were delighted just to exchange a few words with them. 
Daryl’s friend even got an obedient Cascadian girlfriend who stuck around no matter what. When they insulted her, she laughed along. She was fine with anything as long as his friend could take her abroad and give her a permanent resident card. 
All of this made them feel superior. 
Daryl, who had always been held in high regard by Cascadian businessmen, had never experienced such a plight before. 
There were also suppliers and port officials from other countries online. After Dalton rejected Daryl, others surprisingly suggested changing ports. This made Daryl 
somewhat anxious. 
“How did this happen? He’s just a businessman from Cascadia. Fuck! Why does he have so much influence?” 
Daryl couldn’t understand it and had no choice but to report to the higher–ups. 
Dalton seemed completely indifferent to all this. However, Wynter, who was half- lying beside him, pulled down an eye mask from her face and looked at him with bright eyes. 
“Is someone trying to take advantage of the Southern Chamber of Commerce?” 
Dalton responded with a húm. “It’s a former overseas partner.” He had no intention to 
Chapter 1170 A Dominant Fiss 
hide anything. 
“Is it not important?” Wynter noticed how unconcerned he seemed. 
272 
Dalton took a sip of water before he turned to look at her, his sharply defined and handsome face particularly striking on the speeding high–speed train. 
As they passed through tunnels, the interplay of light and shadow made him look. 
even more attractive and restrained. 
“It’s optional. Their absence won’t make a difference. You, on the other hand…” 
He put down the cup. He was about to say something when the train suddenly jolted. 
His lips accidentally brushed against her face. 
The cool, soft touch made Wynter pause. This unexpected closeness was different 
from the times when they had to let fate do its magic. 
In this narrow space, all of Wynter’s senses seemed to be amplified, especially since her other eye was still covered. 
The sound of the high–speed train entering a tunnel filled her ears. Amidst the swaying, it felt as if something had seized her breath, and Wynter could feel the warmth from Dalton’s palm. It was unusually hot for him. 
Their breaths seemed to intertwine. Even his eyelashes brushed against her face 
when he blinked, sending a shiver through her. 
As Wynter half–raised her arm to push Dalton away, he instead restrained her wrist. The strength wasn’t overwhelming, yet she couldn’t resist him. 
Wynter then realized she had underestimated his skills. His proficiency in combat was likely superior to hers. 
Dalton’s noble figure cast a deep shadow over her. He then pulled down her steam eye mask. As it grew warmer, he bit her lip gently, causing her to flinch. 
Wynter could feel his breath deepening. A tingling sensation proceeded to spread from her tailbone throughout her entire body. 
###chapter1171
Chapter 1171 Heating Up 
1/3 
Chapter 1171 Heating Up 
This was the first time Wynter had experienced this dizzying and somewhat 
addictive sensation in all the years she had lived. 
Every inch of her mouth was filled with Dalton’s unique woody fragrance. Even his fingertips felt astonishingly hot. 
All other sounds seemed to fade away, leaving only the rumble of the train passing 
through the tunnel. The two of them were very close to one another. 
As he kissed her, the gentle biting left her feeling somewhat disoriented. 
With her eyes covered, she instinctively sought some form of support. She could hear his heartbeat, steady and powerful, each beat making it impossible for her to 
break free. 
His kiss was the opposite of his outward appearance–fervent and domineering, 
allowing no resistance from her, as if he wanted to embed her entirely into his 
embrace. 
Yet, it was impossible to dislike. On the contrary, it was easy to get lost in it. 
Some sound gradually returned. The sudden presence of light signaled the end of 
the tunnel. 
He paused his actions. Only his fingers were still brushing against her wrist. 
No one would know what had transpired here. 
Their breaths had become slightly labored. 
With her eyes still covered, Wynter couldn’t see her own appearance. Her long hair 
was disheveled, her lips slightly reddened from the biting, her top wrinkled, and her chest rising and falling. 
As her hand clutched him, her fingertips barely touched the scarlet rosary bracelet on his wrist. Everything looked as alluring as they were a taboo. 
In contrast, Dalton remained impeccably dressed in his suit. Except for the heat of his breath, his face betrayed no emotion, save for the lingering intensity. His eyes 
were so dark that they were almost impossible to look into directly. 
Who could imagine that this high–and–mighty, untouchable man would be so 
passionate in love? 
The contradiction of icy purity and sensual restraint was perfectly embodied in him 
at this moment. 
Even though Wynter almost pulled off his bracelet, he seemed to laugh softly in response. With how captivating and handsome he was, people would have described someone like him as “bewitching” in the past. 
The passengers on the train were unaware of the changes in him. However, the curved blade that Wynter brought on the train, although not unsheathed, was trembling slightly through its sheath. 
Outside the train, the previously overcast clouds suddenly dispersed. The sky was clear and sunny, with sunlight streaming down onto the endless shrubs. 
The forest animals seemed puzzled by the sudden change from rain to sunshine. 
Others might not understand the reason for these changes, but the Savior Crow, the only one who retained all his memories as he wasn’t struck by the heavenly thunder, 
sensed something. 
Perched on a branch, he gazed down slightly with his pitch–black eyes. “How strange. What could have happened to put the lord in such a good mood?” 
The rumble of the train passing through another tunnel echoed again. This time, even through the eye mask, Wynter could sense a faint light. 
Dalton was still holding her hand when he whispered in a captivatingly tender voice,” 
Open your eyes.” 
“You…” Wynter began to speak, only to realize that her voice had become softer. Her body felt weak. If Dalton hadn’t been holding her waist, her nearby cup might have 
fallen onto the seat behind them. 
As he gazed at her, the dappled light from outside the window seemed to shatter in his eyes. It seemed that, apart from her, there was nothing else in his gaze. 
Wynter suddenly recalled a line she had once read in a book–A lover’s eyes held a 
Chapter 1171 Heating Up. 
beauty unlike any other in the world. 
3/3 
She soon removed the eye mask. Even though the corners of her eyes were still slightly flushed, her face was calm. She half–raised an eyebrow and, with a reverse grip, pressed down on Dalton’s scarlet rosary bracelet. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1172
Chapter 1172 Their Intimacy 
Their positions were reversed in an instant. 
When Dalton was pinned down, his tousled hair fell over his face. His long, dark 
eyelashes gave him a somewhat coy appearance. 
Wynter, on the other hand, looked particularly domineering with one hand pressing down on his wrist and the other on his shoulder.. 
This was the scene the stewardess saw when she approached them. She lightly cleared her throat before announcing, “Your fruit, sir.” 
The sound caught the attention of Albert in the last row. He put down his tablet and looked over. What he saw was Wynter pinning Dalton’s wrist, seemingly teasing him. 
Albert couldn’t help but raise his hand and pinch the bridge of his nose, somewhat unsure how to express his current feelings. 
When Tobias suggested that Wynter was pursuing Dalton, he hadn’t thought much of it. Seeing it firsthand, Albert could only think of ways to help Wynter keep Dalton 
around. 
But they couldn’t be too forward as they weren’t married yet. 
Thinking of this, Albert deliberately let out a cough. 
Wynter turned and looked in his direction. Seeing his disapproving look, she raised an eyebrow as if to ask, “What’s the matter?” 
Albert, ever patient with his sister, gave her a once–over and then gestured for her to be more reserved. 
Only then did Wynter realize that their current posture could easily be misunderstood. Most importantly, she was the one who would be misunderstood. 
Just as Wynter was about to explain, Albert signaled for her to check her phone first. 
Reluctantly, Wynter retracted her hand and gave Dalton a look that said she would let 
him off for now. 
– 11 the 
She took out her phone and, upon unlocking it, saw messages in the group chat. 
CEO Albert: Wynter, we support your liking Dalton, but you should still act like a lady 
when necessary. 
Tobias immediately made his appearance after seeing this message. 
Toby the Celebrity: No way, Wynter. Did you pounce on him again? 
Wynter: It’s not what you think. 
CEO Albert: What were you doing, then? 
Wynter glanced at Dalton, who was adjusting his suit. He turned to look at her, 
seemingly smiling. 
In short, she had to take the blame. She couldn’t very well say in the group chat that he had kissed her on the train. That would cause an uproar. 
Albert might even punch Dalton right there, and Fabian would definitely support that. 
Wynter shook her head after imagining that. Besides, she had a strange feeling of familiarity about him, as if they had been this close before… No, it felt like they had 
been even closer. 
Her hand holding the phone paused. 
Before she could type, Dalton had already buttoned his suit with his long fingers and opened a can of drink for her. 
Given his gesture, Wynter felt she couldn’t refuse, especially since she was thirsty after that kiss. She took the drink and then replied in the group chat, “I’ll be more 
careful next time.” 
Toby the Celebrity: Next time? Wynter, there shouldn’t be a next time. Dalton is a sly old fox. He’s just taking advantage of the fact that you like him. 
Toby the Celebrity: I’ve never seen him stop you, so it’s all a calculated act. He doesn’t treat anyone else like this. Remember that chick from the Winston family? He 
refused even an eraser from her. 
Toby the Celebrity: I’m talking about when we were kids. He was always hard to 
Chapter 1172 Their Intimacy 
3/31 
approach. Even though he’s not much older than me, he always acted like we were little kids and he was the adult. 
Toby the Celebrity: Wynter, with someone like him, you can’t always be the one to make the first move. I have a feeling that guy is keeping something secret. 
###chapter1173
Chapter 1173 A Trap for Wynter 
Tobias was typing so fast that Wynter suspected he had honed this skill by arguing with internet trolls. 
Wynter couldn’t even get a word in edgewise as Tobias flooded the chat. His typing speed was even faster than hers, despite her being a hacker, leaving her at a loss for words. 
Toby the Celebrity: No, I don’t feel comfortable with Wynter being there alone. I should have taken the train, too! 
Wynter freed her hand to reply. “No need to worry about me. Albert is here, too.” 
Toby the Celebrity: Albert has never been in a relationship himself, so what does he know? 
CEO Albert: Tobias, don’t you think you’re getting too full of yourself lately? 
Tobias furiously typed with his head hung low. His concern for Wynter was consuming him. 
Unbeknownst to them, a mysterious person at the airport was watching Tobias intently, their gaze filled with an unsettling fervor. It was the kind of look that seemed ready to erupt into hatred–fueled chaos at any moment. 
Only after Tobias entered the VIP lounge did the person look away. As they retreated into the restroom, they flashed a sinister smile at the mirror. 
They weren’t in a rush. Anyway, there would be plenty of opportunities for them to make a move in Hawford. 
Meanwhile, the sound of a saxophone playing could be heard at a café with classic decor in Hawford. The place was filled with the aroma of coffee and the sweet, caramel scent of freshly baked bread. 
The pastry most famous here was the palmier with the traditional taste of Shanga, attracting many foreigners to try it out. However, due to the café’s membership–only policy, not all tourists could enter. 
Having existed through monumental periods and now standing for over a century, 
the cafe had a historical significance. 
The rich ladies of Hawford liked to come here for afternoon tea. Almost every couch here had Hermès crocodile leather bags and tea sets for drinking tea, combining 
aesthetics from different countries. 
There was a unique charm to the combination of white porcelain peony flowers and 
piping hot Earl Grey tea. 
However, things were not so peaceful here today. 
“Marie, I do want to help you, but the Whitman family has definitely changed their mind. For some reason, they sent word to me not to contact them for you anymore.” 
Lynette Wray laid her hand on Marie’s as she continued, “Why don’t you try another way? I heard that a medium called Ms. Yates recently arrived in Hawford. Maybe she 
can help you.” 
Marie wanted to see her brothers as soon as possible. Even though she had been in 
Hawford for so many days, there hadn’t been any progress. 
She had thought there was hope before, but now she was back to square one. 
She knew she had hurt her brothers too deeply in the past. She blamed no one, but it 
was just that she was getting impatient. 
However, she had always disliked superstitions like fortune–telling. Wynter’s words also played a part in this. Now that Wolf wasn’t by her side, she had to make decisions carefully. 
“Lynette, thank you.” Marie set down her tea cup. “You’ve been working tirelessly for my sake. I appreciate your kindness. 
“However, I won’t meet the medium. You know well that the issues between me and 
Shane all stem from his excessive belief in divination. That’s what disrupted our 
family’s peace.” 
Lynette still wanted to persuade her. “Ms. Yates is different. Many foreigners trust 
her, and even Angelica holds her in high regard. 
Top for Wynter 
“Marie, you can’t always remain closed–minded. Sometimes, you need to step out and broaden your perspective.” 
“That’s why I’m still learning.” Marie smiled, her gaze seemed to waver. “But you, Lynette, you’re different from before. I remember you were the least trusting of these things back when we were students.” 
###chapter1174
Chapter 1174 Looking Down on Marie 
Lynette flicked her long hair and took a sip of coffee after turning away. 
“I was too insecure back then, I always trailed behind you and never had the courage to try. I’ve come to realize something -everyone has to get exposed to new things. 
“Look at the beauty salon I’ve dreamt of opening for the longest time. That’s how I started it. Now, all of Hawford’s ladies come to me for fillers and anti–aging 
treatments. 
“If you’re interested, you can come and visit, too. I can do your nose for you.” 
When Lynette laughed, her facial expression was indescribably strange. It was 
probably because she just had an injection. 
She quickly covered her eyes. “I can’t laugh. Who knows how many wrinkles I’ll have with this smile alone? I sure do envy your face. You’re so fair and young. How do you 
even maintain it, Marie?” 
“It’s probably because I’ve always been kept indoors and rarely went out.” Marie 
didn’t mention her soul entering the formation. 
Lynette seemed quite annoyed at the mention of it. “It’s all because of Shane! How 
could he be so despicable? 
“You’re to blame as well. Tons of men liked you back then, and you just had to fall for 
him, of all people. I’m glad you’ve moved on. 
“Do you know how I thought you’d never get better again when I went to see you a 
few years back? You looked frighteningly awful-” 
At this point, she quickly stopped herself as she realized she shouldn’t be saying all 
this. “Marie, that’s not what I meant. I’m just worried about you.” 
Marie lowered her eyes as she sipped her tea gracefully. “It’s okay. I was indeed 
blinded.” 
As she spoke, she pushed the dessert forward. “I made everyone worry just because I encountered a scumbag. I’ll be staying in Hawford from now on. There will be plenty 
of opportunities for us to meet.” 
“Yeah. In the future, we can go back to being besties, just like when we were in college.” 
Lynette wore an expression full of warmth as if she welcomed Marie back. 
Marie didn’t say much in response, nor did she stay for long. 
“You must be tired. Let’s leave it at that for today. We’ll make plans some other day,” Marie suggested with a smile as she stood up, maintaining a flawless posture. 
Lynette nodded with a smile. “Another day it is. I can’t drink alcohol now because of my face. Once the swelling goes down, we must have a good drink together and talk about what’s changed over these years.” 
It was widely known that nothing much had changed for Marie, who was ill for over a decade. Despite that, Lynette still said those words. 
The sun outside the café was glaring. 
Lynette’s eyes narrowed as she watched the slender figure walk out of the café. Her hold on the teacup tightened as well. 
A calmness returned to her smiling eyes before it was taken over by an unprecedented jealousy. 
“The check, please.” Lynette raised her hand. 
A waiter in a tailcoat approached her before politely informing her, “Ma’am, your friend has already settled the bill.” 
“She can pay?” Lynette’s eyebrows shot up. 
This exclusive café was accessible only to Chamber of Commerce members‘ families or Royal Club affiliates. And yet, Marie, who hadn’t been seen in Hawford for so long, could actually pay the bill here! 
“You might need to update your membership system. Some previous members seem to still have privileges,” Lynette remarked. 
The waiter smiled lightly and nodded. “I will make a note of what you’ve said, ma’am.” 
Chépte: 1174 Cooking Down on Mare 
Lynette then gestured for him to leave, her eyes still fixed on the figure outside hailing a taxi. 
She pushed away the dessert plate from earlier with a look of disdain on her face. She actually still thinks she’s the person who can get everything she wants as she once did in Hawford.” 
###chapter1175
Chapter 1175 The Capital 
“Everyone has their own career at this point. She’s the only one who has achieved nothing, gone completely mad, and now wants to reconcile with the Whitman family. I can’t tell if she’s naive or just plain stupid.” 
Lynette’s words were directed at the person sitting behind her. As she spoke, the person stood up, gradually revealing their face. 
It was none other than Madeline. 
“She probably doesn’t know that in Hawford’s capital circle, the Wray family’s influence is on par with the Whitman family’s. Especially you, Lynette. Everyone 
knows about the club you run. 
“As for Marie, she’s so out of touch. At first, I thought she was impressive because of how famous she was as Hawford’s Red Rose. She probably is just all show.” 
Madeline chuckled softly, clearly belittling one while praising the other. 
Lynette liked what she was hearing. She took a sip of coffee before commenting, “It’s a pity she didn’t listen to me about going to Ms. Yates.” 
“Ms. Yates?” Madeline was puzzled. “Lynette, why did you want her to see Ms. Yates? 
11 
Lynette didn’t care much. “My brother asked me to tell her that. Who knows what they’re up to again? But from the looks of it, it’s probably his insatiable lust acting up 
again.” 
Lynette sneered. “It’s one thing to fool around outside, but is he trying to be a stepfather? The child is already so grown.” 
“You mean, Mr. Wray…” Madeline seemed to have stumbled upon a shocking piece 
of gossip. 
Lynette looked at her reflection, still not quite satisfied with the right side of her face. 
“Kenton has always liked Marie. He’s been restless since he heard she was coming back. But it’s just because he couldn’t have her before that he wants her now. He 
Chapter 1125 The Capital 
would never get divorced and marry Marie. 
“Don’t worry. It’s not the end of the issue with your daughter. If Marie wants to come back, she’ll have to get past me first.” 
“I knew you’d stand up for me. The Quinnell family has completely disregarded us,” Madeline complained, fanning the flames on purpose. 
Lynette sneered. “That was in Kingbourne. The Capital has already taken action. 
They won’t have an easy time in Hawford.” 
Hearing that the Capital had taken action, Madeline knew everything was set in 
motion. She thought that Wynter was overconfident. 
Madeline hadn’t wanted to stoop to the level of dealing with someone much 
younger. However, the issue with Phoebe almost implicated the Boyd family and 
even affected her position at the law firm. 
Since the other party was so inconsiderate of the Boyd family’s reputation, it was 
time for Wynter to taste the bitterness of being suppressed by the Capital! 
Lynette still felt uneasy because of Marie’s beauty. 
“How has she stayed the same all these years? It’s like she’s frozen in time. Her face 
hasn’t changed at all.” Lynette seemed to be talking to herself, yet it also felt like she was asking Madeline. 
The Boyd family only rose to prominence later on. Madeline, too, came from an 
unknown background. 
If Lynette was Marie’s follower in the past, Madeline was someone who couldn’t 
even get into their social circles. 
She had never seen Marie in person. However, she had heard about Hawford 
University’s dazzling and enchanting campus beauty. 
Seeing her just now, Madeline was stunned and took a long time to recover. If she 
hadn’t seen it with her own eyes, she wouldn’t have believed that someone could 
take care of themselves so well. 
Despite being peers, Marie looked like she was just over 30. How could anyone not 
be jealous? Moreover, her flawless and smooth skin made anyone who saw it want 
###chapter1176
Chapter 1176 Dehumanizing the Poor 
Rumor had it that the Whitman family had a daughter who every household desired. 
When Madeline heard this, she thought it was an exaggeration. After all, no matter how beautiful a woman was, she would age one day. 
Marie, no matter how beautiful, would also grow old. 
But after seeing her today, Madeline understood that some people could indeed look 
like fairies. 
However, she couldn’t show her envy as Lynette was watching her. 
“I think she’s just average,” Madeline remarked with a flattering tone. “She’s not as 
ladylike as you, Lynette.” 
Lynette glanced at her. “You don’t need to force yourself to compliment me. I don’t 
really care. With today’s advanced technology, you can have any appearance you 
want. 
“What’s important for a woman is to have her own career. But I have to agree that 
she has a captivating face.” 
Otherwise, why would people remember her for so many years? 
Then again, that didn’t change anything. After all, Marie had already been married 
and had so many children. 
Women lost their value the moment they became housewives. After all these years, 
who in the current circle would remember Marie? 
Lynette bet that “that person” wouldn’t pay Marie attention even if she stood in front 
of them. 
“Alright, I’m going to get some shuteye. There’s been a lot of trouble at the hospital 
recently. 
“A high school student named Heather Not who couldn’t afford the surgery came in, There were some issues with her own blood, and she tried to blame it on me! 
“You’re a lawyer, so I’ll let you handle this trivial matter. She’s not dead, but that face. of hers sure is disgusting to look at. 
“I heard her mouth was all crooked from a failed injection. She wants the 
organization to compensate her. I don’t want to spend my money on these poor people. 
“If this opens the floodgates, imagine how many more lowlifes will come to me. You have to handle this properly,” Lynette instructed. 
As she stood up, there was no hiding the contempt in her voice. “These people dream of becoming beautiful even though they are dirt poor. 
“They don’t even think about whether they can afford it. After they choose the cheap treatments, they blame us. How ridiculous. 
“But fortunately, these poor people are stupid. Who would I make money from otherwise? As usual, if we win the lawsuit, you’ll still get this amount.” Lynette gestured with her hand before grabbing her bag and heading upstairs. 
Above the café was a clubhouse where she planned to rest for a while. 
This was undoubtedly a mutually agreed–upon arrangement. One look at Madeline’s 
expression showed that this wasn’t their first time doing this. 
There was once a questionnaire on a certain platform asking if the rich didn’t see others as human beings. One of the replies came from a caddy. 
“Labor with a clear price tag is also the least valuable labor. 
“This is how the mind of the wealthy works–after selling you something and making money off you, they treat you like a crop to be harvested. They’ll then use a third of 
that money to enslave you again. 
“Would you defy them? I certainly won’t. I need this job. Compared to working under the scorching sun outside, all I have to do is pick up balls and help the clients with their golf clubs. 
“Sometimes, if they’re in a good mood, they might even buy a card from me. Compared to my classmates back in my hometown, I’m already doing well–my 
income is at least three times theirs. 
Chapter 1176 Dehumanizing the Poor 
3/3 
“But even so, I still can’t afford the down payment for a house in the city center by the end of the year. 
“Later, I overheard the clients chatting about how to package products for their 
businesses. Nowadays, selling just things isn’t a fad. 
“Instead, they package people, pushing one internet celebrity after another, 
constantly generating traffic, and creating topics. 
“I wasn’t interested and was about to walk away when I heard them talk about how to inflate housing prices and short the stock market… 
“My friends, do you know what I felt like at that moment? I felt like a fool struggling to move forward because of the heavy shell I was carrying.” 
###chapter1177
Chapter 1177 Trouble Arises 
Clearly, Lynette was the type of capitalist mentioned on social media who didn’t treat people as human beings. Her approach was simple and devoid of any boundaries. 
To make more money, she used medications that had no safety certification. Now that something went wrong, she wanted some clueless individuals to take the fall. 
The girl’s parents didn’t ask for much and were just trying to protect their rights. They only hoped that their daughter wouldn’t suffer and that the most basic medical expenses would be covered. 
But Lynette didn’t care about any of this. 
The reason her club managed to become the top club in Hawford within just a few 
years never had anything to do with conscience. 
If she agreed to fix one person’s botched job, what would she do when the second one came along? She couldn’t open that door. These poor people would always take a mile when given an inch. 
Lynette was already lying in the lounge with a face mask on, about to have a full- 
body spa. She only browsed short videos online when she was bored. 
Most of the comments praised their club. There were some negative remarks, but those would quickly be countered by other comments. 
After all, some people couldn’t even get into her club. A photo taken and posted at their club could generate a lot of traffic. Her club was the epitome of the social elite. 
“The usual essential oil, Ms. Wray?” The technician’s voice was soft. 
Just as Lynette was about to nod, her phone rang. She furrowed her brow, already sounding impatient when she demanded, “Didn’t I tell you to handle things yourself and not disturb me?” 
However, she froze the next second, and her expression turned unusually grim. She glanced at the technician, who immediately got up from her kneeling position and walked out the door. 
Only then did Lynette’s expression change, as she sat up with an exasperated look.” 
She’s dead? How did she die? From infection? 
“Contact the Boyd family immediately. Don’t let anyone into the club. No, wait, don’t stop the beauty party. We must not panic, especially at times like this. Make sure 
there are no reporters present. 
“We’ve been discussing Tobias‘ endorsement for a while now. Just release an 
announcement that he’s officially joining our club. 
“So what if we haven’t finalized the deal? I know he’s from the Quinnell family, but he’s just someone younger than me. He can’t say no, considering my relationship 
with his mother. 
“Who’s that girl’s main contact? Is there no one? It looks like she doesn’t have a good relationship with her family. She took out a loan for cosmetic surgery, you say? Then 
there’s nothing to worry about. 
“Whoever was in charge of her facial project should be prepared. Remember, her 
death has absolutely nothing to do with our club.” 
The phone call ended. 
The sky darkened as thick clouds gathered in an instant. Southern rain seemed to 
come without warning, leaving no time for anyone to react. 
The number of people hailing taxis in Hawford suddenly increased. Since it used to 
be the Frenda Concession, this area was filled with hotels and banks. 
Marie, who emerged from the café, did not have an ignorant or confused look in her eyes. Instead, there was a hint of depth and intent. 
If Lynette had seen this look, she would never have thought that Marie had been so 
domesticated that she lacked any capability. 
Marie was not just passively accepting whatever was said and easily deceived after falling ill. 
On the contrary, ever since Marie regained her consciousness, she realized she had 
Chapter 1177 Trouble Anises 
fallen behind in many aspects of society. 
3/3 
So, during this period, she had been continuously learning, not just about business operations but also about the intricacies of interpersonal interactions and strategic maneuvering. 
###chapter1178
Chapter 1178 An Old Acquaintance 
The entertainment industry was a place where a person could learn quickly. 
She could speak to one person in one way, and to others in another. Whoever was popular mingled with others who were as well while avoiding rivals who might suddenly rise to prominence. 
Everyone might seem harmonious, but in reality, they were at odds with one another. 
Marie might not have been so perceptive in the past. She had no interest in having 
conflicts with other women. 
In today’s world, it was probably what people called “female competition“. She had been this way since her school days. 
As she didn’t care who stood out, she wasn’t aware of these dynamics. 
However, things were different now. She had seen one too many acts people put on. 
Just now, every word Lynette said in front of her had a hidden motive. 
Marie suddenly realized that everyone seemed different from what she remembered after so many years had passed. 
If she hadn’t seen it with her own eyes, she would never have imagined that the once timid girl who followed behind her and was scared by the slightest loud noise would 
turn out like this. 
Marie couldn’t understand why Lynette had changed. But then again, the truth was quite straightforward. 
Among all the things Lynette said, she got one thing right—even the person Marie chose back then had changed beyond recognition. 
Marie glanced back at the café again, thinking this was the end of the road for them both. She would try to avoid her other friends in Hawford as well. 
It wasn’t that Marie couldn’t handle such occasions, but she worried that she would 
become Phoebe’s Achilles heel. 
7/3 
After all, Wynter was about to arrive in Hawford, and everyone here seemed to be targeting the Quinnell family. 
Marie was not a naive sheltered lady. 
Lynette and Madeline had overlooked one thing. 
Before Marie got married, Aleena had intended for her granddaughter to take over 
the company. 
No one understood the business dynamics in Hawford better than Marie. Perhaps 
people wanted to exploit her eagerness to mend her relationship with her brothers. 
Now, Marie worried that the Whitman family, wanting to avoid her, might make 
decisions they wouldn’t usually make. They might choose other partners over Wynter 
even if all conditions were equal. 
The thought of this made her breathing quicken, and she felt a wave of discomfort 
and anxiety. 
After all, it was normal for her to experience the aftereffects after spending such a 
long time in the hospital. She used to have a driver with her when she went out, but 
today was an exception. 
Marie took a pill from her bag and, pressing her hand to her chest, slowly calmed her 
palpitations. Just as she was about to sit down and rest for a while, a black Rolls- Royce slowly came to a stop beside her. 
Marie thought she might be blocking the car’s path. However, she was in a rest area. 
Puzzled, she looked up, only to hear the driver’s voice come through the pouring rain. 
“Miss, do you need any help? It’s hard to get a taxi in this rain. My boss said he could 
give you a ride.” 
Marie was no longer a naive young lady. She politely declined his offer. “Thank you, but there’s no need to trouble yourself, I-” 
Before she could finish her sentence, the rear window rolled down. 
She saw a face she knew all too well. 
He had almond–shaped eyes and delicate features resembling those of a woman. He 
Chapter 1178 An Old Acquaintance 
held a mixed–race appearance and unusually pale skin. 
3/3 
Even at his age, the man possessed an extraordinary beauty that was hard to rival. He wore a pair of gold–rimmed glasses on his high–bridged nose. Unlike his youthful allure, he now exuded a mature charm. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
Claim 
Ker Marty Hing 
###chapter1179
Chapter 1179 Do Not Marry Him 
Lucius Darnell’s figure hadn’t changed at all compared to his peers. 
His suit’s color had changed from his usual dark red to a somber gray, showing a sense of maturity and gravitas. There was an indescribable sense of aloofness when he looked at people. 
Lucius had a laptop on his lap and seemed to be working. The light cast on his deeply defined features gave him a serious and composed look. It was a stark 
contrast to the reckless man he once was. 
Marie’s gaze froze. The last time he saw Lucius was at her wedding. 
The reckless, free–spirited man had called her amidst the wedding crowd. He sounded drunk, or perhaps it was just his usual nonchalant self. His voice was 
frivolous. 
“Hey, listen to me. Don’t marry him. Can’t you take a look at me? I’ll have you instead 
if you agree.” 
Lucius‘ Cascadian wasn’t very fluent then. He carried an accent he couldn’t shake off, having grown up abroad. His classmates used to say it gave him an Emstia gentleman’s charm. 
Marie found it strange, especially since she had never had any interaction with 
Lucius. 
How did he even get her phone number, and why was he making such a joke? 
Moreover, he was invited by Shane as a groomsman. 
Marie didn’t think much of it at that time and hung up the phone immediately. 
Marie assumed that Lucius was probably drunk and had dialed the wrong number. Even if it wasn’t a mistake, it had to be a joke. 
She felt uneasy about it back then and hence, had never mentioned it to anyone. 
After hanging up, Marie glanced at Lucius a couple of times. She saw him shaking dice at the party, surrounded by crowds of people. Only then did Marie breathe a sigh 
Chapter 11790o Net Many Bin 
of relief. 
2/3 
It was probably just a wrong number, especially since he hadn’t mentioned her name 
in the phone call. 
Nevertheless, the phone call left such a deep impression on Marie that seeing 
Lucious now felt almost surreal. She had just vowed to avoid people from her past, 
and here he was, right in front of her. 
However, Hawford was only so big. Moreover, Marie’s social circles were the same as before. It was unrealistic to truly avoid anyone. 
With this in mind, Marie smiled gracefully. “Long time no see. What a coincidence.” 
“Indeed.” Lucius had clearly changed a lot. 
He used to be more flamboyant. But now he resembled a charismatic successful 
man, fitting into the popular portrayal of a “distinguished middle–aged man” often 
seen in TV dramas. He was both wealthy and charming. 
“I told my driver to stop since I figured it was you. When did you return to Hawford?” 
Lucius asked. 
Marie shifted slightly to her right. “I’ve been back for a while now.” 
“Oh, really? Well, I guess it’s not that coincidental then. We’re only meeting today.” Lucius moved his laptop aside before speaking as if they were old friends, “Get in the 
car first.” 
Marie hesitated for a moment before she heard more vehicles lining up behind Lucius car. She didn’t want to decline further and risk causing a traffic jam. She adjusted her bag slightly and got into the car sideways. 
The Rolls Royce had ample space. It didn’t feel crowded even with two people in the 
back seat. There was a space in the middle for cups, and there was a built–in 
refrigerator, too. 
Marie had experienced illness, but she had never been poor, so she was accustomed 
to these luxuries. 
The driver was sizing up Marie through the rearview mirror. Lucius had many admirers, including younger women in their early 20s who were infatuated with him. 
Chapter 1179 Do Not Marry Hum 
However, it was common knowledge that he was a staunch non–marriage advocate and had never made an exception for anyone. 
Nevertheless, Lucius did have one criterion for his female companions–they had to be fiery and defiant. 
The more fiery and defiant they were, the more patient he would be and stay for a few days longer. But Marie, who just got in the car, was clearly not that type. 
###chapter1180
Chapter 1180 Lucius‘ Intention 
On the contrary, Marie was calm. It was as if everything was ordinary in her eyes. 
Moreover, she was exceptionally beautiful. She had an air of delicate aloofness that seemed beyond her age. When her gaze stopped earlier, her eyes were strikingly clear and pure. 
However, it was impossible to conceal one’s temperament. The driver was certain that Marie was not an innocent young lady. Instead, she seemed like a well–cared–for wealthy lady. 
Lucius was never interested in women like this. Why had he asked the driver to stop from such a distance? The driver kept glancing back at Marie as he was confused and had plenty of questions. 
There were still water droplets on Marie’s hair ends. After all, it had been raining constantly. It was impossible to not be drizzled. 
She deliberately turned her head to avoid facing Lucius. “Do you have any tissues in the car?” 
“Yes.” Lucius chuckled softly before pulling out a few tissues for her. 
The driver’s eyebrows furrowed deeply. Lucius seemed unusually accommodating. 
As Marie took the tissues from him and started drying her hair, one side of her neck became exposed. It was elegant, like that of a swan. It had such beautiful lines that it invited the thought of taking a bite. 
Lucius averted his gaze from the sight and refocused on his laptop. His voice was steady as he said, “Reschedule the meeting for tomorrow.” With that, he ended the call. 
Marie paused. “Did I interrupt your work?” 
“No. It was already going to be rescheduled for tomorrow,” Lucius replied with a smile on his face, a stark contrast to his usual demeanor. “We’re old classmates. No need to be so formal,” 
Preation 
213 
Marie was surprised that Lucius‘ Cascadian no longer had any hint of a foreign accent. After some thought, it made sense that any Emstian accent would have faded after all these years of him living in Hawford. 
However, one thing did catch Marie off guard. She didn’t remember Lucius as 
someone who would use a term such as “old classmates“. 
“I’m just not quite used to it.” Maire was having trouble opening a bottle as she continued, “You’ve changed quite a bit.” 
Lucius opened the bottle of water and handed it to her. “We’re getting older. Change is inevitable. Immaturity can be annoying, after all.” 
Marie felt his words were familiar but couldn’t recall where she had heard them 
before. She accepted the water. “Thank you.” 
“How long are you planning to stay this time?” Lucius asked casually. “You finally returned to Hawford. It would be a shame not to catch up with everyone. I remember you used to love parties, with guests filling the room.” 
Marie smiled warmly at his words. “That sounds rather frivolous, but I haven’t been 
meeting people lately. I was ill before, and I’m still in the recovery phase. I wouldn’t 
want to worry anyone if I relapse.” 
Lucius‘ fingers paused, and he didn’t say anything further. 
Marie looked out the window as she searched for a convenient place to get off. She was looking for a spot where she could easily hail a cab or near a subway entrance. 
“Didn’t you come back with Shane?” Lucius suddenly asked. The question caught Marie completely off guard. 
It dawned on Marie that people in Hawford might not be interested in the gossip from Kingbourne. 
After all, the two cities were over a thousand miles apart. Who had the time to care 
about trivial matters like who was getting married or divorced? 
“No. I’m actually in the process of finalizing things with him. It should be almost done, 
” 
Marie replied before smiling politely. “Why is it that you’re the one asking all the questions? What about you? How have you been?” 
Chapter 1180 Lucius‘ Intention 
373 
Lucius gestured to his laptop. “I’m working every day.” 
Marie naturally didn’t believe him. Lucius‘ family was at the apex of capital. It was 
said that he had come to Hawford for half a year of transition during his studies. 
He had intended to return to Emstia once Hawford had entered the market. No one 
knew why he ended up staying in Hawford. 
“The rain doesn’t seem to be stopping anytime soon. I’ve been working all day and haven’t eaten.” 
Lucius looked out the window and seemed to be contemplating before he turned to Marie. “How about grabbing some soup together? It’ll warm us up.“
###chapter1181
Chapter 1181 Lingering Feelings 
Soup? Marie realized that Lucius was serious. She hesitated before speaking, “I have to go to the railway station to pick someone up later. I’m afraid I won’t have time today.” 
Upon hearing this, Lucius smiled faintly. “Who’s so important?” 
“My daughter.” When Marie mentioned Wynter, her eyes softened in a way they rarely 
did. 
Lucius gazed at her for a while before speaking again, “You really seem like a mother 
now. It’s hard to imagine.” 
“That’s because I AM a mother.” Marie laughed heartily, finding his comment rather 
peculiar. 
Lucius withdrew his gaze, his demeanor becoming more distant. “I didn’t expect you to adapt so well to marriage and motherhood. I’ve just never pictured you being tied down by such trivial matters like this.” 
Marie furrowed her brows. “My daughter is not a trivial matter.” 
She sounded somewhat displeased. No one truly understood what Wynter’s return 
meant to her. Marie often felt a sense of indebtedness, not just to Wynter who was 
abducted, but also to her sons. 
Lucius looked at his fingers with a hint of mockery, though it wasn’t clear what he 
was mocking. “So, your focus now is entirely on your family.” 
“That’s about right.” Marie felt that her old acquaintances seemed very concerned 
about how she was doing now. They also liked to compare her past self with her 
current self, and she suddenly felt a bit weary of it all. 
Lucius spoke again, “It seems we’re already from two different worlds, class 
president.” 
Marie paused upon hearing this tile again. Before she had the time to react, Lucius instructed the driver, “Take Ms. Whitman to Summergrove Mansion.” 
Summergrove Mansion? The Whitmans‘ old residence? 
Marie looked up abruptly. “I’m not going there. Just drop me off at the subway 
station ahead.” 
“Are you not going home?” Lucius‘ probing tone slipped out casually. “Is it because 
of what happened before? 
“I can help with the misunderstanding between you and the Whitman family. You 
should at least go back and visit since you’re back.” 
Marie’s eyes hardened with caution. “Stop the car.” 
Lucius furrowed his brows. “Why?” 
“Tell your driver to stop the car.” 
Marie indeed wanted to resolve the conflict with her family quickly, but she didn’t want any external interference in the matter. This way, there would be less risk of harm coming to Wynter because of her own entanglement. 
Lucius‘ gaze darkened slightly. “I don’t know which of my words offended you, but stopping the car now clearly isn’t wise. 
“I offered to help you. Why is that so hard for you to just accept it? Or are you worried about Shane’s opinions? 
“I have to say, class president, your emotional maturity seems to match your appearance. After all these years, it seems you haven’t matured much. I still don’t understand why you would say that Shane is your knight in shining armor. 
“Your taste in men is truly lacking. You’ve been ill for so long, and it’s all related to him, isn’t it? Now you’re rejecting help from others for his sake. Marie Whitman, you are truly beyond help. 
“Forget it, it has nothing to do with me,” Lucius spoke slowly. His tone was devoid of any emotion, as if stating a fact. 
After speaking, Lucius‘/demeanor turned cold. He squeezed the water bottle before continuing, “Listen to her. Stop the car.” 
The driver immediately slowed down and pulled over to the side of the road. 
Chapter 1181 Lingering Feelings 
3/3 
However, he also realized that Lucius didn’t actually want Marie to get out of the car. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter1182
Chapter 1182 Memories Unfaded 
The driver found it quite unbelievable when Lucius suggested having a meal with Marie earlier. It defied everything he had come to know about Lucius over the 
years. 
Even more astonishing was that there was a woman in Hawford who would reject him. It was simply beyond the driver’s imagination. 
Marie responded to Lucius‘ earlier words once the car came to a stop. “I don’t understand why you would bring Shane into this. You and I both know why you’re 
approaching me. 
“I know the Darnell family’s power is immense, enough to influence many things. The Hawford capital market is only so big, and many people don’t want the Quinnells to 
have a share of the pie. 
“But I am not the weak link you’re looking for. You’ve got the wrong person.” 
With that, Marie decisively opened the door and walked away. 
Marie’s firmness and decisiveness took the driver by surprise. She appeared delicate, 
but her actions were surprisingly strong and uncompromising. 
The car remained in place, unmoving. Although there was no visible emotion on Lucius‘ face, the driver could tell that he wasn’t pleased. It was as if his meticulously 
planned meeting had been disrupted. 
“Boss?” The driver was unsure of what to do next. 
Lucius let out a derisive laugh and tightened his grip on the water bottle. “She’s really 
fixated on the Quinnell family. Fine, let her be.” 
Despite his words, he didn’t avert his gaze nor instruct the driver to start the car. 
“Have the car that’s following us take her wherever she wants to go.” Lucius 
continued. 
The driver froze for a moment. Lucius was behaving very unusually today. 
Members of the Darnell family always did things meticulously. For many years, Lucius had deliberately avoided any news regarding Marie. As long as he neither saw 
nor heard anything, he could control a certain impulse within himself. 
Otherwise, he might actually end up doing something as outrageous as taking another man’s wife. If that happened, Adrian Darnell, his father, would probably 
explode with anger. 
After all, the Whitmans and Quinnells were far from ordinary. If Lucius truly disrupted such an alliance, it would mean making powerful enemies in Cascadia. 
Lucius wasn’t exactly known for his strong sense of morality. He had lived rather 
recklessly in his youth. 
The concept of maintaining one’s purity was something he didn’t quite grasp. His approach to relationships was consistently one of neither initiation nor rejection. 
It all changed during Lucius‘ high school years when he came to Cascadia and met 
Marie. That was when he understood what it meant to develop feelings within 
boundaries. 
Marie wasn’t conservative, yet she had her own set of principles when it came to 
relationships. 
If there was one thing that remained constant, it was that Marie never saw Lucius in 
that light. She believed in a lifelong commitment to one person. 
Lucius couldn’t understand how Marie could be so certain that Shane was the one 
she could entrust her life to. Was it just because of Shane’s seemingly upright 
demeanor? 
But Lucius was no longer his younger self. Even if he saw Marie again, he could 
control himself. She was just another woman after all. 
Lucius told himself that, yet his grip on the water bottle never relaxed. His piercing blue eyes held an unprecedented depth, revealing the turmoil within. Marie’s rejection had stirred emotions in him. 
Even the bait of reconciling with the Whitman family wasn’t enough to lure her in. 
What was it about Shane that made him so worthy in her eyes? 
Sometimes, people shouldn’t set limits for themselves. If Lucius hadn’t avoided news about Marie, he would have known that she had already divorced Shane. 
###chapter1183
Chapter 1183 Inviting the Quinnells
At times, the more you cared, the less you wanted to get involved. This reluctance stemmed from the desire to keep the pain at bay.
Lucius lifted his hand to make a call as he watched Marie walk away. "Tell the Wray family I'll attend tomorrow's Chamber of Commerce."
The voice on the other end carried a tone of surprise. "Yes, boss."
Lucius suddenly chuckled. "Provided they manage to invite the Quinnell family."
There was a pause on the other end, followed by a hesitant response. It was as if the person was struggling to find the right words. "Chamber of Commerce... invite the Quinnell family?"
"Is it difficult?" Lucius' tone remained casual as he twirled his ring adorned with the family crest on his slender finger. "Isn't the Quinnell family almost here in Hawford? It should be quite a simple task for the Wray family to extend an invitation."
"This... Boss, it might not be a good idea for the Quinnells to attend the Chamber of Commerce. There's a lot of opposition against the Quinnell family within the Chamber. The Wrays..."
Lucius interrupted before the other person could finish their sentence. "If the Wray family disagrees, then forget about it. Don't bother me with anything else."
"Alright! Alright, boss! I'll go talk to them right away!"
That was strange. Wasn't Lucius always uninterested in the Quinnell family's affairs? How did he know that the Quinnell family members were arriving in Hawford soon? And why would he suddenly want to invite them to the Chamber of Commerce?
The person in charge couldn't understand. But even so, he wasn't foolish enough to offend Lucius. Besides, behind Lucius stood the Darnell family.
Meanwhile, Marie had encountered two acquaintances in succession and was even forcefully driven back to her hotel by the car. She was starting to get a headache from it before she received a call from Jacqueline.
Marie was now in charge of making all decisions regarding Tobias' affairs.
Marie frowned instinctively when Jacqueline explained the endorsement situation. "We were just testing the water. I remember clearly that I instructed you to decline them last time."
"Yes, but Ms. Whitman, the offer from this club is indeed very attractive and upscale. It is comparable to some business endorsements." Jacqueline was analyzing from a market perspective. "And it seems the other party is also a friend of yours."
Marie pondered for a moment before saying, "There's another thing aside from personal relationships. The contract with this club hasn't been finalized, yet they've already launched an advertisement claiming that the celebrity will endorse them.
"From this point alone, they lack integrity. I know that generally, in the entertainment industry, things are only officially announced when they are certain about it.
"I also understand your perspective. From the reactions online, it seems fans also think that it would enhance Tobias' value if he can get this endorsement.
"But regardless of how impressive this club is or how high-end it claims to be, it's fundamentally just a cosmetic surgery institution. I won't allow Tobias to take the endorsement until I am certain about its
safety.
"Moreover, I believe it's highly inappropriate for the club to make such an advertisement. It seems more like coercion to force Tobias to accept this endorsement. This is my concern as a mother.
"Also, looking at Tobias' future development, he doesn't need this endorsement. He has always aimed for global influence and is about to start filming. It's best not to have any other distractions until the film wraps up."
Jacqueline realized she had nearly made a fatal mistake after Marie's remarks. The reason their progress had been so smooth, surpassing numerous entertainment companies, was because they were within Wynter's commercial realm.
Jacqueline hadn't forgotten how, whenever Wynter took action, it led to one trending news after another.
###chapter1184
Chapter 1184 Arriving at Hawford
From revealing his identity to announcing his new project alongside Rowan, Tobias was now about to join an elite production team that others could only dream of joining.
This was because the screenwriter for this project was highly acclaimed. Every piece of work they produced became a hit. Their success wasn't limited to only domestic markets, and they were equally popular internationally.
However, this screenwriter had very specific tastes, and average actors wouldn't make the cut. Even investors couldn't force actors into the cast because it wasn't about money.
In short, this screenwriter was very particular and had absolute authority.
Strangely enough, the celebrity of Jacqueline's agency, Tobias, had been selected for this role despite lacking significant acting experience.
Indeed, based on Jacqueline's work approach, completing the current production well was key. She herself didn't know why she was swayed so easily by others' words this time.
No, that wasn't right. It was because the person who gave her empty promises was someone she had always wanted to meet.
It was the Wray family's scion, Lynette Wray. She was a socialite in Hawford.
The impression Lynette left at the banquet was too memorable. Jacqueline always felt that such a person was beyond reach.
Moreover, Lynette's career had been so successful that she had amassed more wealth than most could accumulate in several lifetimes in just a few years.
Therefore, when Lynette threw the bait, Jacqueline had completely forgotten her role as an agent and that her primary duty was to steer the actor's career in the right direction.
It wasn't until Marie's reminder that Jacqueline realized this.
Most importantly, if Jacqueline had impulsively agreed to this endorsement on Tobias' behalf, she wouldn't have been able to explain herself to Wynter.
"I'll decline their offer right away." Jacqueline was anxious. "I'll also handle the public opinion carefully."
Marie looked up. "Don't handle it hastily. Issue a formal statement, and make sure we don't associate with the club."
Jacqueline was slightly puzzled. "But why? I apologize, Ms. Whitman, I'm not trying to question your judgment. The other party did mention being your friend. Besides, there's no need to handle this so harshly.
"There are plenty of resources in Hawford. I'm worried that offending them might restrict our future work. You should be aware of the influence the Wray family has in Hawford."
Marie pondered as she weighed the pros and cons. In the end, she chose to trust her own judgment.
"There might be issues with the beauty club of the Wray family. We must issue the statement. If it offends them, so be it.
"If they can't handle a simple statement and want to use their influence to pressure us, then let them see what happens when they challenge the Quinnell family."
Having been part of the Quinnell family, Marie neither sought trouble nor feared it. Although Shane was a
scoundrel, she never doubted the Quinnell family's power.
Both Fabian and the late Harriet treated her well. Her swift divorce was also due to having a father-in-law who was both sensible and righteous.
The Quinnell family started as national businessmen and despised those who used their power to bully others. They had educated Marie's sons well, and now Wynter, too.
Based on the interaction Marie had with Lynette and the words she had spoken, it was clear they weren't on the same path.
Moreover, Marie suspected that the Wray family was the most opposed to the Quinnells coming to Hawford.
At 7:07 PM, the high-speed train from Kingbourne to Hawford arrived on time. A business Alphard van, arranged by the Yarwood family, waited by the roadside.
The team from the Yarwood Group paid particular attention to these details.
Knowing that Dalton was coming, the Hawford branch's manager had been waiting since 4:00 PM. He feared traffic delays might hinder his timely arrival to pick Dalton up.
###chapter1185
Chapter 1185 Early Encounters
Desmond Clarke kept his eyes glued to the exit. The moment he saw that familiar figure, he immediately stopped his subordinates from fanning him and swiftly ran to the front. He moved with remarkable agility despite being chubby.
With great attentiveness, he stepped forward to take Dalton's suitcase and greeted him enthusiastically," Mr. Yarwood, you've finally arrived. Would you like to rest at the hotel first after such a long ride?"
Dalton raised an eyebrow at Desmond's sudden appearance.
Wynter was looking at Desmond as well. "Did you arrange this?"
Before Dalton could reply, Albert walked over. He glanced at the seven or eight managers standing outside and the signs they were holding up.
The signs wrote "Welcome Mr. Yarwood to Hawford for inspection" or something along those lines.
Albert's gaze then fell on Dalton. "So, this is the Yarwood family's style."
For the first time in his life, Dalton was at a loss for words. After all, he didn't expect such a scene, either. Wynter found the situation somewhat amusing before she answered a phone call.
"Hi, Mom. Yes, we've arrived. Can you not get in? A celebrity? It might not be a celebrity," Wynter said as she glanced at Dalton with a slight smile. "It's a well-known company's boss."
The boss himself, Dalton, was speechless. Even as an accompanying family member, he didn't get to keep a low profile.
"Mr. Clarke, have your people clear the way," Dalton said with a calm voice as he glanced to the side. "I'll handle my own suitcase."
"Yes, of course. I'm just too excited to see you."
Desmond was a shrewd individual. He immediately noticed that his arrangements might not have pleased Dalton. He quickly waved his hand, signaling the other managers to step back and act more naturally.
Dalton rarely visited Hawford primarily due to health reasons in the past. He often attended meetings online instead.
Upon hearing that Dalton was coming, everyone here naturally wanted to exchange a few words with him. However, after Desmond's gesture, they understood and discreetly stepped back.
Just then, Marie walked over. She watched the scene unfold with a knowing look. She hadn't expected Dalton to accompany Wynter to Hawford.
She had always held the impression that Dalton was always focused on work. He didn't seem to exhibit the typical demeanor one might expect at his age.
When Dalton was younger, he would accompany Theo on visits. The other children used to find Wynter adorable and chubby, and they would often want to tease and pinch Wynter's cheeks. However, Dalton always carried himself with maturity and grace.
Compared to Tobias, who was only three years younger than Dalton, they seemed to be from a completely different generation.
Tobias was lively and restless. When he was around, neither the Winstons nor the Fentons had a quiet moment.
Dalton, on the other hand, was a gentleman even back then. He would wear a suit and small mask, as if
afraid of allergies.
When Wynter was in the crib, Dalton would just look at her calmly. Quietly and gracefully, just like an adult.
Marie once teased, "Isn't Wynter adorable? She might be your wife in the future."
Marie remembered vividly that Dalton looked up at her seriously and replied, "She's so small but eats a lot. I don't know how she digests it.
"I don't know about adorable, but she definitely has strength. She held onto my arm just now and didn't let go."
Marie was very surprised that Wynter would take the initiative to be close to someone.
Although Wynter was a bit of a tomboy, she was very assertive and never liked having her face pinched. It was unprecedented for her to hold onto someone and not let go.
###chapter1186
Chapter 1186 A Match Made in Heaven. 
Marie was aware of Dalton’s delicate condition. She had wanted to 
pull Wynter away and call the family doctor then. 
Yet, Dalton calmly told her, “Mrs. Quinnell, I’m not allergic to Wynter. It might be because she’s a baby.” 
Dalton was exceptionally courteous, in contrast to Wynter, who kept. reaching her hands out, seemingly insisting on being held by him. 
Theo and the other guests present couldn’t help but be amused by Wynter’s actions. Wynter, however, looked around with her big, round 
eyes, not knowing what the guests were laughing at. 
Perhaps it was because Dalton was considerate even at a young age 
that he didn’t refuse. 
He wouldn’t embarrass anyone in public. Instead, he took the 
initiative and asked, “Mrs. Quinnell, I’ve never held a child before. May I hold Wynter?” 
Who would refuse such a polite child? 
Marie’s sons stood nearby and looked bewildered, as if wondering 
why Dalton would want to carry Wynter. Did he want to carry her 
because he didn’t have a sister himself? 
Nevertheless, Marie was in a good mood and handed Wynter to 
Dalton. 
Dalton’s hold on Wynter wasn’t correct, but he was very careful. He was definitely more reliable compared to Marie’s sons who acted like 
monkeys. 
Wynter started laughing as soon as she was in his arms. It was as if she was very satisfied with the outcome. 
It was from that moment that the marriage arrangement between the Quinnell and Yarwood families was truly established. 
Theo said at the time. “I’ve never seen my grandson smile like this. He finally looks like a normal child now. It seems that the medium’s fable wasn’t wrong. Even without the fable, these two children are a good match.” 
Wynter just laughed joyfully and was visibly happy. 
Marie couldn’t help but smile as she recalled this memory and looked 
at Wynter, who was all grown up now. 
Wynter hung up the phone puzzledly and walked over. “Mom, what’s 
so funny?” 
“Nothing much. I just remembered how much you clung to Dalton. 
when you were little,” Marie replied. 
Wynter felt as if she had been struck by lightning. She asked with a 
rare tone of disbelief, “Me? Clinging to him?” 
Dalton turned his head slightly, his eyes filled with amusement. He 
coughed softly with a hint of pride, “You had good taste when you 
were with the Quinnell family.” 
Wynter wondered what all this was about. 
Dalton raised an eyebrow and whispered, “You used to cry and fuss, asking me to hold you. Now I can hardly get a hold of you for days at 
a time. You were much cuter back then.” 
Wynter couldn’t help but laugh. “You’re exaggerating. Me? Crying and fussing?” 
“It was true. You always extended your arms and wanted to be carried by Dalton.” 
Great. Now even Marie had confirmed Dalton’s statement. Wynter’s perception of her younger self had just been turned upside down. 
But looking at Dalton’s face again, it wasn’t that hard to understand. After all, he looked like someone who had been good–looking since he was a child. 
Wynter wanting him to hold her was undoubtedly because she couldn’t resist his charm. Beauty was truly a curse. 
As Wynter lowered her head and shook it, Marie saw a glimpse of Wynter’s energetic younger self again, and the smile on her face grew even brighter. 
Marie’s smile was captivating. She wore a light blue long dress today which made her already fair skin look even fairer. She exuded a charm that was increasingly mesmerizing the longer one looked at her. 
Desmond and the managers from the Yarwood Group stood nearby, momentarily unable to recognize Marie, the woman rumored to have lost her mind. They were all struck by her natural and delicate charm. 
It could be said that Marie’s current image was highly
###chapter1187
Chapter 1187 Business Negotiations 
As a son, Albert quickly noticed the men’s gazes. He furrowed hist 
brows and looked at Desmond. 
He spoke coldly with a clear warning in his tone, “Mr. Clarke, are you 
not taking Mr. Yarwood aside to discuss the company’s 
development? Why are you just standing around?” 
Wynter’s gaze also followed, her dark eyes intimidating. 
Desmond snapped out of his thoughts and was just about to say 
something when Dalton spoke up, “Take everyone and leave.” 
Desmond had come here with collaboration projects from other 
companies. How was he supposed to leave just like that? He knew 
that Daryl, who had previously been arrogant, had offended Dalton. 
However, Daryl had taken the initiative to seek Desmond out. The 
message was clear. He had hoped Desmond could persuade Dalton. 
Desmond didn’t dare to persuade Dalton, but mentioning it should be 
fine. After all, the other party had offered them substantial 
concessions. 
Moreover, offending the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce 
wouldn’t fare well for their business, either.. 
As the person in charge in Hawford, Desmond certainly didn’t want to 
make enemies. But now that Dalton had ordered him to take everyone 
and leave, he didn’t know how to proceed with mending the previous 
collaboration. 
A cold glint appeared in Dalton’s eyes when he saw that Desmond hadn’t moved. “I’ll say it one more time. Take everyone and leave.” 
This sent a shiver down Desmond’s back. He immediately sprang to 
action and said to Wynter and Marie, “I’ll take my leave now and not 
disturb you any further, Ms. Quinnell and Mrs. Quinnell.” 
Marie nodded her head. 
Wynter suddenly thought of something and spoke up, “Wait.” 
Upon hearing that, Desmond found himself in a dilemma. He wasn’t 
sure whether to leave or stay. 
Wynter didn’t want to put him in a difficult position. “We should take 
Mr. Clarke’s car back to the hotel since the car is already arranged. I 
happen to have time to discuss matters with Mr. Clarke.” 
Dalton glanced sideways at Wynter, and they looked at each other. 
Dalton didn’t insist. “Let’s go. We can discuss the matters in the car. 
As for everyone else, tell them to leave.” 
Desmond didn’t dare to harbor any selfish motives again. 
They took two cars. Albert and Marie took the one at the front, while Wynter and Dalton took the one at the back. 
Besides the driver, Desmond was also in the same car as Wynter and 
Dalton. 
He had no idea what Wynter wanted to discuss with him. His mind was now preoccupied with thoughts of what Dalton was thinking and whether he would get fired or not. 
“Mr. Clarke, you seem nervous.” Wynter smirked after observing him for a while. “Are you afraid of Mr. Yarwood? What did you want to 
discuss with him just now?” 
Desmond wanted to brush it off and say he hadn’t planned to discuss anything at all. 
But Dalton, who was in the backseat, spoke up before him, “He wanted to talk about the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce and the collaboration with the Clinton family.” 
Desmond’s face turned pale as he met Dalton’s intense gaze through the rearview mirror. He suddenly felt a wave of apprehension. 
If Wynter hadn’t stopped him earlier, and if Dalton had already known what he had wanted to discuss, he might have really jeopardized his job. 
Desmond hastily wiped his sweat and wanted to explain. 
Just then, Wynter seemed to laugh even more boldly. “The Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce? How coincidental! I sought out Mr. Clarke for the same reason. 
“So, Mr. Clarke, there’s no need to worry about me. Just report your work as usual. I’m quite interested.” 
Wynter rested her chin on her hand, looking genuinely intrigued. 
Desmond thought to himself that he would be done for if he actually started talking about it. 
“Mr. Clarke?” Wynter raised an eyebrow. “What’s wrong? Is there something you find inconvenient to say in front of me?” 
His Negotiations 
Desmond wiped his sweat. “It’s not that it’s inconvenient. I…” 
###chapter1188
Chapter 1188 Not as Innocent as She Seems 
Desmond instinctively glanced toward Dalton, who sat in the back 
seat of the car, maintaining his usual poised demeanor as if he were posing for a business magazine. 
He set down the water in his hands and said nonchalantly, “Just answer her questions.” 
Desmond was taken aback. He hadn’t expected that Dalton would allow Wynter to know about company matters. It seemed the rumors were completely unreliable. 
The rumors suggested that Dalton had only approached Wynter due to their previous marriage arrangement. Otherwise, Dalton wouldn’t have withdrawn from the engagement then. 
Now, it seemed that those rumors were completely groundless. 
Not only did Dalton accompany Wynter to Hawford, but it was also highly possible that he severed ties with the Clinton family during the conference for Wynter’s sake. 
Dalton was practically legendary when it came to doting his wife. He was only one step away from handing over the company to her for management. 
Was this the rumored wedding gift? There was no way Dalton would marry into another family, right? 
Desmond shook off his inner turmoil and no longer hid anything. He told Wynter about the situation with Daryl and how much the Clinton family desired to become one of the decision–makers in the Southern 
Cascadia Chamber of Commerce. 
He even mentioned the recent changes within the Chamber. 
The Clinton family had been consistently trying to win over major 
aristocratic families. Among them, the most notable was the Wray family. 
They were the first to propose the inclusion of internationalization of the Chamber of Commerce. They strongly supported increasing foreigners‘ and overseas Cascadians‘ participation. 
Initially, the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce flourished precisely because it received substantial help from Cascadians. abroad, which contributed significantly to its current influence. 
This was the fundamental basis for the Wray family’s proposal. Other aristocratic families found it difficult to refute this argument. 
After all, there were indeed many Cascadians overseas and those 
studying abroad who helped out Cascadia during that particular 
period by advocating vocally. Moreover, they donated significant 
sums of money to the country. 
At that time, it was the Quinnell family’s ancestors who were responsible for these matters. Therefore, there was no way to 
overturn these facts. Anyone attempting to do so would be seen as disloyal or untrustworthy. 
However, the current situation could not be compared to the previous 
one. 
Back then, Caleb was willing to risk everything to come back and 
contribute to this land. Nowadays, many people left and never came 
It was as the saying went, “Art knew no borders, but artists did.” 
Any effort you put in for others could turn into a missile aimed at y own head in the future. Moreover, commercial warfare was often fought in the shadows. 
Allowing foreigners to become decision–makers in the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce would be tantamount to handi over all control to others. 
If anything happened, there were potential consequences of losi control in business matters. 
This was something even idiots could understand. The Wray fami couldn’t possibly be unaware, and neither could the other fools. 
Yet, they were using Gordon’s methods to consolidate their own foundation, making it impossible for anyone to say a word. 
Gordon was a wise man, so his original intentions couldn’t have been this. The Wray family must have done this deliberately. They intended to ascend by trampling on Gordon’s legacy. 
Wynter’s eyes darkened upon hearing this. Perhaps she wasn’t aware that Desmond who was speaking was intimidated by her. 
Desmond had previously viewed Wynter as an ignorant socialite who didn’t know much of worldly affairs. 
He thought she was like the others he had seen before. The socialites loved gossiping, shopping, and buying bags. 
Some even expressed interest in getting involved in their own family 
Charter 1169 Not as Innocent as She Seems 
business. However, their pursuits merely served as attempts to prove 
that they had more than just beauty. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter1189
Chapter 1189 The Wray Family’s Conspiracy 
Ultimately, the socialites could also be doing it for fun. 
However, at this moment, Desmond felt overwhelmed by Wynter’s 
presence. 
Her face was still as beautiful as ever, but her eyes were cold. The tear mole at the corner of her eyes gleamed with a chilling light when she looked at someone. It was as if she could see through everyone’s thoughts in an instant. 
Desmond genuinely felt fear from the depths of his heart. It was the first time he had ever felt this way. 
Even Yvette, who had been the talk of the town in Hawford for the past two days with her fortune–telling abilities, hadn’t made him feel this way. 
He suddenly recalled a rumor from Kingbourne he had heard 
previously. It was regarding the recent nationwide sensation of the Welcoming the Heroic Spirit Home” case. 
The rumor suggested that the person who had uncovered the 
suspicious activities at the chapel was not some special task force. but Wynter. 
Due to Wynter’s discreet and sudden action, the locals and those. associated with the chapel didn’t have time to react and were all imprisoned. 
Otherwise, it would have been difficult to uncover the heroic spirits suppression, given the complex relationships involved. 
No one had believed such rumors. It would have been more credible if 
Wynter had provided evidence or stumbled upon something and 
reported it. 
But saying she single–handedly took down an entire chapel sounded. 
absurd. Not even Fabian could have accomplished that. 
It had to be something orchestrated from the top. How was it 
possible for Wynter to single–handedly achieve that? 
But now, Desmond was reconsidering his previous stance. Could the rumors actually be true? 
“So…” Wynter spoke and interrupted his thoughts. She tapped her 
cheek rhythmically with her fingers. “The Wray family has now tied their interests with the Clinton family. 
“Then they certainly wouldn’t welcome the Quinnells back. After all, my great–great–grandpa founded the Southern Cascadia Chamber of 
Commerce.” 
She asked bluntly, “What tricks has the 
as far as you know?” 
Wray family used against me, 
Desmond hadn’t expected such bluntness from Wynter. It made him. 
hesitate. “Alliances are common in business. The Wray family isn’t 
supported solely by the Clinton family.” 
He quickly continued as he feared Dalton’s displeasure, “The Wray family has maintained close ties with the Whitman family for years. Mrs. Quinnell and Lynette Wray from the Wray family are still best 
friends. 
“The Wray family’s proposal is to act as mediators between the 
mens and Whitmans to resolve old misunderstandings.” 
Wynter chuckled. “The price for this mediation is that the Quinnell family would no longer have a say in the Chamber of Commerce.” 
Desmond’s eyes widened in disbelief. “How did you know?” 
“It’s obvious. The Wray family wants to dominate the Chamber of Commerce. As long as the Quinnell family has a say, the Wrays can never be legitimate.” 
Wynter’s gaze was dark. “It was all fine before I returned. My return disrupted some of their plans.” 
Desmond didn’t hold back any information. “Indeed. After all, there are still many people in the Chamber of Commerce who once followed Mr. Quinnell Senior. 
“His goal was to use wealth to save the nation in times of crises when he first established the Chamber. Although I haven’t reached that level of dedication myself, I’ve heard a lot about Mr. Quinnell Senior. 
“Back then, we were short on money. How could we become strong and victorious when our citizens were starving and unable to eat or dress warmly2” 
Tchapte: 1151 ATITIS AS 
###chapter1190
Chapter 1190 Attacking Allies 
Desmond continued, “Mr. Quinnell Senior raised funds from 
everywhere by leveraging his influence in the international business circle to gather a lot of money and supplies. 
“Many overseas Canadians gave everything they could to the country. It was thanks to them that we had some of our medicines, firearms, and communication radios back then. 
“The members of the Chamber of Commerce at that time had a very pure motive. They just didn’t want Cascadia to fall. 
“That’s how the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce came to be. It served as a contact point that was hidden and not easily suppressed. It had a vast logistics and distribution system. 
“At that time, there was no such thing as express delivery. Instead, there were courier agencies. It was due to these courier agencies that critical supplies could help Cascadia reach their destinations. 
“The Chamber was able to function thanks to the significant support from overseas Cascadians. Therefore, among the four main decision- 
makers, two were overseas Cascadians, and two were Hawford 
businessmen. 
“Mr. Quinnell Senior had the deciding vote if there were 
disagreements. Now, after so many years, the business world has 
changed rapidly. The original Hawford businessmen’s descendants 
have mostly gone overseas. 
“Besides the overseas Cascadians, many foreign families are 
involved. For instance, the Darnell family. Unlike the Clinton family, the Darnells have already become one of the four main decision- makers. 
“Additionally, the Wray, Winston, and Hudson families each have 
different stances. It’s very likely that the Hudsons will no longer be a decision–making member this time. 
“The Hudson family’s business has stagnated for many years, with some companies declaring bankruptcy. They also hesitated when transitioning from state–owned to private enterprises. 
“As it stands, the Darnell family is likely to cast their votes for the Clinton family. The Wray family is currently the most successful in the Chamber of Commerce, surpassing even the Whitmans in recent years.” 
Wynter raised her eyes slightly upon hearing this. “Surpassing even the Whitmans? As far as I know, the Wray family wasn’t very prominent before. They rose to power with the Whitmans‘ help. 
“During the year of the economic crisis, they would likely have gone bankrupt if it weren’t for the Whitmans‘ support.” 
Desmond was surprised that Wynter knew about the economic crisis from years ago at her age. 
“Indeed. The stock market was highly volatile at that time. The Wrays had gambled everything in the market, believing they could win it back. 
“They ended up losing a lot of money to foreign investors and would have been finished without the Whitmans‘ help,” Desmond replied. 
Wynter raised her eyebrows. “Did they surpass the Whitmans in just 
ten years?” 
Dalton also looked over upon hearing this. 
Desmond knew he had to explain clearly or he would face serious consequences. Hence, he decided to speak openly. 
The Wray family held absolute authority in the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce. Therefore, it would be wise to not offend them if one wished to succeed in the Hawford market. This was 
because they were backed by numerous other capital interests. 
Nevertheless, Desmond worked for the Yarwood family, and the 
Yarwood family was not under the Southern Cascadia Chamber 
Commerce’s control. 
“The Wray family’s methods weren’t exactly honorable,” Desmond remarked as he reminisced with a hint of regret. 
He continued, “By right, after being saved by the Whitmans, the Wray should know how difficult it is for Cascadian Enterprises to survive especially those facing transformation. 
“They should have helped when they could. But instead of helping, the Wrays pushed others down and became the driving force behind many failures.” 
Wynter replied calmly, “I think they did more than push them into failure. They must have swallowed up quite a few companies to go from being a small enterprise to rivaling the Whitmans in such a short time. 
“The Wrays‘ ultimate goal for being the driving forces for their failures was to acquire them at a low cost.” 
###chapter1191
Chapter 1191 The Unspoken Rule 
Wynter had used the same strategy on Ewan before. She had 
reclaimed the Yates group and restored it to Margaret’s name. The Wray family’s methods were indeed similar to hers. 
The difference was that Wynter was merely reclaiming what rightfully 
belonged to Margaret, whereas the Wrays‘ approach could drive people to ruin. 
It wasn’t just one business, but many Cascadian businesses had 
been eliminated this way. 
Wynter seemed to have thought of something. “Did the Wray family. 
play a part in the Hudson family’s decline?” 
People in their circle had speculated about this before, but no one dared to voice it aloud. Judging by Desmond’s expression, Wynter had guessed correctly. 
“The Wray family has indeed done a lot to become one of the decision -making members. Ms. Quinnell, you must be very careful now that you’re in Hawford. 
“This time, the Wray family will undoubtedly do everything they can to prevent you from rejoining the Chamber of Commerce. 
“It’s not that the Wray family is particularly formidable, but they have a lot of capital backing them. Their leverage lies in the relationship. between the Whitmans and the Quinnells.” 
The business car arrived at the pre–arranged hotel as Desmond finished speaking. 
Wynter played around with the purple sugilite pendant in her hand with a nonchalant expression. “Thank you for the reminder, Mr. Clarke. I’ll make sure to have fun with the Wray family.” 
Desmond was stunned at Wynter’s words. Did she understand his words and analysis? How could she say she would have fun with the Wray family when things were already this dire? 
The car’s automatic door opened. Wynter slightly curved her lips and picked up her black bag before exiting coolly. 
Desmond wanted to say more, but Dalton, who had been silent the whole time, closed the finance magazine in his hand. “Go handle all the company–related business. Cut off anything related to the Wray family.” 
Desmond’s face twisted with concern. “Mr. Yarwood, while the Wray family may not be honorable, their business tactics and connections are formidable. We’ve already offended the Clinton family, so there’s no need to…” 
Before he could finish his sentence, Dalton, who was getting out of the car, glanced back at him. His gaze was filled with indifference. 
Desmond immediately continued, “Mr. Yarwood, I need a reason. You can’t make such a decision just because of the current relationship between the Quinnells and the Wrays.” 
As the branch manager, he couldn’t gamble with the future of all his employees. 
Dalton quickly realized that Desmond was mistaking him for one of those domineering CEOS who sacrificed everything for a relationship. 
“You’re overthinking,” Dalton said calmly. “Look more into the Wray family’s business dealings over the past two years. Some things are common practices, but that doesn’t make them right. 
“The Yarwood group has never had close associations with 
companies that maliciously swallow up Cascasdian enterprises. I shouldn’t need to remind you of this.” 
Dalton stood tall, his eyes glinting as if he had seen through the 
facade. “The intentions behind the forces backing the Wray family are clear. They want to control the entire Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce. 
“This Chamber was originally meant for Cascadian businesses in the southern region of Cascadia. Have you considered the consequences if it becomes a battleground for overseas capital? 
“Commercial sanctions, cash flow shortages, and large–scale market share control. They will all be targeting our domestic enterprises.” 
Dalton’s gaze settled on Desmond. “From now on, as the Yarwood Group’s executive director, I refuse any cooperation with the Wray family. Do you have any problems with that?” 
Desmond hadn’t considered it so deeply before. 
After all, staying in a fixed environment for too long led to 
adaptations to certain unspoken rules. The prevailing mindset was that if everyone was doing something, not following suit would mean falling behind. 
###chapter1192
Chapter 1192 Wynter’s Guidance 
However, would it benefit other businesses if families like the Wrays. 
became the most significant decision–makers in the Chamber of 
Commerce? The answer was a definite no. 
Desmond’s expression changed dramatically. He said urgently, “Mr. Yarwood, I will go back to the company right now!” 
As Desmond returned to the car, he hoped fervently that Wynter would be the victor of this tug–of–war even though her words seemed 
somewhat unrealistic. 
The Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce had fallen to such a 
state. It was devoid of the integrity it once had in its early days. 
If the Quinnell family still wielded the absolute influence they once 
did in Hawford, they could certainly reverse the current situation. It 
sounded as if the Quinnells returned for this exact reason. 
Desmond wondered if Wynter really didn’t know about the Wray family’s affairs. After all, this information was buried. If that was the case, how could she possibly stand a chance against the Wrays? 
But Wynter didn’t seem surprised at all when she heard his words. It 
was as if she knew everything. She even pointed out the reasons for 
the Hudson family’s decline. 
Upon further reflection, he realized that Dalton would never explain 
such things to him. It was Wynter who suggested for him to send 
them back to the hotel. She was the one who asked all the questions: 
along the way. 
she seemed to be subtly guiding him. 
didn’t seem ignorar 
Desmond’s pupils flickered as he contemplated. Could Wynter be trying to guide him to ensure he didn’t make misguided decisions? 
After all, it was obvious from Dalton’s words that there was 
something wrong with the Wray family. 
Desmond felt uncertain for a moment. Could a young lady like Wyr really be guiding him? 
Meanwhile, Lynette couldn’t continue to be as high–profile after causing Heather Not’s death. She frowned as she listened to the c from the PR department. 
“Are you saying they issued a formal statement stating that they haven’t accepted our endorsement?” 
“Yes, Ms. Wray.” 
Lynette was getting annoyed and impatient. “We offered so much money. Are they not tempted at all?” 
“I heard that all of Tobias‘ external cooperation is now decided by his mother. I think it was her who rejected our offer.” The PR 
department’s manager was also getting worried. 
After all, it was Lynette who told them firmly to announce the endorsement. 
She had said that the other party wouldn’t have a choice but to accept 
the endorsement even if they didn’t want to. She even said that Marie was her friend and wouldn’t refuse them. 
Now, it had backfired. Many fans thought they were being tricked, and the club’s reputation worsened even further. There were so many hate comments that it was impossible to delete them all. 
Of course, Lynette knew about Tobias‘ situation. She knew that Marie was the one making decisions for him. 
However, she hadn’t expected Marie would actually reject the 
endorsement for Tobias. This outcome was different from what Lynette had predicted. 
Lynette thought to herself while seething in anger that Marie could forget about reconciling with the Whitmans if she refused to 
cooperate with the Wray family. 
“You don’t need me to teach you how to shut the people online up, right?” Lynette’s gaze fell on her phone screen. 
She added, “There’s already a ready–made sensational topic for us. She was just a female college student resorting to any means to climb the social ladder, starting with plastic surgery.” 
By focusing on the female college student’s character, public opinion would naturally lean in their favor. 
“Didn’t the Winstons bring a fortune teller with them? Go ask for her 
opinion.” 
Yvette was still in the Tranquil Manor, the Wray family’s villa, when she received the news. With Angelica’s connections, she had already become a respected medium in Hawford. 
###chapter1193
Chapter 1193 To Have Everything Go One’s Way 
In order to demonstrate her abilities, Yvette had been busy these past 
two days. She knew that the big shots in Hawford had been observing 
her, assessing if she was trustworthy. 
Yvette had racked her brains over this. Simply relying on the Arcane 
Way wasn’t enough anymore. In the capital circle, profit was 
paramount. 
Yvette reflected on her past life when housing prices soared and the 
stock market experienced a period of significant gains. Instantly, she 
had an idea in mind. 
She pretended to be profound and inscrutable as she said, “Everyone. 
needs a house. People’s conditions will only get better in the future. 
“More and more people will move from rural areas to cities. The land 
in the west of Hawford is precious. It has fortune that allows for financial growth. 
“The gold and pharmaceutical sectors will also follow the uptrend. I 
emphasized developing in these two directions when I advised Mr. 
Wray.” 
Given the current situation, property prices were indeed booming. Yvette didn’t believe she could influence things seven or eight years 
from now. However, she urgently needed to prove herself right now. 
She remembered that this was the year of a bull market. Although she may have forgotten the specifics, getting in early was sure to make 
money. 
It was because of this analysis that some of the people in the Wray family who were responsible for venture capital development thought 
she had some real skills. 
How could someone outside the profession analyze stock market fluctuations otherwise? 
They also believed that the land on the west side of Hawford was about to see a peak in property prices. 
This was not the first occasion when Yvette had gained recognition. by relying on her memories from before her rebirth. 
The more people Yvette met, the more she felt she should have come to Hawford sooner to prove herself. Only here could she truly unleash her potential and achieve her worth. 
The ladies in Hawford didn’t believe in Yvette initially. However, in just three days, she had indeed helped them earn money. 
Thanks to Yvette, they managed to earn money not because they were someone else’s wife, but because of their own abilities. 
In a place like Hawford, there were highly educated investment talents everywhere. For them to stand out among this crowd brought them recognition. 
Who wouldn’t love to realize their own self–worth? As a result, these ladies grew closer to Yvette and started placing sincere trust in her advice. 
Lynette had sent someone to inquire with Yvette mainly to seek 
reassurance and wanted to know if there were any ways to mitigate risks. 
However, Yvette wasn’t adept at fortune–telling. Even with that book, she couldn’t predict how things would turn out for Lynette. 
Yvette hadn’t seen any news about Lynette in her past life. But from what she knew, cosmetic clubs weren’t likely to go bankrupt. No. matter how bad the future economy was, the beauty industry wouldn’t decline. 
Cosmetic procedures were becoming more sophisticated. Botox was just the simplest procedure of all. 
There were also anti–aging treatments such as ultrasound and 
Thermage. In addition, whole–body slimming and liposuction were the most profitable. 
Plastic surgeries could be addictive for women. After their initial procedure, they often went for a second, then a third, and so on. 
These were driven by ongoing dissatisfaction with certain aspects of their appearance. 
This cycle of dissatisfaction also meant additional expenses for subsequent corrections. 
Yvette couldn’t imagine anything that could threaten Lynette’s club. After all, it was a place sought after by Hawford socialites and some influencers. 
Hence, she confidently told the other party, “Tell Ms. Wray to handle it boldly. There won’t be any downsides.” 
###chapter1194
Chapter 1194 Following Her Heart 
Lynette shared the same thoughts. Now that the Wray family seized control of the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce, they had free rein in Hawford. 
No companies dared to offend them–even the death of the poor wouldn’t pose a threat to their authority. Besides, Lynette had absolutely no involvement in the girl’s death. 
She instructed, “They can blame it on their own greediness. Nothing comes for free in this world. Did she truly expect to get a full makeover at such a cheap price? 
“Ignore the parents‘ complaints. We’ve provided an informed consent form before the surgery. 
“She’s not illiterate; she should’ve read through the terms before 
signing. Tell the lawyer to emphasize this point. There’s no one else to blame when she was the one signing the form. 
“If the parents come pestering again, just tell them that their daughter was the cause of her own tragedy. 
“Because of her poor education, she failed to understand the terms and walked to her own demise. Not to mention her death has tarnished the club’s reputation. 
“We’ve done our part in this case. But if the parents remain dissatisfied, we’ll have no choice but to take this to court.” 
Before Lynette returned to her beauty sleep, she added with a scoff, If they’re not familiar with the internet, show them the criticisms there about their daughter. That ought to clear their eyes a little. 
“That girl will always be trapped in poverty, yet she thought to change her fate with cosmetic surgery. Who does she think she is?” 
Yvette couldn’t help feeling a sense of familiarity with Lynette upon their initial encounter, though she couldn’t quite place the feeling. 
However, Lynette was widely known for her obsession with cosmetic surgeries. Inevitably, there were moments when she bore a resemblance to others. 
After all, beautiful women often shared–striking features. 
More importantly, Lynette appeared noticeably younger and prettier with her smooth and radiant skin. 
Though her secrets remained unknown, many girls were drawn by the results and sought to join the club for the same beauty. 
Meanwhile, Wynter and Dalton were at Harmony Hotel. Located within the Golden Triangle area of Hawford, the waterfront hotel boasted a long history and stood as one of the famous landmarks. 
The exotic architecture blended perfectly with a majestic design, highlighted by the symbolic doves engraved in the hall. 
Stories told that during the special period, one’s safety would be guaranteed upon stepping into the hotel–no matter of their sins. 
Neither the authorities nor the underworld would dare to trouble you within those walls. 
That was the reason tourists could still be spotted outside the hotel snapping pictures even at night. But what took Wynter by surprise the most was an invitation from the Wray family. 
“According to Mr. Clarke, the Wray family shouldn’t be anticipating the Quinnells‘ return to Hawford, let alone send me an invitation to the meeting,” Wynter mused aloud, picking at the invitation. 
Raising an amused brow, she asked instinctively, “Did the Yarwoods intimidate them?” 
Dalton pushed the fruit platter toward her with a faint smile. “This is the Quinnell family’s birthplace, along with the chamber of commerce. The Yarwoods have no right to interfere.” 
In other words, Dalton feared upsetting Wynter if he encroached on her turf. 
“Then, why would they send me an invitation if they weren’t intimidated by the Yarwoods?” Wynter was puzzled. It was as if she was handed a weapon by her enemy just before entering the battlefield. 
Though Wynter had a plan to show up in the meeting, the invitation came as a fortuitous stroke of timing. Should she accept it? 
Ultimately, Wynter decided to accept the offer. Regardless of the Wray family’s intentions, she wasn’t one to pass up a golden opportunity. 
###chapter1195
Chapter 1195 Investment 
“Forget it. I’ll know what they’re up to once I see them.” Wynter 
hummed and kept the invitation away. 
Just then, her phone started to buzz. Wynter took a glance and saw that her connections from Hawford had sent her a message on the 
dark web. She swiftly tapped on her phone and listened to the voicemail. 
“Boss, Larry said you’ve arrived at Hawford! Is there anything your need? But why have you suddenly decided to visit? 
“I thought you were taking a break from venture capital to focus on your exams and spend time with your family this year. 
“Could it be that you’ve noticed that the market trend is bullish? The exchanges are full of green indicators!” Pablo Latham exclaimed excitedly in the voicemail. 
He, along with the others, who had followed and witnessed Wynter’s rise in power shared a silent understanding–they would never reveal her identity in real life. 
Even if they happened to meet her in person, they would remain silent. about her identity. 
After all, Wynter was clearly not your average person–she was an unpredictable genius. 
If Larry hadn’t gone to Southdale, the only person to contact Wynter would have been Welkin Corporation’s chairman. 
collaborator. 
After all, no one was willing to give up on the wealth that was right. within their reach. 
However, the collaborator insisted he sold his stocks. Though Pablo was confused, he followed the instructions since the money 
belonged to his longtime collaborator. 
He couldn’t shake off some regrets, predicting the stocks would only decline after ten days based on major stock indices. 
After Pablo decisively sold all his stocks, he was soon faced with an unexpected turn of events. 
Market volatility was common, and the sudden strike of international upheavals only made it worse. There were even risks of a stock market fall caused by sudden blackouts in stock exchanges. 
As Pablo watched the sinking data in disbelief, he could almost hear the people lamenting their losses. It seemed that many would remain awake throughout the night. 
But it didn’t stop there. Several stocks continued to drop, impacting the market at large. 
Within days, traders were reported to be left with barely one–tenth of their assets. Those who had mocked Pablo now ended up crying in the streets. 
Following that incident, Pablo came to recognize the impressive capabilities of the mysterious collaborator who guided him online. 
While Pablo made a profit of around 200 thousand, he was surprised to learn that his collaborator also merely kept 200 thousand. 
Chapter 1105 The Greate Investor 
The remaining 600 thousand had been donated to the border forces 
and children’s charities. 
In truth, earning a million wasn’t particularly significant in the stock market. However, Pablo was deeply impressed by charitable 
donations. 
Judging by their decisive and composed demeanor, he had assumed that his collaborator was a mature and dignified figure older than himself. 
Pablo couldn’t believe his luck in receiving timely assistance from such a person. Sitting in front of the computer, he expressed his 
sincere apology for mistaking the other as a scammer. 
Just as he spoke of them respectfully, he received their call. 
different majors. Despite Larry’s self–deprecation, Pablo never considered him as a lowly and ignorant villager. 
Larry had commendable qualities. He always paid his employees on time and was never involved in dangerous mining practices. Plus, he frequently donated his profit to his hometown. 
Upon recognizing Pablo’s situation, he requested Wynter to help his friend instead of scorning him. 
Although Pablo had encountered his fellow alumnus, they all 
regarded him cautiously as if he were a dangerous beast. 
Obviously, they feared he might ask for money. Plus, those who used to flatter him decisively abandoned him. 
Yet, Larry remained unchanged. When Pablo was rich, Larry never 
took advantage of him and treated him the same. 
Following that night, Pablo was a changed man. He occasionally met. up with his old friends. Though they all came from different backgrounds and industries, they shared the same sentiment. 
Despite Wynter having lost contact with them, they anticipated her 
return. 
Upon learning of Wynter’s arrival in Hawford, Pablo was thrilled. ” Where are you right now, Boss? I’ll come meet you!” 
Years had passed, but Pablo felt as though he had returned to that fateful day. He might have aged, but his passion remained 
undiminished! 
Wynter couldn’t help feeling sentimental over his enthusiastic voice. She zipped up her bag with a soft chuckle. “You’re well–informed. But 
what are you thinking, leaving the company just to meet me?” 
“Well, I can always leave it to the vice president. Besides, you know prefer stocks over business. Or will I be a bother, Boss?” Pablo 
sounded concerned. 
“Not really. I came to Hawford for business, Wynter replied. 
As she was talking on the phone, Dalton suddenly whispered beside her, “I’ve ordered steak for you. Would you prefer to dine in the 
restaurant or have it delivered to the room?” 
Pablo was taken aback by the masculine voice and asked, “Boss, is that…” 
*He’s my fiancé. Didn’t Larry tell you I’m engaged?‘ Wynter answered truthfully. 
###chapter1196
Chapter 1196 The Greatest Investor 
Pablo remained disinterested. At that moment, a notification from the bank informed him that 50 thousand had been deposited into his account. Simultaneously, he received another message. 
“Here’s my investment. You can collect profits based on market price after deductions, with additional commissions possible. All I ask is that you heed my words and open an account,” the mysterious sender 
texted. 
Staring at the money in his account, Pablo decided to take his chances. He patiently monitored the stocks for several days, acting. only when they had risen as the sender speculated. 
Even now, Pablo could remember the thrill of those moments. 
Day after day, he sat in front of the computer and watched the green. indices rise. He witnessed the money steadily grow from 500 
thousand to a million. 
Pablo was deeply impressed. Stock investments typically involved. 
losses, yet he only witnessed a continuous surge. Anyone would’ve 
been delusional by such extraordinary luck. 
Just as Pablo could hardly control his impulse, he received a message telling him to sell his stocks. 
“I don’t believe that’s a wise choice. The stock indices in the overseas. 
market have yet to reach their highest point. I say we wait for a little 
longer.” 
Pablo believed in his own judgment and gave an analysis to his 
collaborator. 
After all, no one was willing to give up on the wealth that was right within their reach. 
However, the collaborator insisted he sold his stocks. Though Pablo was confused, he followed the instructions since the money 
belonged to his longtime collaborator. 
He couldn’t shake off some regrets, predicting the stocks would only decline after ten days based on major stock indices. 
After Pablo decisively sold all his stocks, he was soon faced with ant unexpected turn of events.. 
Market volatility was common, and the sudden strike of international 
upheavals only made it worse. There were even risks of a stock. market fall caused by sudden blackouts in stock exchanges. 
As Pablo watched the sinking data in disbelief, he could almost hear 
the people lamenting their losses. It seemed that many would remain 
awake throughout the night. 
But it didn’t stop there. Several stocks continued to drop, impacting. the market at large.. 
Within days, traders were reported to be left with barely one–tenth of 
their assets. Those who had mocked Pablo now ended up crying in 
the streets. 
Following that incident, Pablo came to recognize the impressive. 
capabilities of the mysterious collaborator who guided him online. 
While Pablo made a profit of around 200 thousand, he was surprised to learn that his collaborator also merely kept 200 thousand. 
Chapter 1196 The Greatest Investor 
3/3 
The remaining 600 thousand had been donated to the border forces. 
and children’s charities. 
In truth, earning a million wasn’t particularly significant in the stock market. However, Pablo was deeply impressed by charitable 
donations. 
Judging by their decisive and composed demeanor, he had assumed that his collaborator was a mature and dignified figure older than himself. 
Pablo couldn’t believe his luck in receiving timely assistance from such a person. Sitting in front of the computer, he expressed his sincere apology for mistaking the other as a scammer. 
Just as he spoke of them respectfully, he received their call. 
###chapter1197
Chapter 1197 My Fiancé 
“Don’t call me ‘sir.‘ I’m a woman,” came a languid voice tinged with youthfulness. Pablo was utterly dumbfounded, wondering if the other 
person on the other end had even reached adolescence. 
Indeed, Wynter was still young and busy with her homework. Having 
recouped their capital, she entrusted Pablo to handle the future 
investments on his own. 
Pablo sat stupefied in his seat. He never imagined hearing such words from the one he respected. He had expected a mature and experienced elderly man, only to find a young girl instead. 
In truth, Wynter didn’t reach out to Pablo by chance. “Larry. 
I 
recommended you. After looking at your background, I see his point,” she explained. 
It was only then that Pablo realized Wynter had intended to help him out of his predicament. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have ventured into 
stock investments. 
That said, it was his first time encountering a financial genius. throughout his life as a trader. 
According to Larry, Pablo wasn’t the only one that Wynter had helped. It appeared she would selectively invest in individuals who had retired 
from state–owned enterprises due to market shifts. 
“Look at me. I’m just a humble villager who only knows how to mine. 
coal, yet Boss still offers her help,” Larry once remarked with a grin. 
Larry and Pablo had attended the same school, though they pursued 
different majors. Despite Larry’s self–deprecation, Pablo never 
considered him as a lowly and ignorant villager. 
Larry had commendable qualities. He always paid his employees on time and was never involved in dangerous mining practices. Plus, he frequently donated his profit to his hometown. 
Upon recognizing Pablo’s situation, he requested Wynter to help his friend instead of scorning him. 
Although Pablo had encountered his fellow alumnus, they all 
regarded him cautiously as if he were a dangerous beast. 
Obviously, they feared he might ask for money. Plus, those who used 
to flatter him decisively abandoned him. 
Yet, Larry remained unchanged. When Pablo was rich, Larry never 
took advantage of him and treated him the same. 
Following that night, Pablo was a changed man. He occasionally met up with his old friends. Though they all came from different. 
backgrounds and industries, they shared the same sentiment. 
Despite Wynter having lost contact with them, they anticipated her 
return. 
Upon learning of Wynter’s arrival in Hawford, Pablo was thrilled. 
Where are you right now, Boss? I’ll come meet you!” 
Years had passed, but Pablo felt as though he had returned to that fateful day. He might have aged, but his passion remained 
undiminished! 
Wynter couldn’t help feeling sentimental over his enthusiastic voice. She zipped up her bag with a soft chuckle. “You’re well–informed. But 
Chapter 1197 My Fiancé 
what are you thinking, leaving the company just to meet me?” 
“Well, I can always leave it to the vice president. Besides, you know I 
prefer stocks over business. Or will I be a bother, Boss?” Pablo 
sounded concerned. 
“Not really. I came to Hawford for business,” Wynter replied. 
As she was talking on the phone, Dalton suddenly whispered beside her, “I’ve ordered steak for you. Would you prefer to dine in the restaurant or have it delivered to the room?” 
Pablo was taken aback by the masculine voice and asked, “Boss, is that…‘ 
“He’s my fiancé. Didn’t Larry tell you I’m engaged?” Wynter answered truthfully. 
###chapter1198
Chapter 1198 Fabian’s Regret 
Wynter found it strange that Larry kept her engagement a secret. She had expected him to share the news excitedly. 
Pablo was stunned. “But weren’t you supposed to be in college, Boss? 
“I repeated a grade and only started college this year. Besides, age doesn’t have anything to do with my bethroral. We’ve been engaged since we were kids,” Wynter replied nonchalantly. 
Pablo was curious to know the man that caught Wynter’s attention. Judging by the voice, he assumed the fiancé came from the northern 
region. 
He also noted a faint cough over the phone. While Wynter’s fiancé seemed considerate, Pablo couldn’t help but worry for his health. 
Wynter realized Pablo had yet to learn that she was the Quinnell family’s daughter. However, she understood it was an oath of secrecy 
that Larry and his friends had taken. 
“That reminds me. I need your help, Pablo. I recall you hold 
considerable influence within the Southern Cascadia Chamber of 
Commerce. 
“Are you perhaps familiar with the Wray family?” Wynter asked upon 
recalling the invitation she received. 
“Of course. Are you thinking of joining the chamber of commerce, 
Boss?” Pablo replied eagerly, feeling happy to be of assistance. 
Wynter smirked. “Indeed. To be exact, I’m more interested in the Wray 
family.” 
Pablo’s tone instantly turned serious. “The Wrays aren’t exceptional characters but are sharp in business. They’ve been hoping for a collaboration, but I turned them down. What do you need to know 
about them, Boss?” 
“Tell me everything about the Wray family. And can you tell me about Cleo Sinclair in Hawford? What about Clyde Winston? Have you heard anything about his whereabouts?” Wynter fired off her questions. 
Despite having conducted an online investigation, she believed it wasn’t enough. 
Wynter had journeyed to Hawford to retrieve an item left by Gordon. However, she discovered layers of secrets as she delved deeper into 
her investigation. 
It was as if an unseen force was orchestrating a sinister conspiracy. On top of that, they had been stalked since arriving in Hawford. 
As the Special Unit’s leader, Wynter quickly identified the stalkers with her sharp counter–surveillance skills. Instead of confronting them, she chose to ignore them as she hoped to uncover their intentions. 
Based on the clue Gordon had left on the newspaper, Wynter deduced that the item was hidden in the Quinnell residence in Hawford. 
As she was conspicuous, she instructed Bryce to head to the Quinnell residence instead. No one would care to notice a butler anyway. 
Wynter didn’t reveal her search to anyone. She instructed Bryce to observe the residence for anything unusual and look into the 
remaining individuals Gordon had brought with him. 
She also tasked Bryce with identifying those who remembered Gordon’s kindness. 
Only after obtaining the necessary information could Wynter proceed with her plan. 
Meanwhile, Warren was reporting to Fabian in the Quinnell family’s memorial hall in Kingborne. 
“It seems Ms. Wynter and her companions have safely arrived in Hawford. She has instructed Bryce to head to the residence there. 
“As expected of Ms. Wynter, she has cleverly understood my intentions. When do you think we should initiate the preparations, sir? 
Warren questioned. 
Fabian sighed wearily. “The time will come. There’s no need to hurry. I have faith in Wynter’s capabilities. While I’m unconcerned with other matters, I’m troubled by the Whitmans. We need to know the cause of 
their resentment. 
“I sense there’s more than just the issue with Madam Morrow. Now 
that Sevie has gone to see them, I hope we can mend the rift that has lasted for so long, even if it requires my personal apology.” 
###chapter1199
Chapter 1199 The Wray Family 
Fabian had been consumed by guilt over Shane’s misdeeds. 
Understanding his distress, Warren shifted the conversation and mentioned Tobias‘ endorsement. 
He added, “Ms. Marie has made a brilliant and flawless decision. The Wrays might have a hard time stirring conflict. 
“I believe blood is always thicker than water. The Whitmans will come to acknowledge Ms. Marie and Ms. Wynter. 
“Besides, the scions from the Whitmans used to adore Ms. Wynter as well. They’ll surely attempt to reach out to her.” 
Fabian stood with his dragon cane as he looked out of the window. The Wray family has absorbed many companies throughout the years. Some of our partners can hardly survive under their rule. 
“As for the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce… I only hope Sevie perceives my thoughtful intent.” 
Warren comforted him. “Ms. Wynter is a smart girl. I’m sure she’ll understand your ambition. 
“Besides, Mr. Albert willingly suggesting going to Hawford validates your decision. I’m sure none of the ancestors would have wanted to 
see the fall of the Chamber of Commerce.” 
Looking up, Warren continued, “The Quinnell family hasn’t changed. This is something everyone has anticipated, including yourself. 
“And now, our time has come. Entrusting the company to Ms. Wynter 
is just the first step. Hawford presents a more challenging and 
complex environment compared to Kingborne, but that’s not a 
concern. 
“What’s important is ensuring the Chamber of Commerce remains in the Cascadians‘ hands. That is our legacy.” 
As he spoke, Warren cast his eyes downwards. “I’m truly grateful that Ms. Sevie is here. She has fulfilled many of my regrets. She’s a 
remarkable leader, and I believe she’ll let an old man like me reflect on the past with fondness.” 
Indeed, an average business person could never restore the Southern Cascadian Chamber of Commerce to its former glory. 
With how the world had changed, it was difficult to find loyal followers who would adhere to their rigid rules. Warren could only pray for a miracle. 
“In that case, let’s look forward to Wynter making waves in Hawford!” Fabian gazed at Warren with a hearty laugh. 
It seemed the city was in for a sleepless night ahead. 
In contrast to Fabian’s cheerfulness, the Wray family was enveloped 
in glum. Upon learning the Wrays had delivered an invitation to 
Wynter, their allies couldn’t help expressing their confusion. 
Kenton gently blew on his coffee before setting the cup down. “It’s 
not my decision to make. Someone from the Darnell family requested 
it.” 
“Are you talking about that person? Has he returned to Hawford?” 
Someone wore a pale expression at Kenton’s words. 
“What’s with the face, Callum? You had a weird look when you heard 
about him.” Kenton chuckled. 
“That guy really roughed me up back in school,” came the reply. The others instantly burst into laughter. 
“That said, the Darnells rarely involve themselves in official affairs. Why did they decide to step in now?” one questioned curiously. 
Kenton gave a casual shrug. “Who knows? It’s not a big concern, 
anyway. That person has beef with the Quinnells. There’s no way he’ll 
stand by their side. 
“He might have sent the invitation to embarrass them. Moving on, I’ve 
gathered everyone here to hear your thoughts.” 
Kenton gestured to open the box behind him, leaving everyone 
astounded. Though they were no strangers to money, they couldn’t 
help but marvel at the hefty sum. 
“Here’s the deposit. You know we’re currently short a key member. In 
fact, Ms. Clinton has repeatedly expressed her interest in investing in 
the Chamber of Commerce,” Kenton explained. 
###chapter1200
Chapter 1200 Keep an Eye on Her 
Kenton remarked, “Some stubborn traditionalists refused to listen to 
my advice and lectured me instead. I understand we originate from foreign places, but our hearts lie with Cascadia.” 
“Indeed. I even donated to the flood victims last time,” someone 
chimed in. 
“The Clintons have considerable influence at the port. Those idiotic old–timers can oppose them all they want, but they shouldn’t drag the Chamber of Commerce into it,” another huffed. 
Kenton flashed a gentle smile. “That’s what I thought. Therefore, must ensure no mistakes during the voting.” 
we 
“I’m sure you have other plans aside from the voting, don’t you, Mr. Wray? The Hudsons are a good example,” the person beside Kenton added with a knowing wink. 
Kenton merely smiled in response. Though everyone knew the truth behind the Hudson family’s downfall, none spoke of it aloud. 
The Hudsons refused to yield to the Wrays. They insisted that the Quinnell family deserved a seat in the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce, citing Gordon’s foundation. 
Unfortunately, their deep loyalty toward the Quinnells blinded them from recognizing the changing circumstances. 
As the group burst into laughter at the Hudsons‘ decline, someone interjected, “But I’ve heard the girl that the Quinnells recently 
Kingbome have fallen under her thumb 
“Even the Winstons have been robbed of their share of the ple. They have no choice but to seek new opportunities in Hawford. I suggest we keep an eye on her, Mr. Wray.” 
Kenton agreed to the suggestion. “Rest assured, I’ve already had 
someone trailing her. As for the Winstons, they came to Hawford because of Mr. Winston Senior’s declining health. 
“I admit that the Quinnell girl is formidable, but her influence is limited 
to Kingborne. We know what kind of place Hawford is. Even if she 
intends to take action, she’ll need the chance to initiate it.” 
The underlying implications in his words were clear. At that moment, 
everyone had their own axes to grind. 
Kenton suddenly clapped his hands, and the large monitor slid open 
to reveal a hidden area. 
The group observed the scene below in a soundproof space. It 
appeared they were in a famous club, where many young girls had 
gathered. 
“Alright, let’s start the game tonight. Take your pick,” Kenton declared. 
He wasn’t afraid of being discovered as he had covered his tracks 
well. With just a few steps, he could access Lynette’s club and obtain 
the necessary information. Plus, some of his debtors were among the 
people below. 
Though their eyes gleamed with excitement, the group remained calm and composed in their seats. It seemed that it wasn’t their first time 
engaging in such activities. 
Chapter 1200 Keepan Lye on Fer 
“I like the one in the white shirt and braids. She looks so clean and innocent!” a man exclaimed. 
“You sure have a taste, but she’s too young and inexperienced. It might be difficult to cover up,” another advised. 
“There’s nothing to worry about with Mr. Wray here. All they want is money, and I’m willing to pay extra. I’ll have her,” the man insisted gleefully. 
Once everyone had chosen their target, Kenton shot a glance at the bodyguard nearby. 
Little did the guests know that the surveillance cameras in the club could pinpoint their exact locations. The bodyguard gave an instruction through his earpiece, and a handsome man approached the chosen girl. 
“Hello, are you alone? Mind if I buy you a drink?” the man flirted. 
The girl was taken aback by the sudden provocative approach and blushed madly. 
###chapter1201
Chapter 1201 The Impending Danger 
The man casually took a seat by the girl’s side and asked, “Is this your first time here?” 
Flustered, Vanessa Chadwick answered softly, “Yeah, I came with my friends.” 
Despite his instinct to withdraw upon hearing her answer, the man could only obey the orders from his earpiece. “Where are your friends? 
As soon as he asked, a few girls approached them. One of them 
teased, “Oh my god, Vanny! Did you actually hook up with a guy while 
we were in the bathroom?” 
Vanessa’s face flushed redder. “That’s not it. He just thinks I’m bored.” 
Unbeknownst to Vanessa, the man visibly relaxed upon recognizing 
her friends. They secretly exchanged knowing gazes, which Vanessa 
failed to notice. 
The girls surrounded Vanessa and started to persuade her. “Oh, don’t 
turn him down, Vanny! Go on, have a sip. Don’t worry, we’ve got your 
back.” 
The man offered a reassuring smile. “I mean no harm. I just want to 
share a drink with you. If you’re still worried, I’ll take the first sip.” 
Vanessa glanced at the man before turning to her friends, who stared 
at her expectantly. They were kind enough to bring her along, and she didn’t want to dampen the mood by refusing. 
With that, Vanessa picked up the glass and took a sip of the wine. 
“I can’t hold my liquor. That’s as far as I can go,” she explained 
apologetically. 
“It’s fine. Don’t worry about it.” The man gently comforted her instead 
of coaxing her to drink. It was as if he was sincerely hoping to 
befriend her. 
Vanessa studied that man. He had fair skin and dressed in a stylish 
manner, giving her the impression of a rich scion. 
He didn’t strike her as someone deceitful. Besides, her friends were 
around to keep an eye on them. 
Feeling reassured, Vanessa matched the man’s pace and sipped the 
wine. 
The club speakers blared music as neon light flickered. Someone 
decided to serve an expensive champagne of Armand de Brinac, 
drawing the crowd’s attention./ 
Vanessa could feel the place pulsing with thrill and joy. Never in her wildest dreams did she imagine meeting a wealthy and charming man in her life, not to mention he was a gentleman. 
The man softly whispered in her ear and generously paid for her 
drinks. 
However, Vanessa felt light–headed after finishing her wine, as if she were floating in the clouds. She wondered if her low tolerance for 
alcohol was to blame. 
The air was permeated with perfumes and colognes, overlaid with a 
hint of alcohol. Vanessa could vaguely hear her friends murmuring nearby. She shook her head and closed her eyes. 
The man suddenly stood up and seemingly bid Vanessa goodbye. He moved to the other side of the table and continued his drink, acting as though they had only shared a brief conversation. 
At that moment, Vanessa rose from her seat and staggered toward the VIP room. A stylish bed waited inside, positioned to overlook the city light through the windows. 
Vanessa lay on the bed with a flushed face. She could barely feel her body, let alone her consciousness. 
A man in his 50s opened the door, gazing at Vanessa with lust in his eyes. He was always fond of pure and innocent girls like her. 
Back in the meeting room, the bodyguard reported softly beside Kenton, “Everything has been prepared as you ordered, Mr. Wray. The hidden cameras have been installed in the VIP rooms. 
“Should we advise them to exercise some self–control? The authorities have been conducting strict inspections lately.” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter1202
Chapter 1202 Wynter’s Here 
“Indeed. Those old men never stop plotting against me. It’s time they 
learn who’s the boss here,” Kenton murmured and stubbed out his 
cigarette in the ashtray. 
In their circle, having the goods on someone could be as valuable as 
any advantage. 
After a short nap, Kenton prepared to leave for home. 
At that moment, a muffled thump echoed in the night, as if something 
had crashed onto the ground. Some were startled by the noise, while 
others remained oblivious due to the loud music. 
As for Kenton, he dismissed the noise and drowsily got into the car. 
The next morning, Club Solstice was bustling with a crowd. The 
nightclub was known across Hawford for its luxuries, drawing not only regular patrons but also famous influencers. 
It had become an online sensation, with rumors suggesting it was 
exclusive to reservations. 
Despite booking ahead, there was a chance of being denied entry at 
the door. After all, the club was renowned for favoring those with 
attractive appearances. 
If their appearances or figures weren’t up to the nightclub’s standard, 
they were refused entry. 
Some young girls took pride in securing entry to the nightclub. Not 
only could they admire the attractive crowd, but they also had a 
Chapter 1203 Wynters Here 
chance to meet famous influencers and celebrities. 
Plus, the second floor was teemed with wealthy individuals boasting assets worth over 100 million. If they could manage to hook up with a wealthy man, they would be promised a life of ease and luxury! 
However, the once vibrant nightclub was now caught up in an 
accident. The road was packed with police cars, and videos of the 
crime scene quickly went viral online. 
Even those uninterested became aware of the news, let alone a 
passing Wynter. 
When Fabian asserted that she was the root of the conflict, Wynter 
decided to visit the Whitmans for a resolution. 
Given Marie’s illness following the abduction, Wynter doubted that her 
mother had been aware of the feud between the two families. 
Wynter couldn’t help but wonder how a fragment of Marie’s soul ended up in the hotel’s basement. Based on her theory, she 
speculated that the mastermind intended to drive a wedge between 
the Quinnells and Whitmans. 
However, Wynter felt that her postulation was flimsy upon taking 
Declan’s incident into account. 
She doubted they painstakingly formulated a plan just for Declan to seize control of the Quinnell family. It seemed more plausible if they involved the Whitmans in their scheme. 
With her chin propped in her palm, Wynter fell lost in her thoughts while listening to Dalton’s phone conversation. Suddenly, the car 
came to a halt. 
Chapter 1202 Wynter’s Here 
“It seems there’s been an accident up ahead. The entire lane is closed, 
# 
came the driver’s report. 
Benjamin Leigh, the driver, was a local sent by Desmond. 
Peering ahead, Benjamin mused aloud with a thick accent, “How strange. This part of town has never seen such heavy traffic before.” 
Wynter raised a brow as her gaze fell onto the police cars outside. The scene was cordoned off with barricade tapes, with a forensic doctor in attendance. The sight was uncommon for a standard police 
deployment. 
Wynter instantly deduced that a murder had occurred. However, she 
doubted that anyone would risk committing a crime in a place under 
constant surveillance and bustling with crowds. 
Relying on her past experiences, she instinctively lifted her head. 
###chapter1203
Chapter 1203 More Than Meets the Eye 
Frustrated, the drivers started blaring their horns Impatiently. 
Confused, Benjamin attempted to step out to inspect the situation. when he heard Wynter asking him a question. 
“What’s that building?” she asked. 
Despite his irritation with the traffic, Benjamin replied respectfully,” It’s the Hawford Financial Center, Ms. Quinnell. 
“You might not be familiar since it’s your first time in the city, but that place houses numerous finance companies worth over 100 million. See that building across? That’s Hawford’s famous stock exchange.” 
Wynter closed her eyes, seemingly deep in thought. A three- 
dimensional layout of the crime scene and its surrounding buildings. materialized in her mind. When she opened her eyes once more, she noticed the car had slightly moved. 
Wynter shifted her gaze and questioned, “What about that majestic building?” 
“Oh, that? That nightclub has been the youngsters‘ favorite! It’s been all the rage for the past two years. 
“You should’ve seen the crowd flocking in. My daughter wanted to check it out and asked for my money, but I refused. 
“Call me conservative, but I don’t think young girls should visit such places often. If you’re interested, you can ask Mr. Yarwood to 
accompany you. Just don’t go alone as it’s dangerous,” Benjamin advised. 
Chapter 1200 More Than Meels the Eye 
23 
Wynter chuckled in response. “I’ve been there a few times. It’s quite decent under normal circumstances.” 
As soon as she spoke, Dalton seemingly finished his conversation 
and removed his Bluetooth earbud. He looked at her, his face 
charming and elegant, and asked, “You’ve been there a few times?” 
When Wynter affirmed, Dalton didn’t seem bothered. Instead, he 
teased, “To think you’ve even gone to such places. Your business 
interests truly span various industries. Have you also paid for the 
male escorts then, Dr. Genius?” 
Wynter answered truthfully, “It’s something you have to experience at least once. It’s one of the privileges of being a wealthy woman.” 
“Oh? You sound quite used to this,” Dalton hummed as he caressed 
his scarlet rosary bracelet. Though his face was as handsome as ever, his eyes remained cold. 
It seemed that Wynter’s interests never changed. Perhaps, he should praise her for her commitment. 
Sensing the awkward tension within the car; Benjamin quickly gave a soft cough. 
He shot a glance at Wynter through the rearview mirror, signaling her to show some restraints. After all, it didn’t seem appropriate to 
discuss male escorts in front of her fiancé. 
Unfortunately, Wynter failed to recognize his cues and posed another 
question instead. “Mr. Leigh, you mentioned your daughter is 
interested in that nightclub. What makes it so special?” 
“Can’t say I understand what the youngsters find appealing. However, 
this place does offer a sensation of luxury and extravagance. 
“It might look nothing out of the ordinary right now, but when night falls, this street will be lined with branded sports cars,” Benjamin 
replied while steering the car toward a different path. 
Wynter smirked as she pictured Benjamin’s description. “The owner has a good head for business. It seems they have some powerful backers.” 
“Indeed. Even the Wray family has their stake in it,” Benjamin remarked. 
Hearing that, Wynter gazed out of the window once more and instructed, “Stop the car. Mr. Yarwood and I are going for a walk.” 
Benjamin did as he was told. Once the car pulled over to the roadside, Wynter realized there was more to the crime scene than met the eye. 
###chapter1204
Chapter 1204 Best Friends 
“Make way. Everyone, please make way.” 
The police were doing their best to maintain order at the scene. 
However, the incident had occurred at a well–known location, whic naturally attracted a large crowd of onlookers. The fact that the report was made by several female college students only added to 
the intrigue. 
“What happened?” 
“I’m not sure. I heard someone jump off the building.” 
“Why did they jump?” 
“The final statement is not out yet. The person just got taken away. They probably didn’t make it.” 
Wynter lifted her gaze and looked over amidst the murmurs around 
her. Through the crowd, she saw several girls crying as Joanne Grande, a policewoman, comforted them. 
“Don’t be afraid. We’ll get to the bottom of this.” 
The eyes of one of the girls were red from crying. “Officer, we never 
expected this to happen in such a short time. She drank too much. 
last night. We were just out to have fun together.” 
The girls seemed distraught. Joanne knew that no one could remain 
calm in situations like this. 
“Do you have the contacts of the victim’s family? We need to get in 
23 
touch with them.” 
The girls shook their heads upon hearing this. 
“Vanny rarely mentioned her family. She didn’t seem very close to her parents.” 
“Yeah. All I know is that she said she was from the north of Cascadia, and her parents were farmers. She envied the lifestyles we have here.” 
“If we had known this would happen, we wouldn’t have brought Vanny along. It was her birthday yesterday. She said she’d never been to a bar before and wanted us to show her.“. 
“She also said that her life at home was tough, and she just wanted to have some fun and ideally meet some scions along the way. Of course, she might have been joking. We often joke like that. 
“But we thought we might as well fulfill her wish on her birthday since we’d all be graduating soon and wouldn’t see each other much anymore.” 
The girls spoke sincerely, and it did sound like something close friends often said to each other. After all, there were jokes going around online that real besties would get male escorts for each other. 
Joanne wasn’t quite sure how to respond. The girls in front of her were still students. She wanted to remind them to avoid such places in the future, but bars and nightclubs had become so mainstream. 
Furthermore, since they weren’t minors, she had no way to interfere. They might even think that she was just old–fashioned if she were to lecture them. 
“I smoke, drink, and go to nightclubs. But that doesn’t stop me from 
3/3 
Chapter 1204 Best Friends 
being a good lady.” Everyone had seen this saying before. There was no way to argue against it. 
Joanne opened her mouth before hesitating. Instead, she started to 
write down parts of the statement and notified her colleagues to contact Vanessa’s family as soon as possible. 
The interaction was observed by Wynter. Her gaze fixed on the girls‘ faces and never wavered. Every word they said was true. But when pieced together, Wynter felt an inexplicable sense of discord. 
What exactly was it? Their expressions revealed nothing. Yet, something about it made Wynter uneasy. 
Ah, that was it. It was condescending. 
True friends wouldn’t belittle each other. Yet, these girls had subtly implied several things. 
Firstly, it was that Vanessa had a poor relationship with her family and looked down on them for being poor farmers. The second was that she wanted to come to the bar to find a wealthy and attractive man out of vanity. 
They were intentionally belittling Vanessa! 
###chapter1205
Chapter 1205 Not Guilty 
“We’ve already notified the victim’s family. They should be here soon. You girls have to wait a bit longer since you were the ones who 
reported the incident,” Joanne said as she moved aside, eager to gather more information. 
Wynter’s gaze darkened, but she didn’t leave her spot. She was more interested in these girls than the crime scene itself. 
The police would soon be able to determine the cause of death. The initial assessment suggested suicide. Given the way Vanessa fell, they could quickly trace it back by checking the floors above. 
That was indeed the case. The bar manager looked troubled as he stood there. 
“Honestly, we get thousands of customers every day. There’s no way to keep track of a drunk girl’s whereabouts. We can’t control where people go or who they go home with, right? 
“You have no idea. Sometimes people at bars get drunk, hit it off, and hook up just like that. We can’t just stop that from happening. 
“Also, nobody knows why she went up to that floor. Now there’s all this talk online about our bar being unsafe. We really hope the truth comes out soon.” 
The scene remained chaotic. Onlookers continued to gather in large numbers. Trying to maintain order in such a busy city center proving to be extremely difficult. 
was 
Vanessa’s body was still covered with a white cloth and had not been 
taken away yet. Experts had doubts about the cause of death, and the police were still searching for clues. 
Wynter wasn’t the type to meddle in others‘ business. With the police. involved, it was only a matter of time before the case was solved. 
However, this building gave her an unsettling feeling. It felt like it harbored a long–standing resentment or something else entirely. 
Furthermore, Benjamin mentioned earlier that this was the Wray family’s property. 
Wynter’s gaze returned to the girls‘ faces. They were exchanging subtle glances, and their expressions were hard to read. 
Joanne was too busy and hadn’t noticed this. Her colleague was upstairs reviewing the surveillance footage and would communicate any findings with her. 
Joanne listened intently to the voice in her earpiece before asking, ” Did a male escort buy you girls drinks last night?” 
“Oh, he didn’t buy it for us. It was for Vanny. They were already talking when we came back from the restroom.” 
“Yeah. Vanny thought he was a scion and seemed quite shy about it.” 
Upon hearing this, Joanne held up her phone. “Is it this man?” 
The girls shook their heads. 
Joanne showed them another picture. “What about this?” 
“It’s him.” The girls nodded their heads firmly. 
Suddenly, a soft voice interrupted. 
Chapter 1205 Not Guilty 
“Why did Vanessa think he was a scion, but you didn’t? It seems lik you girls already knew he was a male escort. Do you girls know him? Wynter asked while she wore her work badge. 
Joanne wanted to warn Wynter not to interfere with the police 
investigation. However, upon seeing the emblem on her work badge she suddenly fell silent. 
The girls were momentarily stunned when faced with such a straightforward question. 
Wynter approached the girls. Her stunning beauty along with a strong sense of authority created an overwhelming presence. 
The girls were left flustered, as if Wynter had disrupted the flow of their story. 
But soon, one of the girls spoke up, “We’re different from Vanny. It was her first time at Club Solstice, but we’ve been here several times Sky is the top male escort here. We’ve seen him before.” 
Joanne nodded at Wynter, indicating that the girls weren’t lying. 
However, she was taken aback by the presence of the Special Unit who were typically reserved for inexplicable cases and known for their unpredictable actions. 
###chapter1206
Chapter 1206 Use Money to Settle Problems 
But this case seemed like a suicide on the surface. Was there more 
to it? 
Upon closer consideration, it didn’t make sense. Vanessa was a 
young girl in the prime of her life and was a college student who was about to graduate. 
Why would she jump off a building without a reason? What she experienced before her death was the crux of the case! 
“I apologize. I’ve misunderstood. Wynter quickly adapted and smiled at the girls with a hint of embarrassment. “I’ve just graduated and started working, so I find it unfortunate. It’s hard to believe she would jump off like that “ 
The girls looked at her and thought Wynter wasn’t familiar with her work. They also saw Joanne glancing at her earlier. 
“She’s probably feeling a lot of pressure. We don’t know the specifics But Vanny would sometimes complain that her hometown was too poor, and she didn’t want to go back. 
“However, she also didnt know what she could do in Hawford, either We aren’t sure 
Wynter followed the flow of their conversation. “So, you’re saying that she…” 
“There aren’t things we wanted to bring up because it’s not very flattering. Vanny had some extreme ideas lately because she wanted to stay in Hawford. She was pretty and was hoping she could make 
Hope 302 nd konny to be trans 
use of that to stay.” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “Is that why you girls introduced this work. 
to her?” 
“No, we didn’t. It was her own idea to find someone wealthy, 
preferably a scion. She was fine with them being older too, as long as he treats her well.” 
Rosaria Rowe, one of the girls, took her phone out and showed Wynter some chat records on her phone to convince Wynter. 
In one message, Vanessa had written, “I really envy those women. who marry rich guys and don’t have to work.” 
Joanne was at a loss for words upon seeing the text. 
Wynter’s eyes flickered slightly, but she didn’t speak further. 
While Rosaria was showing her the phone, Wynter inadvertently noticed a notification from a women’s club reminding her of an 
upcoming repayment appointment. 
Rosaria noticed Wynter’s gaze and smiled awkwardly. “I had a nose. job before. I was going to have it adjusted today.” 
She sighed as she spoke, “None of us expected Vanny to do something like this. I’ll cancel my appointment with them first.” 
From a logical standpoint, Vanessa’s death did seem unrelated to them, and they were not prepared for it. If there had been any premeditation, Rosaria wouldn’t have scheduled these cosmetic procedures for today. 
Wynter glanced at Rosaria’s face. She tapped on her phone with her 
3/3 
The Money to Sette Problem 
slender fingers before giving Joanne a meaningful look. 
Joanne nodded slightly and turned back to the girls. “We’ll need your assistance in providing a detailed statement. We have to record 
everything thoroughly.” 
Things were unlikely to settle down quickly after such a chaotic event. 
Meanwhile, a middle–aged man was in a panic in Kenton’s office. He was far removed from the usual composed demeanor he had shown in the news. His tie was askew, and he was sweating profusely. 
“Kenton, what do we do now? You have to help me!” 
“What do we do now? I want to know that, too!” 
Kenton was more frustrated than anyone. The bar was under his name, and several departments were already on his case. 
Fortunately, he was just an investor and had left a subordinate in charge, or Wray Group’s stocks could have been affected. 
“I told people to repeatedly warn you guys not to go overboard. This isn’t overseas! And you! What have you done? You drove someone to their death!” 
Kenton pounded the table in anger. “I’ve said it so many times. When something goes wrong, use money to settle it. Why didn’t you listen?” 
###chapter1207
Chapter 1207 Wynter and the Whitmans Shall Not Meet 
The person who was getting scolded was Diluc Huddleston, a new 
member of the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce. 
He was well–connected in the venture capital circle and had 
previously been recognized as a philanthropic entrepreneur. 
Diluc’s face was pale at this moment. “I told her I’d give her money, but she wouldn’t listen. She kept moving backward. I’m innocent. Why am I so unlucky? Everyone else was fine.” 
He wasn’t the only one who went to the VIP room last night. 
“It’s too late to be saying this now,” Kenton said with experience. “The 
police will eventually find out about you. We need to come up with a 
plan. First of all, you can’t be freaking out like this.” 
Diluc 
was slightly confused. 
Kenton patted his back. “Think about your usual image. It’s not uncommon for young women to be attracted to you. 
“That girl was clearly infatuated with Sky last night. It was caught by 
the surveillance camera. She could have mistaken you for him. 
“Even if she didn’t, she could have just been attracted to you. A one- 
night stand wouldn’t be out of the question.” 
“But how do I explain the fact that she wanted to jump off the building as soon as she woke up?” Diluc wasn’t stupid. He quickly spotted the key issue. 
Kerton narrowed his eyes. “Think carefully. You mentioned earlier that her first reaction wasn’t to call for help when she woke up. She 
didn’t walk forward she backed away. She accidentally fell 
“It was indeed an accident. I even tried to pull her back. The surveillance cameras outside should have captured that.” Diluc remembered vividly that Vanessa fell because she kept walking 
backward. 
Kenton quickly came up with a plan. “Do you remember when your mistress claimed that she was pregnant with your child and tried to 
force you into marriage? 
“When the police question you, stick to the story that she was your extramarital affair. She recognized you last night. Got it? The rest will 
be taken care of 
Diluc’s eyes darkened upon hearing his plan. 1 understand. 
“Alright. Now go. There are no surveillance cameras on this route, so 
it won’t leave any record of you 
‘Have your lawyer voluntarily contact the police and offer to provide information. It’s better if you come forward than be found out. You can deflect suspicion this way” 
Centon continued with a sinister expression, “Besides, her death has lothing to do with you. This could have been easily resolved. Yet, she 
hose to jump ‘ 
hanks to Vanessa, his bar was getting dragged into the mess 
Women who couldn’t handle it but still frequented nightclubs were 
sally troublesome. 
“Don’t worry, I know what to say Diluc’s face showed no tre quilt any longer, only impatience at the trouble, 
He added, “You need to be prepared if you’re going to play clearly someone who couldn’t handle it but didn’t say anything have Mr. Boyd prepare everything” 
Kenton nodded, “The Boyd family doesn’t tolerate idleness. I up information about a girl is simple. Make sure they hurry so i doesn’t affect the upcoming conference. 
“Rest assured. As a member of the Southern Cascadia Cham Commerce, your annual contributions to construction projects no one will make things too difficult for you over a personal m Their eyes met, and it was clear they had formulated a plan. 
As he drove past the bar, Diluc still felt unlucky that this had happened to him. He decided to have Yvette give him a proper reading when he had the time. 
Kenton wouldn’t allow his allies to fall during such a crucial time. T Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce was almost within his grasp. He wouldn’t let a minor issue disrupt his plans. 
“Find out where that girl from the Quinnell family is. By right, she should be figuring out how to reach out to the Whitmans now. Find a way to prevent them from meeting before the conference.” 
###chapter1208
Chapter 1208 Slanderous Attacks on Our Bar 
“Understood,” the bodyguards behind Kenton said before immediately heading downstairs. 
Kenton was still unaware that Wynter had not gone to the Whitmans but had instead already entered Club Solstice. 
Wynter was sitting in the same spot where Vanessa had sat earlier. She looked up, and her eyes reflected a thoughtful change. 
Surveillance cameras were everywhere and unhidden. It was as if the bar didn’t care about them being seen, almost intentionally so. 
Wynter followed her train of thought and continued forward. 
“Hey, you! I’m talking to you. This area is off–limits. How did you get in here?” Jeffrey Griffith, a security guard from the bar, spoke. 
He hadn’t realized that Wynter had connections with the police. He assumed that she was one of those bloggers who snuck in for some online clout. 
Whether she was a blogger or reporter, it was still problematic. Only the police had the right to investigate. Others were not allowed to malign the bar. 
Vanessa jumping off the building had caused a huge commotion. As an employee in the bar, Jeffrey feared that the bar would be shut down. 
The police had already suspended operations for rectification and had told them it would take at least three days before they could 
“Chapte“: 1208 Slanderous Alincks on Dir Bar 
2/4 
reopen. 
Although Vanessa had jumped from the building next door, she had indeed visited Club Solstice before she died. She also appeared to have drunk quite a bit. 
Upon hearing this, Wynter turned her gaze toward Jeffrey. 
Jeffrey was momentarily stunned by her appearance. If she had come to their bar, many scions would surely compete to buy her drinks. 
Behind Wynter stood Dalton, who drew even more attention. His demeanor was cold and noble. He had a pair of deep, inscrutable eyes that gave off an air of superiority. Ordinary people wouldn’t be able to handle him at all. 
Even though they were both men, Jeffrey couldn’t help but gasp. He knew that the wealthy women who frequented the bar were most enamored with men like Dalton. 
If he could get these two to work at the bar for the night scene 
be set for life! 
At that moment, pretty privilege was vividly evident. 
he’d 
Jeffrey’s face shifted from a scowl to a smile. “Hey, what are you two up to? Didn’t you see the security line over there? How did you 
convince them to let you in?” 
Dalton raised an eyebrow and was about to speak when Wynter placed a hand on his wrist and made a shushing gesture with her other hand. “We snuck in because we were curious about the situation.” 
“Young lady, you 
shouldn’t be curious about these things,” Jeffrey 
said while glancing around. “You better leave before they notice you. If you want to come to the bar, you can come back in three days.” 
Upon hearing this, Wynter’s tone became subtly intrigued. “Three days? Can the bar reopen that soon? I heard there was a big incident.” 
“There will always be a higher–up to handle it no matter how big the issue. Besides, everyone entering and exiting the bar here is either rich or well–connected. Honestly, no one would dare cause trouble for 
a girl in front of so many witnesses. 
Jeffrey waved his hand dismissively before continuing. “That girl. 
while pretty, wasn’t notable enough to stand out here. Most who come here are willing participants. They are not forced.” 
Wynter detected a hint of disdain in Jeffrey’s tone toward the girls 
who frequented the bar. 
“But I heard she was forced to drink. That’s why the incident 
happened. Wynter feigned ignorance to provoke a response from Jeffrey. 
“Where did you hear about it? That’s nonsense. No one has ever been 
forced to drink at our bar.” 
Jeffrey scoffed. “You’re kidding me. I’ve worked here for three years. The girls who come here either get brought in by someone or are strikingly attractive. 
“Young lady, someone like you would be welcome at the bar, but 
some can’t come in even if they wanted to. 
In these few sentences, Wynter picked up on something crucial. 
Forcaly people needed to be brought a by someone else to gain 
###chapter1209
Chapter 1209 Top Earner 
Wynter recalled the girls‘ testimony from earlier. “We’re different from 
Vanny. It was her first time at Club Solstice, but we’ve been here. 
several times. Sky is the top male escort here. We’ve seen him before. 
Wynter hadn’t thought much of this statement at that time as it seemed like a normal response. 
But now, as she considered the situation and Jeffrey’s comments, she realized that Vanessa likely entered the bar thanks to regular customers bringing her in. 
The girls all went to the bathroom simultaneously right after bringing Vanessa into the bar. Could it really be a coincidence? 
Wynter chatted a little longer with Jeffrey and gathered quite a bit of information from him. 
As she was about to leave, Jeffrey asked, “Would you and your friend be interested in working here at the bar? The pay is very good. It’s one thousand a day, and this is still excluding commissions.” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “Us? But we’re still students. Is that okay?” 
Dalton, who hadn’t been a student in ages, shot Wynter a meaningful glance. 
Wynter signaled him to cooperate. 
Dalton chuckled softly and shook his head, his gaze full of indulgence. 
2/3 
“Of course you can. We like hiring students here.” 
Jeffrey was starting to warm up to the conversation. To him, Wynter and Dalton were undoubtedly his potential goldmines. 
“Grades don’t matter as long as you’re attractive. You can make more money than you can count. 
“Especially your friend here. He could easily make three to four 
thousand a day, if not more. Plenty of wealthy women would buy him drinks. 
“Look at our top earner, Sky. He makes more money than most people see in a lifetime.” 
A gleam appeared in Wynter’s eyes upon hearing the name Sky. “You mean my friend here looks better than Sky?” 
“Much better! It’s mainly that rare, captivating presence he has!” Jeffrey had run out of superlatives, hoping to recruit them. 
Wynter’s smile widened. “I agree. He would definitely be the top earner in no time if my friend here got into the business.” 
“Exactly! It seems that we share that opinion. So, when can you start- 
Before Jeffrey could finish, Dalton interrupted. His voice was calm yet detached. “Do I look like I need money?” 
“Huh?” Jeffrey looked bewildered. 
Wynter looped her arm through Dalton’s. “Don’t mind him. He gote shy. We’ll get back to you about the ich 
3/3 
schedule. We’ll be in touch.” 
She made a phoning hand gesture to Jeffrey in a practiced manner as she walked out. If one didn’t know, it would seem like she was very familiar with such places. It almost seemed like she was a recruiter. 
Dalton, being pulled along, lowered his gaze slightly. His gaze rested on Wynter’s head. He suppressed the urge to tie her up as he contemplated ways to correct her long–standing habits. 
Yet, Wynter seemed oblivious to the gravity of the situation. She even looked a little excited. “That security guard has great taste. I also think you’d be a huge hit if you work in the nightclub.” 
“You seem very pleased,” Dalton remarked, his voice tinged with amusement. He leaned in, his breath warm on Wynter’s ear. “Do I need to remind you that, officially, you’re still my fiancée?” 
Wynter paused and glanced to the side. Now was the perfect time to change the subject. “Why do you think the victim jumped?” 
“Anything can happen in a bar. People could be drunk, confused, 
disoriented, or not even aware of their own–state of mind. But I lean toward the idea that there was someone present when she jumped,” Dalton replied. 
###chapter1210
Chapter 1210 How to Identify a Scumbag 
Dalton’s deduction skills had always been quite formidable. It was on par with Wynter’s, and she knew this. 
Otherwise, as someone who had navigated the realms of society for so many years without ever being caught, Wynter wouldn’t have lost her modified laptop when dealing with the Gibsons back in Riverburg. It was all due to Dalton’s tracking. 
“I also believe there was someone else involved.” Wynter pulled her gaze back, and a faintly sinister smirk played on her lips. “It looks like we’ll have to focus on those few girls, as well as their top earner, Sky.” 
No one would want to see anyone dead. In a bar, one could wake up and cause a scene, demanding compensation for being slept with. 
However, the nature of the situation changed when it involved a person’s death. 
As the person who handed the drink to Vanessa, Sky had become the focal point of the investigation. Unlike those few female students, Sky was brought in as a suspect. 
Through the interrogation room’s window, Sky was visibly agitated and panicked. Nevertheless, e insisted he had only had a few drinks 
with Vanessa and hadn’t done anything else. 
“These are the rules of our profession. We can’t ignore any 
customers, have to greet everyone who comes in, and have quotas to 
hit. What are we there for if the customers don’t drink?” 
What Sky said wasn’t wrong. But there was o 
up. 
1210 tiba to identily a Scumbag 
Wynter glanced at Joanne beside her, indicating that she would take over the questioning. 
“If it’s about quotas, why didn’t you choose other wealthy ladies instead? Why pick a seemingly inexperienced university student like her? 
“You’re the top earner. Such a customer isn’t worth you personally serving her drinks.” 
Sky listened to Wynter with a sense of resignation. “This is really just a misunderstanding by the public. Being a top earner sounds good, but the actual earnings are just average. 
bar is very strict. We aren’t allowed to accept gifts privately from clients, nor are we permitted to develop personal relationships with them. It could affect our reputation. 
Moreover, the image they’ve assigned to me at the bar has always been gentle and soothing. The ones who are actually spending the nost money aren’t those wealthy ladies. You can check my clientele. 
They’re mostly in their 20s. It’s because we share common topics lue to our close age gaps. Also, those wealthy ladies either have usbands or complicated relationships. I’m afraid I won’t be able to andle them.” 
He’s telling the truth.” Joanne pushed the document toward Wynter. here are the details of the customers he has attended to recently. 
While there are some older ones, they usually don’t come back for im after meeting him twice. Besides, the overall spending is pretty 
consistent 
“So, are girls in their 20s the ones who spend inconsistently?” Wynter immediately caught on to the key point. She glanced at Sky in the interrogation room again. 
He had very fair skin and a cool, slightly decadent look. He was dressed like someone wealthy, and his appearance had a cold. elegance. 
“Someone like him would indeed make younger women prone to impulsive spending.” Wynter said. 
Joanne shook her head. “Indeed. Those without money would take out loans just to go to the bar and buy drinks for him. The wealthier ones would splurge their money in the bar to compete for his 
attention. 
“Look at this one. She comes from an ordinary family yet worries that he might be tired from work. She bought a bottle of wine worth ten thousand dollars so that he gets to rest a bit longer at her table. This kind of spending habit…” 
There was no way to judge it. Saying more would be overstepping. After all, these were all consensual. 
Wynter looked at the chat records. She noticed that Sky preferred to reply to messages at around 4:00 am or 5:00 am. 
###chapter1211
Chapter 1211 How Scumbags Lie 
The texts‘ content was not out of line. In fact, it was very mundane. 
The texts starkly contrasted with Sky’s image and created a strong sense of disparity. It was as if he could be a man worth committing to for life had he not worked in a nightclub. 
For instance, there was a text that said, “Sorry, I just got off work and ordered some takeout. You should be asleep by now, right? Sleep well, goodnight.” 
There was another text. “Oh, did you go today? I wasn’t there today. I was at the hospital with my grandma. 
“Why didn’t you tell me in advance? Let me know next time you come. I’ll arrange my schedule for you.” 
Moreover, he was always gentle and respectful to everyone. He even refused when someone tried to transfer money to him privately. 
His message read, “I don’t like you coming to the bar, but this is my ob. Don’t transfer any money to me anymore. Save it for yourself. Aren’t you about to graduate? Take good care of yourself, silly.” 
He really knows how to play the game.” Wynter scoffed. 
faving established the dark web herself, she had seen many such conversations. Talking to several people at once and pretending he ust saw the messages when he actually just didn’t want to reply. 
lefusing transfers was a tactic to make the girls come to the bar and pend more on expensive drinks. Otherwise, he would have 
meet them privately and not have said things like “I don’t like you coming to the bar“. 
It was just a way to keep them hooked. This made the girls feel they were special to him, that he cared for them not because they spent money but because he had genuine feelings for them. 
These kinds of players had skilled ways of chatting. It made it difficult to discern their true intentions. 
“His clients have a common characteristic,” Wynter remarked. 
Joanne was puzzled. “A common charesteric? Are there others besides their age?” 
Joanne looked over the documents again. The girls were extremely different. Some were rich and beautiful, others had average looks and came from modest backgrounds. 
Their behaviors varied. They came from different regions, had no shared interests or fashion styles, and didn’t belong to the same category at all. 
“Yes. All of them lack love.” Wynter looked up and fixed her gaze on a spot. “They were initially attracted to Sky’s looks at the bar. The real emotional attachment developed when they added him on social 
media and started chatting.” 
Following Wynter’s train of thought, Joanne went through the chat logs again. “Indeed. It seems like they only started talking a month after meeting.” 
And somehow, these girls started treating Sky like a boyfriend. Was it just her imagination? 
Cach/1211How Scumbags Le How S 
Wynter chuckled. “Don’t ignore your intuition. Online chatting can easily create a sense of dependence. 
“Imagine if someone cared about your happiness every day. They would ask if you’d eaten and spoke to you in a doting tone. How would you feel?” 
“I would think he’s interested in me,” Joanne blurted out instinctively. She quickly corrected herself when she realized the setting. “I mean…” 
Wynter, however, praised her, “Exactly. The other girls would think the same. Even if he never explicitly says anything and keeps 
emphasizing that they’re just friends. 
“However, the hints of affection he subtly drops make it feel like he’s waiting for them to break the ice. 
“A lot of girls in this situation would think he’s working hard because his family has fallen on hard times, and that he’s trying to take care of his grandmother. 
“Whether it was the truth or not, no one knows.” 
###chapter1212
Chapter 1212 The Art of Gaslighting 
“He might really have a sick grandmother, but the way he presented it is suspicious. You must be cautious when a man deliberately evokes your sympathy. 
“He’s trying to deceive you, whether it’s emotionally or financially. Sky is obviously the latter. 
“The clients would stay hooked only when he strings them along. It makes them return to the bar over and over again. 
“There was even a girl who got into a fight for him at the bar. His gaslighting skills are considered intermediate.” 
Gaslighting? Joanne’s expression shifted and suddenly became much more serious. 
Wynter’s smile grew wider. “The top earner at the bar seems to have quite a depth of knowledge. It’s worth investigating this bar thoroughly.” 
Wynter glanced at Sky, who was still in a frenzy. She then spoke calmly, “He’s quite clever. He’s more than his good looks.” 
Upon hearing this, Dalton, who was standing beside her, raised an eyebrow. 
His slender fingers paused momentarily, and his gaze followed b before he spoke in a low tone, “Since when are you 
someone like that? 
Dalton the 
charisma. What was so charismatic about someone like Sky? 
Wynter didn’t catch his words. “What did you say?” 
“Nothing.” Dalton returned his gaze to her. “Investigate thoroughly. 
Stop focusing on insignificant matters. Your taste still needs. 
refinement.” 
Wynter was puzzled at the sudden disdain. 
“Since he’s more than his good looks, then his recent performance. was just an act.” Dalton raised his gaze casually. “Perhaps we should review the surveillance footage again.” 
That was Wynter’s intention as well. The two of them were back on 
the same page again. She knew that with Dalton’s sharp mind, he 
would definitely understand what she intended to do. 
It wasn’t just due to Sky’s testimony. After noticing the surveillance 
cameras that were located everywhere inside the bar, Wynter felt the 
need to review the surveillance footage again. 
In fact, the police were also trying to find clues from the surveillance footage. Oddly enough, everything appeared normal. Each frame. 
matched the statements given by the girls. 
“The bar has been very cooperative. They submitted the surveillance 
footage from inside promptly. 
“However, the cameras aren’t positioned closely enough. We can’t 
discern what they were saying or analyze it from the footage,” Tristan 
Bray, the officer in charge of the footage, informed. 
Wynter listened intently as her gaze fixed on the screen. “Wait. Slow it 
down here.” 
Tristan replied, “When she stood up?” 
“Fast forward it a little. Focus on Sky, and enlarge his image,” Wynter continued. 
Tristan didn’t quite understand why Wynter, who was sent by the higher–ups, was so interested in Sky. 
According to their investigation, Sky didn’t have the time to commit the crime. After all, for a long time after Vanessa left, he wasn’t alone. Moreover, two girls also ended up in a fight for him yesterday. 
Although he did tend to gaslight his clients as evident from the chat *ecords, he had done it for money, just like he admitted earlier. 
From a career perspective, Sky had no reason to sabotage his own lients. After all, they were all already obsessed with him. All he 
eeded to do was to keep up with his image. 
lowever, when the footage paused, Wynter leaned in. Her clear eyes eemed as though she could see through everything. “Enlarge it 
urther! Focus on his ears and enhance the image.” 
ne technicians maneuvered the mouse, and the clicking sounds ere incessant. 
eryone in front of the monitor froze as they saw the image. Even eir breathing started pacing. 
ere it was! An earpiece! 
###chapter1213
Chapter 1213 Nothing Escapes Wynter’s Eyes 
There were people with different opinions. “It’s normal for nightclub staff to wear earpieces inside the ber.” 
Wynter chuckled softly. Tm not saying it’s abnormal. It’s just that this might be our breakthrough.” 
“What do you mean?” 
Wynter gestured for them to look at the surveillance footage. “Countless cameras are recording every movement of everyone in this bar 
‘That’s what we see on the surface. Hence, it’s our first instinct to check the surveillance. There’s nothing wrong with that. 
The problem is that the bar handed over the surveillance footage to you in -advance. It’s as if they had everything prepared.” 
Wynter pointed at the enlarged image on the monitor. These aren’t ordinary earpieces. They have strong anti–interference capabilities, so they would have backup archives. 
‘Since the surveillance footage is preserved so well, we can assume that whatever Sky said that day was recorded as well. We need to find a way to get our hands on it‘ 
Some of the officers were a little puzzled. How did Wynter know so much about communication devices? 
But of course, she knew. It was part of Wynter’s job. She had been involved in building security nets. She had knowledge of them since some of the 
equipment came from the dark web. 
Not everyone in the team knew Wynter’s identity. The higher–ups only mentioned that she was there to help with the investigation. It appeared now that she was indeed a specialist in this. 
Plus, as someone who had both medical and legal expertise, Wynter’s eyes were sharper than anyone’s. 
‘Also, the victim’s walking posture seemed peculiar after she got up. People’s movements may be unsteady when under the influence, and their legs may be 
pea Wylers Eye 
shaky, but they wouldn’t exhibit the kind of behavior she did. 
“From the footage, it seems like she was walking with self–awareness, but I’m inclined to believe she was unconscious of it. 
“Has the forensic department conducted any analysis? Or are the victim’s family refusing an autopsy?” 
“We’ve contacted her family, and they are on their way here now. It’ll take some time.” 
Wynter glanced at the time on her phone, her gaze then settled on the corner where Vanessa had disappeared. “Let’s retrieve the data archive first. Don’t alert anyone.” 
Not much time had passed since the incident. The other party likely hadn’t had a chance to delete it yet if there was anything recorded in the data archive. 
Judging from the bar’s response, they seemed more concerned about the surveillance footage. 
Wynter was experienced in this regard. While others might not realize, she understood better than anyone that while surveillance footage could sometimes provide clues, it could also create illusions. 
For instance, the footage might give the impression that Vanessa had disappeared in the corner. However, in reality, she might have simply walked into one of the cameras‘ blind spots. 
Moreover, these cameras were not stationary. With someone capable of manipulating camera angles, what you saw was exactly what they intended to show you. 
Wynter pointed to an empty section of the corridor. “Get the investigation team to check this stretch of pathway. Specifically, investigate whether there are any hidden passages leading to Hawford Financial Center.” 
“Hidden passages?” 
Wynter nodded. “It can’t be teleportation. A person can’t just inexplicably appear in another building. Yet, the security guard in Hawford Financial Center 
is certain that the victim never entered their premises. 
“There is also no footage of the victim on their surveillance. That’s why I suspect there might be a hidden passage here.” 
Chapter 1213 Nothing Escapes Wynter’s Eyes 
3/3 
A hidden passage? Wasn’t that overly complex? Some of the officers were considering this. 
One of them voiced their skepticism, “This isn’t a movie or a TV show. What would a bar gain from having a hidden passage?” 
###chapter1214
Chapter 1214 A Flock of Lambs 
Chapter 1214 A Flock of Lambs 
“That’s a great question.” Wynter looked up. “If there really is a hidden passage, we need to think carefully about what the bar is aiming for. The female students who reported the incident may have clues regarding this.” 
“The girls?” Some of the police officers were completely puzzled now. 
They were failing to follow Wynter’s train of thought. Even if the bar did have a hidden passage, what did that have to do with the girls? 
Wynter didn’t rush to explain. She knew that her speculations still needed evidence. 
“How’s the investigation into those girls‘ interpersonal relationships and financial situations?” She tilted her head and got straight to the point. 
Joanne responded diligently, “We’ve already gotten the information. Every one of them has debts currently. Quite a significant amount, too.” 
Joanne found it quite surprising after she finished speaking. “What got you to 
ask me to check their financial situations in the first place?” 
She wondered if the Special Unit’s members had precognitive abilities. 
“Did you forget that I looked through one of their phones?” Wynter smiled faintly. 
Joanne furrowed her brows. “But her phone didn’t display any financial records. 
Wynter shifted through extensive data, multitasking as she answered Joanne’s 
query. 
“Cosmetic procedures aren’t cheap. Yet, they’ve had more or less some work done on their faces. It’s a current trend, and of course, girls have the right to enhance their beauty. 
“A single procedure costs around five to six thousand, excluding the maintenance fees. The results can be a hit or miss, with effectiveness lasting less than six months. In addition, the handbags they use and the clothes they wear are all branded. 
ich high expenses are typically beyond what most households can afford. Akyeover, it’s obvious they aren’t locals om Hawford. Their accents don’t match* 
Wynter’s gaze shifted toward Joanne. “They don’t seem like scions who have their own credit cards. They came this time to sponge off others‘ cards. They were drinking alcohol at bars without paying for it themselves. 
“Usually, in such cases, they’re either invited by an influential figure or 
someone needing a lively atmosphere. This aligns with what’s confirmed from then statements. 
When their income doesn’t meet their current lifestyle, they either find ways to get money from their parents or resort to online loans. There are numerous options available now.” 
As Wynter’s voice trailed off, she set down the investigation materials she was holding 
She narrowed her eyes and tapped on the desk. A string of data floated in and out of her mind. If one were to describe it her brain now resembled an 
exceptionally clear mind map. 
Filtering through information, she pieced together the coincidence among these girls from the most fragmented of data. 
The girls couldn’t have known each other from the beginning. 
Cosmetic clinics, bars, loans. Each person was short of money, and each enjoyed befriending innocent–looking students, especially freshmen. 
Wynter opened her eyes abruptly as she thought about this. Her dark eyes glinted. 
“Perhaps it really is like a movie. One thing leads to another. The old bringing in the new, and only then will the flock of lambs grow in number.” 
Wynter then asked, “Where are their phones?” 
Her rapid train of thought left those around her struggling to keep up. “They’ve all been turned in. They’re in the next room.” 
Wynter stood up. “Draft an application report. I need to recover the chat logs from all their social media accounts.” 
1214 Aflock of Lambs 
3/3 
“Recover all the chat logs?” Some of the investigators looked surprised and taken aback. “If there’s a valid suspicion, we can certainly investigate and draft an application report. 
“But recovering the chat logs will require the technical team to come over. That might take some time…
###chapter1215
Chapter 1215 Club Solstice’s External Agent 
Wynter glanced at them. “No need to trouble the technician team. Get them to handle the data archive. I’ll handle the chat logs myself.” 
Everyone in the room was rendered speechless. Were all new crime specialists so versatile nowadays? 
Joanne, who stood beside Wynter, didn’t speak any further. Instead, she picked up the documents Wynter had placed on the table earlier. She saw that Wynter had written something on the paper. 
Joanne’s eyes widened in surprise as she read the words on the paper. 
She knew that the Special Unit’s members were extraordinary, but seeing it firsthand was different. 
Wynter had only flipped through the pile of documents casually, yet she remembered everything and identified obvious clues. 
Joanne had heard of geniuses who could quickly summarize and find patterns among a mass of data. Indeed, the Special Unit was not for ordinary people. 
She glanced at the documents again. The word “accomplice” was particularly noticeable. There was a note next to it, saying “business?” 
“Joanne, are we really allowing her to restore the chat logs? It’s my first time seeing a non–tech person do it.” 
Joanne snapped out of her thoughts. “From what I see, she’s faster than the tech department so far.” 
Indeed, in just half an hour, she had uncovered so many clues. Before this, they usually spent ages just watching the surveillance footage. 
Who would have thought that Wynter would come and astonish everyone? She monitored ten screens at once, each covering different time periods simultaneously. She was indeed impressive. 
“Alright, stop standing here like a mascot. Can you watch eight or nine screens at once?” Joanne asked. 
“Even if I wanted to, my eyes wouldn’t allow me. Which team is she from?” 
Rub Solstices External Agent 
“I have no idea. But I must admit, experts are built differently,” Joanne replied. 
“If she actually recovers the chat logs, then she truly is exceptional! She doesn’t even look that old. She’s probably still young, and tech experts don’t usually look like that.” 
If Wolf were here, he would demonstrate what true talent meant. Genius had nothing to do with age. 
Meanwhile, Wynter connected Hazel Walsh, one of the girls‘ phones, to a laptop using a data cable. Data transmission and virus implantation were fastest through a data cable. 
Her fingers danced swiftly on the keyboard. The scene mesmerized the people watching from outside the window. 
“Can she really recover the chat logs?” 
Wynter didn’t look elsewhere. Her eyes were fixed on the monitor as lines of code continuously appeared. 
The phone screen synced with the computer, and social media apps were opened and closed one after another. 
Finally, Wynter paused the screen on the most commonly used app for sharing insights–Instagram. 
Hazel had posted photos of Club Solstice and some guides. The posts started in March last year. 
“Hawford’s must–visit bar! Perfect for photos! The vibe is spot on!” 
Someone commented, “No way, sis. We can’t get in.” 
It didn’t take her long to reply, “Babes, I forgot to mention that they have a face- control policy. DM me if you have the looks and figures. I can get you in without spending a single dime. We can drink together.” 
Following this lead, Wynter swiftly recovered their chats from Instagram. Hazel seemed to be casually recommending the bar. But in reality, it seemed more like she was an external agent for Club Solstice.
###chapter1216
Chapter 1216 Beware of Scams 
There was also a very noticeable pattern Hazel only followed girls who locked innocent and were under 23 years old. 
As for the rest, she would decline their request and wouldn’t even bother recommending Club Solstice to them 
Wynter was familiar with the internet and understood various apps promotional strategies. These apps often engaged users by leveraging extensive data for targeted notifications. 
Instagram, in particular, was trusted by many and indeed served as an effective platform for inspiration. 
However, many posts were crafted to attract attention. For instance, there were captions such as ‘Writing novels for nine years! Earn six figures by your 20s! Offering mentorship for $399 that came along with a bunch of royalty screenshots. 
Many people would be amazed and envidus. This was especially true for housewives and college students who might be tempted to try 
However, after paying for the mentorship, they would end up taking a bunch of useless courses and barely making any money. 
It might seem as if they were making money. But in reality, anyone who wrote 100 thousand words per month would make a few bucks, regardless of mentorship. 
The writing industry relied on individual insight. If one believed they were a genius in this field, no famous author was taught their way to success. 
If one was not a genius and wanted to try their hand in this field, they should read more and start writing directly. 
Ultimately, they would be told that success depended on their own 
comprehension ability. 
Firstly, royalty screenshots could be falsified easily with editing software. Secondly, individuals earning six figures per month typically prioritized their own writing over teaching others. 
meone attempted to expose this, they often faced backlash from a community that defended these individuals, claiming they were assisting newcomers and dismissing the criticism as envy. 
However, few considered that charging money for these services was not genuine assistance but rather a business transaction. 
People tended to blindly follow and admire someone influential, believing and respecting everything they said 
This was the case in Hazel’s comment section. Despite warnings that there was no such thing as a free lunch, many still believed and strongly defended. her. This phenomenon was not uncommon these days. 
Wynter reviewed the comments and eventually identified two other accounts. 
These two accounts appeared to be familiar with Hazel. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have assisted in generating such a buzz. This was merely Wynter’s 
intuition. 
The clues were starting to resurface. These two accounts‘ owners had the same job as Hazel. 
Wynter’s gaze darkened as she skimmed through the comments. Her fingers. 
moved even faster. 
Instantly, the girls‘ texts popped up. The latest messages were from early this 
morning. 
The first text was from Hazel. “Vanny has already drunk that glass of wine. I’m curious to see how different she’ll be from her usual self.” 
Very quickly, Adrina Seth followed. “She acts so pure and innocent all the time. She never goes out when we ask her to. But her eyes were practically glued to Sky as soon as he showed up. She’s so fake!” 
Rosaria replied to Adrina, “Who cares? Let her be as fake as she wants. What’s important is that she was the chosen ong. We’ll benefit from it. Let’s go. shopping once we get our commission!” 
“I’ve scheduled a mesotherapy session. can finally pay off the amount I owed 
last time I went,” Hazel texted. 
Adrina continued with a question. “What if Vanny reports to the police 
Chapter 1216 Beware of Scams 
38155 
afterward?” 
Hazel answered Adrina’s text, “Let her. It was obvious to everyone that she was willing. 
“Is she going to be unhappy when she realizes it’s a different guy she slept with? She’s the one who wanted a scion. Who’s to blame?” 
“Vanny is lucky that she was chosen. Those people are big shots. They are not people we can meet under normal circumstances.” Rosaria agreed. 
###chapter1217
Chapter 1217 Evil Does Evil 
Hazel responded, “Exactly. Let her report to the police if she wants to. They won’t suspect us since it has nothing to do with us, 
“Even if she reported it, there will be people to handle it. Cases like this are hard to crack. Also, who can prove that she wasn’t willing? 
“She is still dreaming of marrying a scion, after all. Alright, enough about this. Let’s delete our chat log. Vanny has been picked. We need to find new targets.” 
All the investigators felt a chill run down their spines when these chat logs. synced to the display screen. 
The girls who sat behind the glass hadn’t even graduated and were merely seniors in college. Yet, they were targeting girls both in person and online. before luring them to bars. 
The investigators clenched their fists as they looked at those four young faces. They weren’t people who were trying to help out their juniors. They were practically demons! 
Wynter wasn’t surprised at the revelation. She was merely confirming some of her suspicions. She had sensed something was off when she first saw these girls downstairs. 
To proceed with prosecution, solid evidence was needed. Her suspicions weren’t enough. 
“It’s time to ask them who exactly selected the targets and who those big shots are.” Wynter stood up, her side profile looking cold and composed. 
Her efficiency was so remarkable that the investigators in her team felt a little. on edge. 
The girls were still oblivious when they were taken from the rest area to the interrogation rooms. They were all separated into different rooms. 
Adrina was visibly anxious as she glanced toward Hazel. 
Compared to the other three girls, Hazel was the calmest. 
From her perspective, Vanessa’s death had nothing to do with her. Vanessa 
was just some Joner at school, someone who came from a poor family but acted high and mighty just because a few seniors liked her. 
Who didn’t know what Vanessa thought? She wouldn’t admit that she was just after money but was more excited than anyone when invited to the bar. Yet, she acted all innocent and pure. 
Jumping off a building was her own doing. Hazel didn’t understand why they had to suffer because of her. 
Typically, the most anxious person would be the first to be interrogated . But Wynter had a different approach. Her focus was on Hazel. 
Hazel didn’t take it seriously when she saw that it was Wynter who 
approached. Being an experienced manipulator, she wasn’t fazed by such a young interrogator. 
Wynter noticed Hazel’s attitude and smirked slightly. “I saw your posts on Instagram. It was interesting, especially your promotional pieces for the bar. 
“Do you want to experience a scion’s life? Then you must visit this bar.‘ It’s well 
-written.” 
Hazel turned a shade paler with each word Wynter spoke. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow. “Club Solstice paid you quite well, didn’t they?” 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I just like recommending good places online,” Hazel explained. “I’ve recommended more than just that bar. I’ve also suggested some cafés in Hawford.” 
Wynter rested her face on one hand, her beauty almost unreal. 
“Hazel Walsh, you’ve portrayed yourself as a scion. You hitch rides for photos, flaunted when you’re at your friends‘ houses, yet you struggle to even afford meals each month. 
“When your dad cuts back on your allowance, you question if he should even have had children in the first place if he can’t support them. 
“Your dad is getting older. You were born in his later years. He works three jobs to put you through school, yet you act like a parasite. You are insatiable.” 
###chapter1218
Chapter 1218 Messing with Wynter 
Hazel was furious when Wynter hit the nail on the head. Her face was red from anger yet paled from fear. 
She resisted the urge to storm up from the interrogation chair. “Who gave you the right to investigate my personal privacy?” 
“Hazel, take a look at where you’re at before you start slamming tables,” Wynter replied calmly. “Who else should we investigate if not a criminal suspect?” 
Hazel scoffed. “Since when am I a suspect? You people are just incompetent. Go catch those big shots if you are so capable. What are you arresting me for? 
To slander me? 
“Vanessa likes jumping off buildings. What’s that got to do with me? I will tell you again–don’t accuse me without evidence!” 
“Do I need to remind you of your image as a gentle and caring senior?” Wynter said without any change in her expression. 
The investigators who were watching outside had already decided there was no saving Hazel. 
Hazel took a deep breath. “I’m just doing outreach work. It’s nothing illegal, right? You are accusing me without any evidence. Is this how you people conduct investigations?” 
“You seem convinced that I have no evidence,” Wynter said as she pushed Hazel’s phone forward. “You should be more familiar with these chat logs than 
I am. 
Hazel’s eyes widened in shock. Her face turned ghostly pale. 
Hadn’t she deleted the chat logs? Did the others not delete them? But this was clearly her phone! 
Hazel was in disarray. Her previous bravado had vanished. Her hands trembled as she tried to deny it. 
However, Wynter spoke before her, “There’s no point in arguing back and forth. The chat logs are clear evidence. 
Chapter 1218 Messing with Wynter 
“Vanessa’s death is connected to you. You intentionally brought her into the bar and sold her to the big shots. You also drugged her, didn’t you?” 
“…” Hazel’s eyes darted around. “I didn’t want to, either. I was forced into this. I’m just a student with no one to rely on in Hawford. 
“The people in the bar threatened me. I didn’t dare to disobey since I was afraid they would harm me if I didn’t comply.” 
Wynter smiled upon hearing this. “Oh, really? Who exactly threatened you, then? 
“The person in charge. Wait, no! The manager! Our outreach manager. He said he’d come to my school if I didn’t obey,” Hazel said as she glanced at the surveillance camera. 
Wynter tapped on the table, as if she was deep in her thoughts. 
Hazel thought Wynter believed her and pitifully added, “I didn’t have a choice. 
“Also, I did warn Vanny not to drink any alcohol handed to her by random people before we entered the bar. There are surveillance cameras in the bar. You can check them.” 
“Hazel Walsh, the issue isn’t with the drinks. It’s the drugs you prepared.” Wynter chuckled softly. “After all, you can’t detect substances in a glass, can you? 
“Those involved in illicit activities wouldn’t risk exposing themselves to such easily traceable evidence.” 
Wynter stared at Hazel before suddenly leaning toward her. Her presence was suddenly overwhelming. 
“You were jealous of Vanessa because the boy you like preferred her. That’s why you wished for her to catch someone’s eye at the bar.” 
The disposable paper cup next to Hazel hit the ground. Her heart was pounding. 
Wynter must be trying to intimidate her. There was no way she could know her secret! No one knew about this! 
“Don’t speak nonsense!” Hazel forced herself to remain calm. “Are the police 
Chapter 1218 Messing with Wynter 
handling cases without even considering evidence now?” 
Wynter tapped Hazel’s phone. “This is an era where everyone texts. The 
3/3 
internet remembers everything. Did you forget about the messages you left late at night? If you want evidence, I have plenty.” 
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter1219
Chapter 1219 Who Did You See 
Technically, Wynter’s Interrogation method didn’t comply with legal standards. However, it was effective enough to get Hazel to confess. 
“Yeah, I was envious of her. So what? Were from the same humble 
background, yet she acted high and mighty. I’m prettier than her and always dressed in branded clothes. 
“So, I don’t understand why I’m considered inferior to her. She might look more innocent, but she also admitted she hoped to snag a rich partner,” Hazel 
argued. 
With a snicker, she added, “You’re interrogating me like this too, huh? Why don’t you ask the others? 
“I’m sure everyone had gone to the nightclub for the same reason. Vanessa wouldn’t have joined us eagerly too if it weren’t for her own vanity. 
“There’s no such thing as a free lunch, but humans are greedy. A little temptation is all it takes to hook them. 
“Like the other girls, Vanessa also fantasized about marrying a rich and handsome man. She wouldn’t have taken that leap out of the window if she had slept with Sky.” 
Upon catching onto a piece of key information, Wynter calmly questioned, “So, who did she sleep with?” 
Stunned, Hazel only realized that she had fallen right into Wynter’s verbal trap and revealed something she shouldn’t. However, it was too late to take back 
her words. 
Wynter raised her head and instructed, “You’ve heard her. Check the cameras opposite and near the crime scene. There might be some clues.” 
Finding the surveillance cameras suspicious, Wynter suggested searching for clues from the footage. 
With Hazel confirming the presence of a second individual at the time of Vanessa’s death, Wynter strongly believed the case shouldn’t be dismissed outright as a simple suicide. 
Wynter tended to entertain conspiracy theories. 
As far as she knew, the Wray family had a stake in Club Solstice. Although they weren’t directly responsible for the nightclub, its meticulous operation and 
outward image mirrored their typical approach. 
After all, the Wray family was known for their ascent through internal 
fundraisings and strategic onboarding. 
While the nightclub thrived on its luxurious and extravagant services, the 
young women hinted that influential figures had been picking out targets for their own carnal desires. 
As Hazel argued, relationships formed within gray areas were difficult to define. 
Wynter eagerly concluded the case as murder to prevent the Wray family from scheming under the radar. However, she doubted the Wrays could pull off any 
tricks at that moment. 
Glancing at the time, Wynter reminded Hazel, “You may choose to remain. silent, but I doubt your friends will do the same. Or perhaps you would like to put your strong friendship to the test.” 
In truth, Hazel didn’t share a particularly close bond with her “friends“. They were merely posing as socialites. 
Recognizing her chance, Hazel hurriedly confessed, “I’ll tell you what I know. The nightclub has an additional floor–I’m not talking about the floor with private suites, but a higher one.” 
She paused briefly and questioned, “Are you sure this will remain confidential?” 
Upon Wynter’s assurance, Hazel continued with a gulp, “Only a high–ranking member can access that floor. Normally, I wouldn’t be allowed there. However, I stumbled upon it while searching for the restroom. 
“That floor isn’t meant for ordinary people. Though I only caught a glimpse of two individuals, I could tell the rest on that floor were more powerful and influential than the ones I saw.” 
###chapter1220
Chapter 1220 An Attempt to Guilt Trip Wynter 
Wynter looked at Hazel calmly and asked “Who did you see?” 
“Someone from the news. Are you really sure this stays confidential ?” Hazel questioned uneasily. 
Wynter glanced at the audio recording device and disrupted the audio feed. ” You can say the name now. Who did you see?” 
Clenching her fists, Hazel replied softly “One was Braxton Rowland from the local trading association, and the other was from the Southern Cascadia 
Chamber of Commerce…” 
Hazel’s revelation remained unheard by others. One of the investigators removed the buzzing headphones and swung the door open. 
“This goes against the protocols!” they scolded with a stern face. 
Wynter retorted calmly, “And according to protocols, you should be leading the investigation yourself. 
“Considering its business practices and incidents over the past year, the authorities should’ve conducted a thorough inspection of Club Solstice. Why wasn’t that done?” 
The investigators were rendered speechless by Wynter’s inquiry. At that. moment, someone argued indignantly, “There have been no incidents before. We’ve only learned of the situation!” 
“Perhaps. However, records found several reports from the same nightclub. I’m sure the officers in that area were aware of the situation and requested to be dispatched. 
“Unfortunately, the cases were left unresolved, weren’t they?” Wynter countered 
as she rose from her seat. 
The investigator was stunned. In truth, they did notice the reports Wynter mentioned while reviewing the records. 
“The same thing happened every time. Shouldn’t the nightclub be inspected for such consistent incidents?” Wynter continued. 
The investigators felt uneasy at Wynter’s assertion. 
Indeed, Club Solstice harbored deep secrets that warranted thorough Investigations, yet every attempt hit a dead end. Obviously, someone in authority had been obstructing further investigations. 
Gazing at the investigators, Wynter warned, “Hazel’s silence guarantees her personal safely until the truth is disclosed. But that doesn’t mean she’s 
walking away from her crimes. 
“Likewise, you’ll face consequences if anything is revealed before the Special Unit’s arrival.” 
Hearing that, some of the investigators exchanged shocked glances. At that moment, they finally understood Wynter’s prowess. However, they wondered if members of the Special Unit were as young as her. 
Amidst her colleagues‘ stunned silence, Joanne remained calm and 
composed. Fixing her cap, she locked eyes with Wynter and assured, “Rest assured, we’ll resolve the case.” 
“Exactly. If the victim has adamantly refused the other’s advances, there’s no point covering for their crime. No one can escape justice, no matter how powerful they are,” the investigators echoed enthusiastically. 
Wynter smiled at their determination and prepared to leave. 
Just then, Hazel hurriedly pleaded, “Wait, you can’t just leave! I’ve given an important clue. Surely, that compensates for my errors and grants my release, right?” 
Wynter merely cast her a cold glance and stated, “A despicable person like you should learn some lessons behind bars. You’ll get to leave once you know it’s wrong to leech off others.” 
Hazel flew into a rage. “You tricked me! And what do you mean by calling me despicable?” 
“I know wealthy people like you often look down on those inferior to you. Otherwise, you wouldn’t bring up my beggarly dad. Tell me, would you rather have him as your father? 
“I just don’t understand why he chose to have children in such poor circumstances. Why bring me into this world if he couldn’t provide me with a 
luxurious life? He’s as poor as they come 
At that moment, Hazel burst into a haughty laugh. “Do you think you’re doing my dad a favor by locking me up? My mom passed away early, and I’m all he has. Instead of being thankful, he’ll probably resent you!” 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Dayss 
###chapter1221
Chapter 1221 She Feels Sorry For Him 
“Once I’m behind bars, he’d be left att alue, acord and ridiculed by our 
relatives 
“People like you disgust me Do you think you’re so pompous and righteous to lecture others? One day, you’ll realize your kindness only brought misery to my dadi” Hazel laughed arrogantly. 
Disinterested in her rant, Wynter began searching online for the names Hazel disclosed Shortly after, she turned back to Hazel and asked, “Are you done?” 
Her indifference left Hazel dumbfounded, 
Tapping her temple in a calm and elegant manner, Wynter commented, “I can never understand the thoughts of someone like you. 
“Your dad’s well–being is not my concern. He raised you to be spoiled and entitled. If he’s willing to overlook your crimes, he deserves a harsher life. 
“I’m doing the world a favor by locking you up. Just so you know, the world doesn’t revolve around you. It’s time to wake up from your dreams, princess” 
While Hazel wore a sour expression at Wynter’s remark, the investigators looked pleased. 
Despite being serious about their work, there were times when the investigators wished to retort sharply against the youngsters‘ arrogance. 
The youngsters often leeched off their families while deriding them, even resorting to gaslighting. 
Hazel claimed to resent her father, Dylan Walsh, for bringing her into the world without providing her with a luxurious life. 
Yet, she overlooked how Dylan constantly indulged her out of love for her, hoping to give her the best life possible. 
The investigators had read through Hazel’s chat histories. Despite having hist doubts, Dylan still asked tentatively, “Why do your tuition fees keep adding up, 
Hazel?” 
“You know nothing about Hawford! The living expenses in this city are quite 
steep. Besides, my school is more expensive than average,” Hazel refuted in annoyance. 
Dylan stopped inquiring further, merely responding with silence. Sometime later, he texted Hazel again. 
His message hinted with joy. “I earned 500 dollars today, Hazel! My boss was king and treated me to a box of cigarettes. He even advised me to get a check- up for my back. 
“I’m thinking of doing that before coming to see you in Hawford. You haven’t been home this year, and I missed you.” 
However, Hazel replied impatiently, “Why would you come to Hawford? Just get the health check–up if you want; I’m not stopping you. 
“Is it a habit for your generation to complain to your children? It seems that the people online are right about old folks like you. You could’ve switched on the air conditioner, but you preferred the hand fan instead!” 
Dylan kept silent for a moment before sending a voice message, “That’s not what I meant, Hazel. I just don’t feel the heat. Besides, the electricity bills are high. 
“It’s just that my back starts acting up if I work too long. I’m thinking of taking a rest and visiting you.” 
Hazel gave a cruel reply, “Why would you do that? I’m too busy with 
assignments. It’s hard to find a job nowadays. You should keep working if you can since you’ll lose a day’s pay if you take a break. 
“If you really miss me, send me five thousand dollars. My friends are going on a trip, but I can’t afford to join them. It’s humiliating, you know?” 
Dylan was shocked. “Five thousand dollars for a trip? I can only earn up to 500 dollars a day, Hazel!” 
“Then find a way to make more! It’s important for my education,” Hazel retorted dismissively. 
Dylan didn’t reply further. In the end, he only managed to earn two thousand dollars and sent it to Hazel. She swiftly accepted the money but complained it wasn’t enough. 
Dylan might’ve longed to see his daughter in Hawford, but was it worth the trip 
when Hazel was raised as such? 
The investigators couldn’t help but contemplate the words of wisdom. 
Were the older generations inclined to complain, or were the younger 
generations simply ignorant of the high costs of living? Alas, their question remained unanswered. 
###chapter1222
Chapter 1222 A Trap 
When Wynter exited the interrogation room, someone swiftly approached her and reported, “A representative from Club Solstice has arrived. It might be difficult to investigate the hidden passage.” 
“Bring them to me,” came Wynter’s instruction. 
“He’s a lawyer representing the nightclub. He seems difficult to deal with,” the person added worriedly. 
Yet, Wynter flashed a charming smile. “Well, I do enjoy a challenge.” 
Minutes later, the group gathered around and took their seats. 
Someone started the introduction between the two parties. “Everyone, this Mr. Calvin Adams, a renowned lawyer in Hawford. Mr. Adams, this is the crin specialist handling the Club Solstice case.” 
Calvin Adams shook Wynter’s hand with a smile before diving into the negotiations. He stated in a professional tone, “I’m Mr. Carlson’s power of 
attorney. 
“As far as I know, Mr. Carlson has provided all relevant evidence we could possibly offer. As Club Solstice’s manager, it’s detrimental to his reputatic remain detained. 
“While we extend our condolences to the late Ms. Chadwick, there’s no 
evidence suggesting my client is involved in her death. You are free to question him, but I request for his release after 24 hours. 
“Moreover, I reserve the right to pursue legal actions against the slander toward Mr. Carlson and Club Solstice. I do hope you uncover the truth pr 
as we intend to issue a formal statement 
“Mr. Carlson has a weak heart, and a prolonged interrogation may trigge negative responses. You may verify this with the doctor’s statement.” 
As he spoke, Calvin presented a detailed cardiac diagnosis. It appeared come well–prepared. 
Instead of disclosing the fresh leads in the investigation, Wynter retorted calmly. “Why the rush, Mr. Adams? We still have half a day.” 
Calvin believed Simon wouldn’t reveal anything he shouldn’t. In truth, he didn’t 
intend to bail Simon out 
Calvin’s visit served two purposes–one was to remind Simon about his backers and ensure his silence on sensitive matters. The other was to gather updates from the police on their investigation if Simon remained detained. 
Yet, Wynter withheld any information from Calvin. 
He had previously guaranteed his superior that he could resolve the situation, given his familiarity with the standard police procedures. He was certain he could discover something from the timing and the officers‘ attitude. 
However, Calvin felt uneasy when Wynter disrupted his plans. Not only was she young, but she also seemed frivolous. She didn’t give off the impression of a crime specialist at all. 
Calvin was at a loss. He wasn’t certain if Wynter’s words implied new evidence or if she was simply bluffing. 
At that moment, Wynter instructed, “Prepare some tea for Mr. Adams, and take 
him to his client after.” 
Calvin was dumbfounded. Typically, he would be restricted from meeting his client under such circumstances. And yet, Wynter proposed a meeting before. he could even request it. 
Was she not concerned he might exchange code words with Simon? Or was she confident that he wouldn’t try anything under surveillance? Maybe it was a trap! 
Being as cautious as ever, Calvin instinctively declined Wynter’s offer. “Since there’s nothing else, I’ll wait outside until the time comes.” 
“Suit yourself.” Wynter hummed and prepared to leave. 
Seeing her poise and composed demeanor, Calvin instantly regretted his decision and blurted out, “On second thought, maybe I should meet with my client. I’m worried about his health.” 
###chapter1223
Chapter 1223 Everything Is Fine 
Wynter smiled and gestured to the door, yet her eyes betrayed no secrets. 
Calvin couldn’t help feeling that he was tricked, but he lacked substantial evidence. Regardless, he decided to pay $imon a visit. 
His superior had tasked him with warning Simon to stay silent on sensitive 
matters. 
After all, Simon had reneged on his words once. If he slipped up again, the police might cleverly take advantage of it. Calvin knew he had to be cautious. 
Moments later, Calvin was led to the visitation room where Simon awaited. Upon meeting Simon, Calvin pondered how he could pry for information under 
surveillance. 
Much to his surprise, Simon appeared relaxed and composed, showing no signs of distress. Still, Calvin sought clear answers about Simon’s 
predicament. 
“How are you feeling, Mr. Carlson? Are you troubled with certain queries? In that case, you can leave them to me. You have the right to remain silent at present. Or perhaps, there are other clues you could share?” 
Despite sounding supportive of Simon’s innocence, Calvin intended to fish for information. Unfortunately, his efforts would prove futile. 
Unable to deny he was being interrogated, Simon merely shook his head. Everything is fine. I just want to know when I can leave.” 
However, Calvin was left unsettled by Simon’s reassurance and nearly shot him a meaningful glance. What did Simon mean by “everything was fine“? Where were the details? 
Understanding Calvin’s anxiousness, Simon tacitly added, “I’m deeply 
saddened by the tragedy as well. However, we can only wait for the police to conduct their investigation, especially since the victim has visited our 
nightclub.” 
“I understand. Rest assured, you’ll be released promptly in 24 hours. I’ll be waiting outside. Please take care of yourself,” Calvin reassured, to which 
Simon nodded in acknowledgment. 
Judging from Simon’s nonchalant and composed demeanor, Calvin believed Simon wasn’t facing serious trouble. 
If the authorities had discovered something significant, Simon would’ve been thoroughly interrogated, given his role as Club Solstice’s manager. 
The fact that Simon appeared relaxed and unruffled suggested that the police. had yet to uncover anything significant. 
Upon exiting 
e visitation room, Calvin hurriedly walked to the front door to place a call. Being as cautious as he was, he simply uttered, “Please rest assured, Mr. Carlson is in good health.” 
In truth, it was a code word he established with Kenton. 
If everything remained under control as expected, Calvin would affirm Simon’s good health. But if the police had discovered something requiring the Wrays‘ -intervention, Calvin would express that Simon’s health was failing. 
After hanging up the phone, Kenton flashed a confident smile. “I told you there’s nothing to worry about. The police will never find anything. Even if they suspect something, they won’t make any progress.” 
He then turned to his secretary and instructed, “See if they’ve contacted the girl’s parents. Find a third party and settle this without involving the Wray family. 
“Also, tell the parents discreetly that their daughter isn’t proper. I’m sure they’ll accept the money then. It’ll be bad for their reputation if they cause a scene. After all, no daughter will stoop so low, don’t you agree?” 
The secretary, Adrian Meyer, smiled reassuringly. “You can see to it that the matter is resolved, Mr. Wray. 
“Some people are excessively greedy, thinking they could rise to the top without paying the price. They should understand that nothing in life is free.” 
###chapter1224
Chapter 1224 He’s as Fine as Could Be 
“You understand the thoughts of the poor well. Well, you may go now. Handle this flawlessly, or else it could affect the voting session,” Kenton ordered. 
All that mattered to Kenton was seizing control of the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce. He didn’t perceive Wynter as a threat, let alone consider the protocols he had familiarized with.. 
It turned out that people tended to disregard the value of life once they became wealthy. 
Aware of the dangers posed by the wealthy, Wynter refrained from directly confronting those of the names mentioned lest she would alert her adversaries. In such moments, she knew she needed an ally. 
As Wynter glanced at her laptop, an investigator approached her and reported, Ms. Quinnell, your associate has wandered into the nightclub’s corridor for reasons unknown. 
“We’ve cautioned him against contaminating the crime scene, but he ignored us. He also brought along a child, who appears quite physically strong.” 
Hearing that, Wynter raised her head as a confident and determined figure flashed across her mind. For the first time, a radiant smile crossed her face 
“He’s probably looking for the hidden passage. Rest assured, he won’t contaminate the crime scene. Let him proceed. I’ll head there right away,” Wynter instructed. 
She couldn’t help but wonder how Dalton managed to call Wolf over. As far as she knew, Wolf had remained at Mt. Dragon to dispel the hostile aura 
surrounding him. Had that process been completed? 
Despite her uncertainties, Wynter strongly believed that the child mentioned was indeed Wolf. After all, there was no other child physically stronger thar 
him. 
Despite knowing Wolf was Chaos, Wynter anxiously wanted to check on his condition. If he were to awaken, she would possess unimaginable power a 
his master 
Whether it was air auspicious beast or a fearsome beast, Its energy was likely to be harnessed by 
the master they acknowledged. 
However, Wynter wished that Wolf would never awaken into Chaos. He was perfectly fine as he was–he might be a glutton, but he was an obedient child. 
Wynter even thought about his education Now that he was a recognized citizen, he could attend elite classes. 
Wynter’s concerns for Wolf were sensible and pragmatic. 
She still recalled him once mentioning he enjoyed playing computer games and staying with Margaret. He was content with the labor and delighted in having bread rolls for meals. 
As such, Wynter was determined not to let the innocent Wolf be condemned by the world. 
Despite his inability to distinguish right from wrong in his youth, Wolf never intended to harm anyone. Was such a beast truly deserving of condemnation? 
With downcast eyes, Wynter quickened her pace. Though she was eager to meet Wolf, she made sure to bring her laptop along. With Wolf around, her work efficiency would improve. 
Meanwhile, Dalton fixed his gaze on an oil painting in the corridor of Club Solstice. Both Dalton and the investigators hadn’t noticed it earlier as it seamlessly blended into the nightclub’s interior. 
Upon confirming the wall’s solid construction with a few taps, they decided not to explore further. 
Based on the information gathered, their attention was directed to the floor above the private suites rather than the corridor. 
Despite investigating the areas Hazel mentioned, the entire floor had been meticulously cleaned without any traces left. 
The lavish lifestyle of the wealthy was unimaginable until one saw it firsthand. 
The floor itself was notably extravagant, boasting an infinity pool uncommon. for a nightclub setting. From the windows in the room, one could gaze upon the entirety of Riogeb. 
###chapter1225
Chapter 1225 Not a Plaything 
Clearly, the view at night would be stunning. 
The hall was equipped with wine racks and party items, and the floor offered a picturesque view of Riogeb. Gazing down the towering floor, it felt as though the entire nightclub lay beneath their feet. 
Unfortunately, the investigators were frustrated as they failed to discover any clues. 
Just as they were at a loss, Wynter appeared asking about Dalton’s 
whereabouts. She had tried calling him multiple times, but he didn’t answer 
once. 
“They’re not here and have gone to the corridor below,” an investigator replied. They had prudently donned disposable shoe covers to avoid contaminating the 
crime scene. 
As Wynter was about to look for Dalton, she suddenly stopped in her tracks. From where she stood, she had a clear view of the nightclub. In particular, she noticed the bar stools lit up whenever someone was seated. 
Upon recalling the young women mentioning Vanessa being chosen, Wynter realized her mistake. She had assumed Hazel and her friends brought Vanessa to Club Solstice after catching the influential figure’s interest online. 
Yet, it turned out that the targets were randomly selected within the nightclub. Poor Vanessa had been targeted from that special floor! 
Wynter stood tall with a dark expression. The ostensible figure’s impulsive decision had claimed a young woman’s life. To them, those young women. were mere playthings and to be used as they pleased. 
Vanessa wasn’t the first or last victim of their cruelty. If her case remained negligently investigated, there would be similar incidents in the future. 
More young women would flock to the nightclub. While some sought to find a rich partner, among them were innocent souls who risked becoming playthings simply to seek a taste of life’s experience. 
Under no circumstances should the man force himself on the woman after her 
relection. Unfortunately, it was hard to prove one’s Innocence within such gray 
areas 
Based on the information, Vanessa wasn’t an ideal victim–she had hoped to secure a better life with a rich sclon. However, she didn’t deserve to be treated as a plaything by others. 
Wynter understood that the case was challenging, filled with twists and rumors swirling. To uncover the truth, she knew she needed hard evidence. 
The law should never condone a crime, especially to those who viewed lives. as mere playthings. 
Wynter glanced at the surveillance cameras, having figured out how the 
targets were chosen. She also deduced the instruction relayed to Sky through his earpiece. 
On the surface, Sky greeted Vanessa, who seemed to fit his customer profile In truth, he approached her to satisfy certain individuals‘ gratification. 
Obviously, someone had given him orders. While Sky wasn’t involved in th previous cases, similar escorts were doing the dirty work. 
Despite understanding their fears, Wynter couldn’t simply urge the young women to protect themselves and their innocence. 
The forensic report indicated that Vanessa had engaged in sexual behavio before her death, yet no foreign substances were found in her body. The oth party left no traces of evidence. 
Even if they wished to pursue legal action, they couldn’t find the perpetrat 
That was the truth behind the unresolved cases. The mastermind was fami with the law and had established many connections. It seemed there was another manipulator besides the Wray family. 
###chapter1226
Chapter 1226 Delicious Bird 
In the first–floor corridor, a small figure was seen moving items with a blank. 
expression. He occasionally looked up at Dalton, silently asking when he could finally meet Wynter. 
While the investigators were puzzled by Wolf’s presence, they were astounded by his remarkable strength. He appeared unable to speak, communicating with gestures instead. 
The investigators glanced at the wine barrel beside him, wondering how he managed to lift it with one hand. Were the laws of physics being defied? Was he the mighty Hercules? 
Wolf merely ignored the gazes that fell on him. He recalled waking up in a hot spring pool deep within the forest. It felt nice, but he was hungry. 
Wolf stomped in frustration and checked his teeth in the water’s reflection. After confirming his condition, he glanced around the forest. 
There wasn’t a single soul in sight except for a bunch of spirits. To his dismay, the spirits retreated fearfully whenever he took a step forward. 
As a renowned hacker, Wolf was heavily dependent on electronic devices. He nearly flew into a rage upon finding his Apple watch removed. Although he was unsure of his current whereabouts, he felt a sense of familiarity. 
Following Wynter’s advice, Wolf refrained from eating indiscriminately. When he attempted to ask for directions, the spirits scattered in fear. 
After a long chase, he finally learned that he was at Mt. Etna, though the name didn’t sound appetizing to him. 
As Wolf was thinking of an exit, he noticed a crow landing on a tree branch. His initial instinct was to grill the delicious–looking bird. 
To his surprise, the crow suddenly spoke and instructed him to head to 
Hawford. 
Wolf tucked the talking crow into his pocket, intending to present it to Wynter. He entertained the idea of having the crow sing for Wynter before grilling it–a fitting end for such an extraordinary bird. 
Charter Tree Dekodus Bord 
Unbeknownst to Wolf, his every thought had been overheard by the crow. Despite being a mythical beast, he could only fold his wings and cower quietly in Wolf’s pocket. The crow dreaded that Wolf might snap his wings in half. 
In terms of sheer strength, the crow stood no chance against Wolf. 
When Dalton ordered him to fetch Wolf, the crow had strongly expressed his refusal. Though Wolf had gained a human conscience, all he could think about was food. 
As the crow struggled inside the pocket, he attempted to signal Dalton for freedom. 
Upon detecting the crow’s movement, Wolf instantly cast a glance at him. His round eyes gazed adorably at the crow, but his mind was set on knocking the crow unconscious for his defiance. 
When the crow was left speechless, Dalton finally spoke, “Put down the barrel and stand here. Let’s see if the camera captures you.” 
Dalton held a white handkerchief against his nose. His thick eyelashes fluttered, giving off an indescribable presence. 
Anyone else striking that pose would have appeared feminine, yet Dalton’s tall figure and well–fitted suit lent him an air of reserved elegance. 
He resembled a young underboss who had returned from overseas in times past, attracting lingering gazes from those around him. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1227
Chapter 1227 Wolf Did Not Go to Mt Dragon 
Upon arriving at the scene, Wynter was stunned by the sight. She vaguely recalled seeing that person strike the same pose with a white handkerchief in Hawford some time ago, though they exuded a more malevolent air back then. 
For some reason, Wynter sensed that their trip to Hawford wasn’t a mere coincidence. Rather, it seemed they were led there. 
Wolf shook his head, his expression blank as he ran tests on the surveillance 
camera. 
Upon spotting Wynter, he swiftly dropped everything and dashed to her side. He started gesturing toward her excitedly, as though he had a lot to share. 
Wynter tilted Wolf’s head and pinched his soft cheeks. She then glanced at his teeth and praised, “Good. You haven’t eaten anything you shouldn’t have.” 
Wolf puffed his chest out, wordlessly affirming that he had followed Wynter’s instructions. 
Wynter pulled Wolf into her embrace and ruffled his hair. She had missed him, dearly, and only now did his presence ground her in reality. 
Wynter’s feelings toward Wolf differed from the others. No matter what Wynter would become, Wolf remained loyal to her. 
When Wynter became unstable, and Margaret struggled to make ends meet, Wolf did his best to support the family despite his difficulties with learning and speech. His small, bustling figure lingered vividly in Wynter’s mind. 
In truth, Wolf’s aptitude in computer science promised a brighter path ahead. With such exceptional skills, he could’ve been treated preferentially in any place. After all, no company would overlook a computer genius. 
Though he was once offered a hefty sum for his recruitment, he never thought of leaving Wynter for the big city. 
Since Wynter started her business, Wolf had never once left her side. He was her anxiolytic. 
Wynter often found comfort and reassurance in his presence, knowing she could protect her home just like any other person, 
The crow remained stiff in Wolf’s pocket If he could express himself, 
the crow would appear astounded. 
As far as he knew, Wolf never allowed anyone to caress his head. When Dalton did so, the child sulked begrudgingly. After all, it was hard for a fearsome beast to change its habits. 
Shocked by the sight, the crow sneakily cast a glance at Dalton. 
Wolf appeared less like the fearsome beast he was known to be. Instead, he seemed to be enjoying Wynter’s touch as he gestured animatedly with his hands. 
Though the crow wasn’t familiar with sign languages, Dalton understood th gestures. Wolf had wordlessly conveyed that he found himself someplace unknown without his Apple watch, leaving him stranded with no means of 
contact. 
Upon deciphering Wolf’s sign language, Wynter furrowed her brows. “Were y left in the middle of nowhere? I thought you went to Mt. Dragon.” 
Her question was clearly directed at Dalton. 
Back then, he insisted that Wolf remained on Mt. Dragon as its spiritual ene was beneficial for Wolf’s condition. Not to mention Kaspar was the first to suggest it. 
Yet, Wolf’s response implied otherwise and he didn’t seem familiar with place at all. 
What was going on? 
###chapter1228
Chapter 1228 Belongs to Kaspar 
Though the crow wasn’t familiar with sigh languages, he realized that Dalton’s lier and disguise were likely to be discovered 
Dalton was still missing a fragment of his soul, and the crow was uncertain how Wynter would react if she learned of Dalton’s identity. 
In truth, both Dalton and the crow came to Hawford in search of the missing soul fragment. They couldn’t afford any missteps that might jeopardize Dalton’s safety. 
As the crow grew worried, Dalton approached Wynter and explained, “There’s a holy ground that lies deep in the forest on Mt. Dragon. 
“That place is brimming with spiritual energy and inhabited by various beasts. Humans rarely go there. I believe Wolf was sent there.” 
Wynter arched her brow. “Is there truly such a place on Mt. Dragon?” 
“Indeed, but it’s remained confidential to the public,” Dalton replied calmly. 
Wolf 
Wynter turned to for confirmation Wolf thought of the secluded forest and nodded in agreement. 
Suddenly remembering something, he whipped the crow out of his pocket and stuffed it into Wynter’s hands. He pointed at the crow, silently implying that the crow had guided him out 
of the forest. 
Wynter gazed at the crow with amusement, recognizing him as the mythical beast she had seen back at the Quinnell residence. 
“It seems fate has brought us together again. So, tell me, why did you guide Wolf out of that place?” Wynter asked with a meaningful tone. 
The crow attempted to play dead, but Wynter saw through his tricks. “Playing dead again? Enough with this pointless act. You’re a mythical beast, after all,” she said with a snicker. 
The crow stiffened in Wynter’s hands. Unsure of how to react, all he could manage was a helpless squawk. How could he explain that he guided Wolf out of the forest? 
Tve heard that a Mythical beast has activetected a cultivator from Mt. 
I’ve 
Dragon as their master It’s not surprising that the crow han guided Wolf out of the forest as the beast must’ve sensed Wolfe awakening on the holy grounds,” 
Dalton calmly explained 
Though his words sounded convincing, Wynter couldn’t shake her doubts. “Are you implying that the crow belongs to Mr. Stavius ?” 
“I only know that a cultivator has been acknowledged, but I’m not sure who 
they are.” Dalton nonchalantly replied. 
Despite her doubts, Wynter didn’t have time to confirm the crow’s identity. She suddenly noticed Dalton standing at the hidden passage’s entrance. 
In an instant, Wynter looked up and realized they were out of the surveillance cameras‘ view. 
Closing her eyes, Wynter slowly recalled Vanessa’s last movements after her drink. It appeared that Vanessa would’ve passed through that area either way. 
Wynter speculated that a switch or a master control might operate the hidden passage. As for where the hidden passage would lead to… 
Wynter handed Wolf her laptop and a flash drive. “Hack into this nightclub’s local area network and restore the chat histories,” she instructed. 
It had been ages since Wolf last worked with a computer. He innocently accepted the laptop and started tapping on the keyboard. 
While Wolf focused on hacking, Wynter turned on her flashlight and glanced at the dark passage. A fleeting flicker passed through her eyes, though it 
betrayed nothing of her thoughts. 
“Well then, let’s find out where this leads.” Wynter smirked. If the hidden passage truly opened onto the other side of the building, Vanessa’s case would be solved. 
###chapter1229
Chapter 1229 The Victim is Not Innocent 
The hidden passage was short. Wynter reached a door after walking less than 60 feet. 
She realized that the door was locked from the other side as she attempted to open it. In most situations like this, the usual approach was to first locate the lock mechanism before unlocking it. 
However, Wynter merely raised an eyebrow and listened. She suddenly raised her hand and signaled Dalton to halt. 
There was a sound on the other side, which meant someone was in there. 
Wynter knew a lot about criminal psychology. Many perpetrators would return to the scene after committing a crime, either to cover up evidence or for other 
reasons. 
“It was just as you said–no one investigated this place. You’re reliable. I’ll see you at the Chamber of Commerce tomorrow,” said the voice from inside. 
9 
Wynter knew she wouldn’t make it in time no matter how quickly she rushed over. But one thing was certain–the surveillance cameras would definitely capture who it was this time. 
These people had been so brazen because the surveillance cameras in Club Solstice and Hawford Financial Center were merely for show. They allowed you to see only what they wanted to show. 
They had not expected that the control of the local area network was no longer in their hands, nor did they expect the case to be solved this quickly. 
Within ten minutes, Wolf had the results. 
Wynter kept zooming in on the photo. In an instant, everything matched with Hazel’s earlier statements, providing substantial evidence pointing to the culprit. 
It was also at this moment when a torrent of criticism against Vanessa erupted. 
People initially thought there must have been some untold hardships behind Vanessa’s decision to jump off a building. But now, the rumors about her wanting to marry a scion were exposed. 
Chapte 1929 The victim is binocent 
Many people left comments. 
“Who can she blame for not keeping herself in check?” 
“Everyone wants to marry a scion, but first, you need to see if you’re qualified.” 
“No matter the situation, the girl is dead. Can’t you guys be more respectful with your words?” 
“What’s going on? What’s with the sudden hate comments?” 
“Check out the Instagram post. An insider has spilled the tea. The girl who jumped to her death is Vanessa Chadwick. 
“She was popular in her school and had situationships with multiple seniors. It was as if she was just playing the field. 
“In reality, she just didn’t like the fact that she wasn’t from Hawford and her family wasn’t wealthy enough. Apparently, she mistook a male escort for a 
scion at the bar. 
“She drank the drink he offered, thinking she could go home with him. But for some unknown reason, she ended up jumping off the building.” 
“Sis, get the full story before spilling the tea. The post I read clearly said she wanted to sleep with a scion but woke up to find it was an old man instead. Mistakes happen after drinking too much after all.” 
“Is that why she jumped? She wanted to sleep with him. Who’s to blame?” 
“I don’t understand the victim’s logic, but one thing is clear. If she didn’t want 
to marry a scion this badly, none of this would have happened.” 
“Her family is very poor. It’s not surprising she had such thoughts, but she couldn’t handle the consequences.” 
“I hate girls like this the most. They claim to be pure and chaste, but when they meet a scion, they are more ready to throw themselves at him. 
“Now she threw herself at the wrong guy, jumped off the building, and caused concerns for the public.” 
“I have a question. If she really died like the Instagram posts said, who is the guy she slept with? Will he be punished?” 
Chapter 109 The Vetim & Nat thirsty 
“You’re missing the point. She did it willingly. The guy who slept with her is damn unlucky.” 
These comments were unusually skewed! 
Wynter narrowed her eyes. 
How could the perpetrators have anticipated the sequence of the investigation so accurately? They had preemptively overturned public perception. It was all to ensure that Vanessa would not be seen as innocent! 
###chapter1230
Chapter 1230 Starting with Her Parents 
Once these comments solidified, the truth and resolution of Vanessa’s case would never come to light. 
In the past, such public opinion would create immense pressure on the investigation, which would make some inquiries difficult to conduct. 
However, in a short time, Wynter had uncovered issues in Club Solstice’s operational mode. She even discovered a whole chain of criminals behind this case who were actively committing crimes and providing cover. 
As a result, the case confidentiality was elevated to the highest level. 
This seemingly simple case of a girl jumping off a building unveiled a massive corruption and collusion scandal involving officials and businessmen. 
Not only was the Special Unit on its way, but even the International Criminal Court was prepared. 
Meanwhile, the public opinion achestrated by the perpetrators continued to 
ferment. 
Kenton was only interested in the results. 
The efficiency of Adrien Meyer, Kenton’s secretary, was impressive. “Mr. Wray, we’ve located Vanessa Chadwick’s family. They are on their way to Hawford.” 
“Did they agree to the conditions?” Kenton asked as he fastened his cufflinks. 
Adrien nodded. “They agreed. They’ve seen the comments online. 
“Although they are heartbroken over their daughter’s death, they also feel ashamed. After all, they come from a small town. It’s said that the neighbors are quite curious about their family. 
“The elderly couple’s lives have been affected because of this. When the police went to pick them up, Vanessa’s father didn’t bring anything with him and simply got in the car.” 
“Raising a daughter like that… If it were me, I wouldn’t want to acknowledge her, either.” Kenton sighed dramatically as he adjusted his tie in front of the mirror. “It’s better to take the money and have a comfortable retirement. 
“Make sure everything goes smoothly. When the couple arrives in Hawford, I want reporters there. And as usual, don’t use our people.” 
“Understood.” Adrien nodded. 
Adrien was about to leave when Kenton was reminded of something. “What’s my sister up to lately?” 
“Ms. Wray? She’s probably busy with the club.” 
Kenton’s expression turned contemptuous upon hearing Adrien’s words. “How many times have I told her? Her priority should be strengthening ties with the Whitmans. 
“She’s really all brawn and no brains. She couldn’t compete with Marie back in her school days and is still as stupid as ever.” 
Adrien remained silent. After all, he shouldn’t comment on his employer’s family. But he had to admit, some of Lynette’s actions were indeed baffling. 
Lynette had been married before to someone within the constitution. The Wray family arranged the marriage to facilitate land acquisition for their projects. 
However, after the wedding, Lynette looked down on her husband, considering him a man who worked a dead–end job. 
Despite the benefits to the Wrays, she felt that he was of no use anymore. Compared to others, her marriage was like a tomb. 
A proper divorce would have been acceptable if that was what she felt about her marriage. But she continued relentlessly humiliating her husband. She took advantage of the influence the Wrays had and disregarded everything. 
Her actions infuriated her in–laws to the point of hospitalization, and she even brought a male escort into their home. Naturally, her husband’s family was outraged and demanded that Kenton take Lynette away. 
It was only because of the Wray family’s rising influence that her ex–husband remained silent and quietly finalized the divorce. He made it clear they didn’t want any future disturbances to their elderly family members. 
Lynette didn’t take it seriously initially. To her, she had finally rid herself of a useless husband, who had been a humiliation and an obstacle to her romantic prospects. 
###chapter1231
Chapter 1231 Lingering Influence 
“Go remind Lynette to prepare some gifts to send to the Gibson family.” 
Speaking of this, Kenton’s expression turned somewhat sour. 
“After all, we used to be in–laws. We can’t become enemies. My brother–in–law 
is indeed lucky. He’s risen quite a bit with a big figure supporting him. 
“This current project relies heavily on him. If we secure it, the Chamber of Commerce will naturally belong to the Wray family. 
“Tell my foolish sister that she’s caused enough trouble for the Wray family. She should apologize and resolve it herself. She knows very well how she got 
that club of hers.” 
Adrien nodded. 
On the surface, Hawford seemed unchanged ever since the Quinnells prepared to return. However, some small businesses had indeed changed, though it was hard to pinpoint what exactly was different. 
Adrien felt the Quinnell family’s lingering influence. However, he was unsure how to bring this up to Kenton. After all, if any incriminating evidence was found at the bar, the Wray family wouldn’t be left unscathed. 
Fortunately, everything seemed under control. Once the bar reopened, people would quickly forget about the incident. 
Meanwhile, at the crime scene, someone rushed over to Wynter and spoke urgently, “The victim’s family has arrived and is refusing an autopsy. 
“They said according to their local custom, a girl who has been away from home for too long needs to be brought back as soon as possible.” 
“Do they want to take her back when the case isn’t solved yet?” The investigators were puzzled. 
Wynter raised her eyes slightly but otherwise showed no reaction. 
The messenger also looked troubled. “Yes, they wouldn’t listen to us. They kept saying their daughter was already gone. They don’t want her to suffer anymore. 
Chapter 1231 Langering Intence 
“The autopsy is crucial for solving the case. How is it considered additional suffering?” 
The messenger shook his head and opened his mouth, wanting to say more, but Wynter interrupted. 
“I’ll go meet them.” Wynter removed her gloves and glanced back. “Preserve the scene, and don’t let any information leak. If anyone else shows up, don’t stop them. Everyone, wear plain clothes, and don’t get noticed.” 
“Understood.” 
The investigators greatly respected Wynter ever since she demonstrated her skills multiple times. They regarded her as their commander after learning that she was from the Special Unit. 
What was surprising this time was that Dalton did not follow Wynter when she left. Instead, he stayed in the bar’s lobby. 
The crow was still tethered there. He couldn’t fly away because the rope tying him down was made using the Arcane Way. 
Although Wynter stopped Wolf from roasting and eating him, she also 
restricted his freedom. He had become almost like an exhibit, with everyone 
who entered the bar glancing at him. 
The crow was feeling stifled. Only after Wynter left did he finally get a chance to look at Dalton openly. After all, he had sensed the presence of Dalton’s soul fragments nearby since the very beginning. 
Not just the crow but even Wolf had felt something familiar in the 
surroundings. However, without memories, Wolf couldn’t pinpoint the source of this familiarity. 
Upon finding what he was searching for, he rushed over to find Wynter. However, after looking around, he failed to find her. Instead, he found Dalton, who he usually kept his distance from. 
With no one else to ask, Wolf turned to Dalton. He raised his hands and 
gestured, inquiring about Wynter’s whereabouts. 
“She’s busy with other matters. She left you in my care and told me to tell you to listen to me,” Dalton said nonchalantly. He locked eyes with Wolf, as if 
saw the familles gratus 
who wouldve fought he wen Th 
Buttons d’ancar outouder the tan where The Shadows from the Manwont fende 
Well was swarowed de ces from ploder 
Baton acred Bank, he wie gradive souting a grassica of nodality late 
Wolf ware misle migre, jo koene lut gaught by the grow, we are qu 
– 
###chapter1232
Chapter 1232 Bribery 
wouldn’t be able to eat him. 
Dalton threw a handkerchief into the trash. “He won’t be able to fly away.” 
2/2 
Wolf looked between Dalton and the crow, who was panting for air. Finally, he decided to trust Dalton. After all, if the crow got lost, Dalton would pay him. 
The crow was feeling truly exhausted. Fortunately, Wolf was easily swayed by money. After everyone left, the erow finally spoke up, “My lord, I can sense your presence here.” 
Dalton responded with a hum. With a wave of his hand, the rope binding the crow loosened automatically. 
The crow felt he must have been dazed by Wolf. He had forgotten that Dalton could sense his own soul fragments. However, he was still confused as to why Dalton’s soul fragment would appear in such a place. 
“My lord, could it be that you didn’t follow Ms. Quinnell because you wanted Wolf to pinpoint the exact location?” 
Dalton didn’t deny it. His eyes flickered in the dim light. It was impossible to know what he was thinking. 
The crow flew on Dalton’s right side, following him wherever he went. If the investigators saw this scene, it would definitely leave their jaws hanging. 
The sight resembled a scene straight out of a comic book–a man in a dark suit walking down the vintage hallway in Emstia, his cold, pale skin contrasting with the black feather resting on his finger. 
The demonic energy was palpable. 
At the end of the hallway, apart from leading to another building, it was also connected to an unexpected place. There, a seal emitted thick black mist, representing an indelible resentful energy. 
If one looked closer, one could even catch a glimpse of the 12 Courts of the 
Underworld. 
At 2:20 pm, Wynter arrived at the forensic identification center. Before even entering the room, she could hear a loud commotion. 
“I’ve already said we want to take our daughter home!” 
###chapter1233
Chapter 1233 Something More than Feeling Inadequate 
Such a huge commotion was sure to draw a crowd. 
Steve Chadwick sat on the ground. “Everyone, come see for yourselves. I can’t even take my own daughter back. They’re also pushing me!” 
Sometimes, reasoning with such people was difficult. Nowadays, everyone could record videos. Hence, law enforcers must be mindful of their actions. 
Being too forceful was not an option, especially when the other party had legitimate reasons. 
People started to gather. Some were taking pictures, while others discussed 
the situation. 
“It’s not that you can’t take her back. It’s just that the case isn’t solved yet.” 
Steve was clearly frustrated. “You brought us here and told us that my daughter went to a bar and ended up jumping down a building. Everyone knows about it now, yet you’re telling me the case isn’t solved. Is this how you 
people do things? 
“Yes, sure! We’re poor, and our lives are worthless. But you can’t treat us like 
this!” 
The reason why Steve would say such a thing was because the law 
enforcement officers had told them to find a place to stay while they waited for the investigation to progress before deciding on an autopsy. 
It sounded like a joke to him. Did these government officials know how much it cost to stay one night in Hawford? It truly was easy to talk when they weren’t 
the ones suffering. 
When the police car arrived earlier today, many people laughed at them. His daughter was already gone, and now the whole ordeal was being publicized. 
They could no longer stay in their hometown. In just an hour, many people had come by to ask them how they felt having raised such a daughter. 
There were even people who asked, “Did you not give your daughter enough money? Is that why she had to go to bar meet scions?” 
Chapter 1233 Something More than Feeling inadequate 
2/3 
Steve indeed didn’t have much education. But he believed he never lacked in providing for Vanessa. He never expected her to change so much. 
Who would want to believe their daughter was the “bar girl who jumped” that was being discussed online? But when reality stared them in the face, they had no choice but to accept it. 
Steve’s current thoughts were simple. He just wanted to quickly take his daughter home. 
The insurance company had also called. They said that Vanessa had bought insurance long ago. 
They would be eligible to receive one million dollars in compensation if her death was ruled an accident and her cremation and funeral were conducted within the stipulated time. 
One million dollars. How many years would it take for people who came from such a small place to earn that amount? 
Vanessa was gone, and Steve was indeed heartbroken. But soon, that pain slowly diminished and was overshadowed by mockery and gossip. 
He even started questioning himself. How did he raise such a daughter? 
Going to a bar to find a scion, getting slept with by some unknown person, then having an accident because she couldn’t handle it. 
Vanessa’s parents had worked honestly all their lives. How did their daughter end up like this? 
Wynter stood among the crowd as this happened. Her focus was different from others. 
She was watching Astrid Cortney, who was beside Steve, her head hung low. She had tanned skin and wore loose clothes. No one knew what she was looking at. 
Astrid hadn’t spoken a word since the beginning. She would occasionally lift her eyes, but her expression was empty. 
“Mrs. Chadwick, please persuade Mr. Chadwick. We are doing this for your daughter’s sake. Don’t you want to know why your daughter jumped?” 
Chapter 1233 Something More than Feeling Inadequate 
3/33 
Astrid seemed to have heard the officer’s words yet also not at the same time. She simply shook her head. “No more suffering. We don’t want her to suffer anymore.” 
Steve was furious as she tugged at Astrid. “Why are you wasting your saliva on 
them?” 
###chapter1234
Chapter 1234 Failure as Parents 
Astrid shrank back and reverted to her timid self. Nevertheless, she never stopped saying, “No more suffering.” 
This was a heart–wrenching scene. 
If Vanessa’s parents took her body away, some evidence would be lost. Despite the clear explanations, it seemed like Steve and Astrid just didn’t understand. The young law enforcement officers were getting anxious. 
But did they really not understand? 
Wynter noticed the phone that Astrid was clutching onto. The phone kept lighting up with new messages. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow and stepped forward. “Mr. and Mrs. Chadwick, right?” 
“Who are you?” Astrid frowned. 
Wynter lied, “I’m Vanny’s classmate.” 
9 
Upon hearing this, Steve and Astrid exchanged a glance. They had heard that Vanessa went to the bar because she was led there by her classmates. 
Hence, their attitude toward Wynter was very hostile. “A classmate? Students like you are just a bad influence nowadays. It’s all about plastic surgery and partying every day.” 
Wynter remained silent. 
Steve seemed to have recalled something. “The whole school must know by now, saying that Vanny went to places like that to find a scion! I regret allowing her to attend that school!” 
Astrid couldn’t help but steal a few glances at her phone as she listened. 
Wynter could clearly see the lock screen on Astrid’s phone from her angle. It showed a very harmonious family of three. 
The child stood in the middle with the parents on either side. Their eyes were filled with love and joy. 
However, Vanessa was not in the photo. Instead, standing in the middle was a 
boy, who, judging by his age, must be Vanessa’s younger brother. 
“Officers, we need to take Vanny home. We have matters to attend to. We have no ion to the case being ruled as a suicide.” Astrid seemed extremely disappointed with Vanessa. 
She continued, “We taught her what she should and shouldn’t do when she was still at home. One wrong step and everything went astray. This is all fate.” 
At this point, there was not much left to be said. 
The onlookers realized from the conversation that these were Vanessa’s parents, and they couldn’t help but feel a little sympathetic. 
Just as the officers thought it was hopeless, new classified information about the case came in. “Mr. and Mrs. Chadwick, you cannot take the victim away yet. 
Astrid and Steve, who were already packing their stuff, looked extremely upset upon hearing this. “Why not?” 
“New evidence has emerged in the case. We need your cooperation for further investigation.” 
9 
Their tone was much firmer this time. After all, they were a lot more confident now that they’d received instructions. 
Wynter had arranged for the new case classification document to be sent before she arrived. The timing was perfect. It would no longer matter how much Steve protested now. 
Astrid suddenly rushed over to one of the officers when she realized she couldn’t take Vanessa’s body away. 
“You are such a busybody. My daughter is dead, and we just want her to rest in peace. Your actions show that you are indifferent to how we feel.” 
Her fierce expression was entirely at odds with her earlier silence. In fact, it was Steve who pulled her back and gave her a meaningful look. 
It was at this moment when Wynter spoke, “Mr. and Mrs. Chadwick, don’t you want to find out the truth about Vanessa’s death? Why are you so reluctant to investigate further for evidence?” 
The word “evidence” stopped Astrid and Steve in their tracks. 
e 
Chapt 1234 Failure as Parents 
Others also began to wonder. “Yeah… Why do they seem so eager to believe their daughter committed suicide?” 
###chapter1235
Chapter 1235 Parents 
Steve and Astrid were able to cause such a commotion earlier because they exploited their vulnerable image. Now, with Wynter’s question, people’s 
thoughts were brought back to track. 
“I noticed that Mrs. Chadwick’s phone was constantly ringing. The notifications were from the insurance company.” 
Wynter’s experience with various cases had taught her the outrageous things people could do when money was involved. 
“Did Vanny have an accidental death insurance policy in her own name?” Wynter stepped closer. “Did the insurance company tell you there’s a payout now that Vanny is gone? Are they urging you to claim it quickly?” 
These few sentences made Astrid’s and Steve’s expressions change 
drastically. They grew even more nervous considering Wynter had said she 
was Vanessa’s classmate. 
Vanessa might have mentioned the insurance to her friends. How else would Wynter know so much? 
People around them began to pick up on the implications of Wynter’s words. 
“Are they in such a rush to claim the insurance money?” one person speculated. 
“These parents are something else,” another remarked. 
Astrid’s expression twisted with anger as she glared at Wynter venomously after hearing the murmurs around her. 
“You! Young lady! What nonsense are you spouting about? What insurance? I don’t know anything about that! I haven’t answered any of those calls!” 
“Mrs. Chadwick, there will be records on whether you’ve answered the calls or not.” Wynter’s eyes were dark. “Vanny just passed away. What parents wouldn’t want to find out the truth? Mrs. Chadwick, you seem a bit too eager.” 
Astrid took a deep breath and clutched her hands tightly. Suddenly, she started hitting her thighs and wailed. “You are falsely accusing me! My daughter just died! I’m more heartbroken than anyone! 
1233 P 
212 
“Would any of this have happened if it weren’t for you guys dragging her to that bar? Now, you’re talking about insurance! How would a rural woman with no education like me know anything about that?” 
“You wouldn’t have set a reminder if you didn’t know.” Wynter shot back, getting straight to the point. “You’re in a hurry to get the insurance money. Why? Because your son needs it?” 
Wynter made this guess based on the initial investigation of Vanessa’s phone records. Although she hadn’t directly mentioned her family, it was clear from her messages that she envied other people’s families. 
For instance, in her chats with Hazel, she often said things like, “I wish my dad was like Uncle Dylan. Hazel, don’t always ask your dad for money. I can see that he is tired.” 
It wasn’t common for people from happy families to say such things. 
Moreover, Vanessa often mentioned feeling very tired and would rather stay in Hawford to work during the holidays than go home. 
Wynter hadn’t understood why Vanessa would say she was tired until she saw the family photo. In this family, it was clear that their son came first. 
Sure enough, Astrid’s face twisted further in anger. “How do you know about my son? Was that girl complaining again? 
“I knew we shouldn’t have allowed her to go to school. She tells everyone we’re unfair and that we favor her brother! We raised her for so many years, and this is how she repays us!” 
“Enough, stop talking.” Steve intervened from the side. 
Astrid shoved his hand away. “Look at what she’s been doing! She’s been telling everyone we’re bad parents! We raised her for more than ten years, and this is how she repays us! 
“She’s still bringing us shame even after her death! She went to a bar and threw herself at men! What did she want in return? How could she be so shameless?” 
###chapter1236
Chapter 1236 As You Wish 
Such unrestrained shouting and cursing shocked everyone around. 
No one could believe that a mother would speak about her daughter in such a manner. It was far too viscous and beyond what people expected. 
Yet, Wynter remained unchanged, her demeanor calm throughout. 
Wynter even responded to Astrid’s outburst with complete calmness. “She wouldn’t have died if she had no dignity. Did you ask what she wanted in 
return? 
“Of course, it was to give you money. If you weren’t biased, then why did your son receive 150 dollars for allowance, while your daughter only got 15? That is a huge difference.” 
Astrid gritted her teeth. “My son has a bigger appetite. Can’t I give him more? Sure, she gave us money, but we never forced her!” 
“You didn’t force her to give you honey, but you constantly told her she 
shouldn’t be in school and that a girl should get married early.” 
Wynter’s voice was steady and unruffled. Yet, her words hit hard. It left Astrid speechless, choking her into silence. 
It became clear to everyone what was really going on. 
The couple’s favoritism toward their son and their desire to claim the insurance money were the real reasons behind their urgency to take Vanessa’s body. It wasn’t because they wanted her to rest in peace. 
Vanessa wasn’t a completely blameless victim, but her desperation for money stemmed entirely from her family’s situation. With parents like hers, how could any daughter be happy? 
Due to her lack of love, she would put all her guard down and consider people her best friends whenever they were even slightly kind to her. 
Wynter knew why this couple was here at this moment. She raised her eyes and said, “It was true that Vanny wanted money, but she didn’t randomly sleep with people. Her jumping shows that it wasn’t consensual. 
Chapter 1236 As You Wish 
212 
“She must have resisted. While her intentions might not earn much sympathy, the fact remains that the truth isn’t as the internet portrays.” 
“Can the truth put food on the table? We are old now. We can’t handle this like you young people can. I still need my reputation!” Astrid was furious at Wynter, who was meddling with her situation. 
Astrid tapped her own face and spat out her words, “I’m taking my daughter home today! Go ahead and arrest me if you have the guts!” 
Wynter’s eyes darkened. “As you wish.” 
Her voice was so low that Astrid didn’t hear her clearly. 
Suddenly, a group of young people in plain clothes approached and swiftly 
handcuffed her. 
Astrid was dumbfounded. She hadn’t expected to be actually arrested. 
Initially, people might have sympathized with her, but now they had seen through their act. The couple truly didn’t deserve to be parents. 
There were the Wray family’s people amongst the crowd. The couple’s appearance here had been orchestrated by the Wrays. 
After all, tracing back to the Wrays directly would be challenging due to the layers of intermediaries involved. 
Their goal was to have Steve and Astrid admit that Vanessa was desperate enough to do anything for money. 
Even if the police uncovered something suspicious about her death, it would merely seem like a misunderstanding that could be resolved privately without any lasting impact. 
But they had to report this issue to their superiors now that Vanessa’s parents 
had been arrested. 
Upon hearing the news, Adrien’s face paled. He walked in and interrupted the meeting that Kenton was in. He leaned close to Kenton’s ear and quietly explained the situation to him. 
Kenton simply said, “Adjourn the meeting.” He then stood up and strode purposefully toward his office before a loud bang was heard. 
###chapter1237
Chapter 1237 Streak of Bad Luck 
Kenton slammed his phone onto the desk. 
“Didn’t you say things would go smoothly? How did the couple end up getting arrested?” Kenton was so furious that he was getting a headache. 
He had been irritable during the conference earlier. Some investors who had previously decided to increase their funding for his ventures had suddenly become hesitant and decided to wait and see before making a decision. 
Kenton couldn’t understand it. How could any other family compete with the Wray family? Moreover, everything had been going well in their discussions. Now, suddenly, everything had fallen apart. 
He was understandably bitter. What was even more baffling was that some investors he had good relations with asked him, “Have you offended anyone recently?” 
Offend someone? People should be worried about offending the Wray family, not the other way around! 
Well, perhaps the Quinnell family was an exception. He had investigated this 
as well. 
Albert was reputed as a rising star in Winnow Street’s venture capital scene. He excelled at helping the company buy funds and stocks, never failing once. 
But that was just stock trading and investment. It wouldn’t make investors back off suddenly. Other than Albert, there was no one else in the Quinnell family involved in such matters. 
Kenton felt like he was on a streak of bad luck, with one problem after another coming his way. “Didn’t you teach them how to cause a scene?” 
-Adrien paced closer. “I did. It was working well initially. According to those on the scene, a female student was meddling and exposing the Chadwick family. After that, no one sympathized with them anymore.” 
“A female student?” Kenton found it hard to believe. “How would she know 
about the Chadwicks‘ situation?” 
“They say she was a classmate of the deceased girl and had heard a lot about 
Chapter 1237 Streak of Bad Luck 
2/2 
the family. The most significant issue was that the couple foolishly checked their insurance messages on their phones right at the gate. 
“That was how the girl managed to see the screen and expose their intentions 
on the spot.” 
How incredibly stupid! 
Kenton’s expression grew darker with Adrien’s words. “Things will get 
complicated with them arrested. That couple could ruin everything for us. Find 
connections and think of a way to get them out.” 
The insurance situation shouldn’t have been known to anyone. If Astrid or Steve spilled something detrimental under police custody, it would cause big problems! 
Who was this meddling girl? She was infuriating! 
He feared that the case of Vanessa, a mere girl from the poor, could expose all of Club Solstice’s affairs. 
Kenton squinted and felt less secure for the first time. “Get more people to check the club. Find out what’s really happening.” 
: 
Meanwhile, in the depths of Club Solstice, the crow was flying ahead, but he, seemed to hit an invisible barrier. 
No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t get through and eventually returned to Dalton’s shoulder. “My lord, we really can’t get in. We need a cultivator to open 
it.” 
The crow observed Dalton’s expression as he spoke, “It wouldn’t be safe to bring just anyone. After all, part of your soul is in there. 
“Bringing Ms. Quinnell would be safest. After all, the Celestial Dragon listens to her now, and Wolf is by her side. It won’t be dangerous.” 
The crow was driven by his ambitions. He hoped for Dalton to return to how he was before his slumber. 
However, Dalton remained silent. He seemed to be contemplating through the endless black mist. It seemed as though he was unwilling to destroy what he had now. 
###chapter1238
Chapter 1238 Meet Them Tomorrow 
At the same time, Wynter had already arranged for others to attend to the interrogations. Her identity made it unsuitable for her to reappear. 
Soon enough, the Chadwick couple confessed. They mentioned receiving a call from the insurance company this morning. The company reminded them of a policy worth one million dollars and urged them not to miss the claim period. 
The policy and the insurance company were legitimate, but the people handling the claim were a different case. 
The Wray family had been cautious. This made it difficult to find a breakthrough in a single day. 
Following the methods provided by Wolf, the tech department managed to recover the call data. The content was indeed mind–blowing. 
However, aside from Sky’s unaltered voice, the others had used voice changers. Hence, it was hard to identify them without sound wave analyses! 
The breakthrough lay in the individual from the video. Diluc Huddleston, a 
member of the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce, was admired as a 
financial magnate and had even been named a philanthropist. 
Reports praised him for embodying the spirit of the Chamber of Commerce as he had always helped young people and supported many underprivileged students. It was thanks to him that some people were able to attend college. 
Wynter’s eyes grew colder as she reviewed his credentials. 
The spirit of the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce? Gordon’s original intent in founding the Chamber had been completely destroyed by these people. They were even dominating the market in the Chamber’s name! 
Wynter knew that the more people were involved in the case, the wiser it would be to not take them all down at once in a short period. 
Each of them had their own intricate network of connections. If they sensed any danger, the Wray family might be able to escape unscathed. 
Besides this “bride selection bar“, which preyed on scions for profit and 
pleasure, there were certainly other undiscovered places. 
When a cockroach appeared in the open, it meant there were already heaps of them hidden in the dark. 
“Boss, we’ve checked the records and found no traces. Their precautions are very thorough.” 
“Y is still investigating. She mentioned having a lead.” 
The Special Unit had various talents, particularly in forensic science. However, Y was extremely introverted and avoided communication. She also spoke very slowly. 
She was petite and wore black–framed glasses. Investigators often found themselves feeling anxious during interactions with her given how slowly she talked. 
Wynter approached her and handed her a piece of paper along with a pen. Write down what you’ve found.” 
Y felt relieved and quickly jotted down her findings. “The victim resisted before death. Though the traces were faint, I found clothing fibers and rust from the railing in her fingernails. 
“I suspect she didn’t intend to commit suicide but was surprised at the intimate position. In her panic, she stepped back and accidentally fell while struggling. They were likely by the window. Boss, you understand, right?” 
The investigators were stunned. 
“I understand.” Wynter raised her chin slightly. “Continue.” 
Y’s voice was soft. “There was a period when her body’s metabolism accelerated significantly. 
“I conducted a blood analysis, and it closely resembles a previously banned hallucinogenic drug. I recall we cracked down on a batch of it from abroad before.” 
“Quite the coincidence.” Wynter’s lips curled into a cold smirk. “Submit your report to Mr. Preston, and tell him to grant me the highest level of 
confidentiality for this case.” 
Y’s eyes sparkled. “Understood!” 
Chapter 1238 Meet Them Tomorrow 
3/3 
She continued, “Boss, there were also faint traces of subcutaneous tissues under the victim’s fingernails. I compared it with the DNA database but found no matches. Do you have a way to identify it?” 
The investigators thought that was the main concern. 
“Yes.” Wynter casually placed her hand in her pocket and took an item out. “I’ll meet them tomorrow.” 
###chapter1239
Chapter 1239 Put on the Mask
"Meet them?" The investigators hesitated. "They're not easy to meet. Shouldn't we apply for an official request to get in touch with them?" After all, their identities were not simple.
Wynter held her phone with a single hand, seemingly sending a text. "No need for that. There's a meeting we'll be attending together."
What kind of meeting would allow her to meet with such people? The investigators were shocked.
Y was used to Wynter's ways. She seized the moment and asked, "Boss, while you're at it, can you get hair samples from those you suspect? That way, I won't have to go through the trouble of finding them."
"Sure." Wynter put her phone away. "I will leave this place to you guys. You know the principles."
Y was excited and adjusted her glasses. "Treat everyone who tries to bail them out as suspects and bring them in."
The investigators were speechless. Was this how the Special Unit operated? They were so bold. "Watch closely. The skies over Hawford are about to change," Wynter said.
An old detective watched Wynter's departing figure. He carefully placed the report aside, his eyes with hope.
filled
Meanwhile, Lynette had been troubled enough these past few days. To top it off, Kenton insisted she curry favor with the Whitman family.
She couldn't understand it. With the Wray family's current status, why did they still need to appease the Whitman family? It seemed unnecessary.
Yet, here she was, often asked to move around. She had to listen to lectures about how if she hadn't offended her ex-husband, that country bumpkin, things wouldn't be as they were now.
The thing she hated most was people bringing up her previous marriage.
Her ex-husband had nothing but terrible taste. She had only reluctantly agreed to the marriage for the Wray family's sake. Yet, Kenton kept bringing it up, which made her exasperated.
Lynette held an umbrella as she entered Quaint Villa. Despite its modest size and landscape compared to some villas, it had a greater value.
The sycamore trees inside might have been 100 years old. The Frendan-style architecture, paired with blooming roses, was serene and picturesque. It was reminiscent of old Hawford posters.
Although Lynette didn't like visiting the Whitmans, she had always hoped to have a mansion like Quaint Villa.
With bodyguards carrying gifts behind her, she composed herself and walked in with a smile.
Upon seeing Lynette, a maid from the Whitman family, Emma Stanton, quickly opened the door. "Ms. Wray, what brings you here today?" Her tone was filled with surprise.
"Nothing much. I just thought I'd check on Mr. Whitman Senior." Lynette put away her umbrella. Her demeanor was gentle and elegant, starkly different from her usual self at the club.
"Mr. Whitman Senior is reading in the study. He'll be thrilled to know you're here. I just brewed some rose tea. Please, have a seat, Ms. Wray."
Emma was very friendly. Just as she handed over the teacup, an elderly, slightly hoarse voice came from the third floor. "Lynette, you're here."
Reuben smiled. It was obvious he was not in the best of health as his face was showing signs of fatigue. "Mr. Reuben, please sit down." Lynette caringly stepped forward to help Reuben into a seat.
She continued, "I just had my brother bring back some supplements from abroad. There are century-old root herbs and other herbal medicines to help you regain your strength."
She instructed her subordinates to present the gifts as she finished speaking. Emma readily accepted them. Reuben glanced at the herbal medicines in Emma's hands. He coughed a few times amid his smile.
"You're so thoughtful, Lynette. Over the years, you're the only one who still brings me such supplements from time to time. The others have long forgotten me."
###chapter1240

Chapter 1240 Reuben's Condition
"Mr. Reuben, what are you saying? Marie and I are closer than sisters. I've been coming to the Whitman residence to play since I was a child, and you've always treated me like one of your own.
"I was just worried people would say I was overreaching. Now that the Wray family has risen, I finally feel confident enough not to worry about that," Lynette spoke skillfully.
People tended to value family ties more as they aged, and Reuben was no exception.
He used to have his wife, Isabella Gomez, and grandchildren for company in Quaint Villa. After the many incidents, the house had become much quieter.
Now, hearing Lynette's words, a flicker of emotion crossed his eyes.
Just then, Marlon returned home. He seemed like he brought a lot of news. However, he realized something and stopped short when he saw Lynette.
On the contrary, Lynette greeted him warmly, "Marlon, you're back."
Marlon smiled faintly. "Yes."
"Marlon, have you been busy lately?" Lynette was trying to fish for information.
Marlon, however, had no intention of discussing work. He merely nodded slightly before turning to Reuben. "Dad, how have you been feeling recently?"
"Not bad," Reuben replied. Though in truth, his health had been declining.
Reuben knew that everyone must face death eventually. No one could stay in this world forever as they grew older.
However, his sons were constantly trying to extend his time. Even his bedroom was equipped with oxygen and nebulizer machines.
Marlon could tell that Reuben was merely trying to reassure him. His eyes darkened slightly. "Dad, I've contacted Dr. Campbell from abroad, and he'll be visiting Cascadia soon. I'll do my best to schedule a surgery for you."
"I thought it was hard to schedule an appointment with him."
Although Reuben had not left the house for a long time, he was still well-informed about international affairs.
"Moreover, didn't he say he wouldn't treat Cascadians? If that's the case, we shouldn't be so eager to flatter someone who despises us."
Reuben seemed very displeased as he said that. The older generation was very patriotic. He didn't want Evan Campbell's treatment upon hearing that he looked down on Cascadians.
However, Lynette spoke up, "Mr. Reuben, patients should never reject a doctor's help. Nothing is more important than your life. With Ms. Isabella gone, you must not be stubborn."
Isabella Gomez's death was a deep wound for the entire Whitman family, partly due to unspoken reasons related to Marie. For many years, no one had mentioned it in front of the Whitmans.
Lynette quickly corrected herself as she realized the weight of her words, "What I mean is, Evan isn't how you think he is. There are misunderstandings about him. He just doesn't like the fact that our people can sometimes be too brusque.
"You are a distinguished person, so he will surely respect you. You'll change your mind about him once
you meet him."
Lynette didn't want Reuben to cancel his treatment. Evan's visit to Cascadia was arranged by Kenton. He was a foreign doctor closely associated with the Wray family.
Kenton mentioned that if Evan successfully treated Reuben, the Whitmans would owe the Wrays a huge favor.
Then, the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce would be firmly under the Wray family's control.
###chapter1241
Chapter 1241 Nothing to Do with the Whitmans Anyn 
Chapter 1241 Nothing to Do with the Whitmans Anymore 
“Lynette, I appreciate your kindness, but look at me. I’m already one foot in the grave. Whether I live long or not, we should let nature take its course.” 
Reuben smiled kindly, though it was impossible to tell what he truly thought. 
However, Reuben’s demeanor made Lynette find him difficult to deal with. 
For years, she had treated him like her own father, yet he always seemed to keep her at arm’s length. He appeared friendly but never truly listened to her. 
Lynette lowered her gaze and suppressed the urge to roll her eyes, her mind full of calculations. When she looked up again, her expression had changed to one of sadness. 
“Mr. Reuben, if you continue like this, Marie will surely blame me for not taking good care of you for her when she returns. After all, when Ms. Isabella…” Lynette smartly stopped there. 
The mention of old wounds caused Marlon’s eyes to darken. For many years now, he had been avoiding thoughts of his once–beloved sister. After all, Marie’s actions had changed the Whitman family forever. 
Considering this and the recent news, Marlon spoke in a low voice, “Lynette, if you’re here to plead for her, you can forget it. 
“She is no longer part of the Whitman family, just as she wished. When my mother went to Kingbourne to see her, she shut the door in her face. 
“From that day on, my mother was depressed and soon passed away. On her deathbed, she told us not to blame Marie. We can choose not to blame her, but that doesn’t erase the past.” 
Lynette knew that Marie was the Achilles heel of the Whitman family. 
Over the years, she had subtly reminded the Whitmans about Marie from time to time. Only then will the effect she wanted be evident. She simply didn’t want the Whitmans to forget the harm Marie had caused them. 
At this point, Reuben understood something from their conversation. “Has Marie returned?” he asked weakly while coughing heavily. 
Chapter 1241 Nothing to Do with the Will 
Marlon remained silent. 
Lynette quickly interjected, “Yes, Mr. Reuben. Did you not know? Not only Marie, but even Wynter has come back. 
“I remember how fond you were of her when she was born. She’s quite formidable now, having taken over the Quinnell family. Has she not come to visit you?” 
Marlon’s gaze hardened at Reuben’s troubled expression. “It seems the 
Whitman family is still not important enough in the Quinnells‘ eyes. We dare not to trouble them.” 
Hearing this, Lynette added fuel to the fire. “Marlon, I must say something about Wynter. How could she be busy with other things instead of visiting you guys when she arrived in Hawford? 
“If this gets out, it will surely embarrass you. You are her grandfather and uncle, after all. 
“Even if Marie has severed ties, blood is thicker than water. For Wynter to neglect you like this is disrespectful. I don’t know how the Quinnell family raised her,” she concluded, feigning indignation as if she were part of the Whitmans. 
Marlon and Reuben exchanged looks. They had to agree with Lynette. Although they had cut ties with Marie, Wynter was still part of the Whitmans. 
Ever since Marie’s divorce from Shane, Fabian had occasionally tried to mend fences, but there was always a barrier. 
It all stemmed from Marie’s words to Isabella. “I’ve married into the Quinnell family. I have nothing to do with the Whitmans anymore!” 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
X 
###chapter1242
Claim 
Chapter 1242 Make the Whitmans Give In 
Chapter 1242 Make the Whitmans Give In 
These words undoubtedly added fuel to the fire. How could a daughter not think of visiting her father? 
Lynette didn’t mention a single word about Marie seeking her out. She did this intentionally, even spreading the word to ensure everyone was cautious not to spill the beans. 
The Wray family, of course, wouldn’t speak openly about this matter. 
They would only say, “This is the Whitmans‘ private matter. All is good when we say the right things, but if we say something wrong, we’ll be blamed by both sides. 
“After all, it’s hard for an outsider to judge family affairs. If the Whitman family is unhappy, it could harm our relationship.” 
With the Wray family avoiding involvement, others were even less likely to push themselves forward. As the Wray family said, there was no need to risk upsetting the Whitman family. 
9 
Moreover, given the current situation in the Chamber of Commerce, they weren’t particularly eager to see Marie reconcile with the Whitmans. 
The truth was, Marie had visited the Whitman residence once. The reason they didn’t know about her visit was due to internal issues within the Whitman household. 
Marlon was unaware of this as he had been traveling far and wide, tirelessly searching for a doctor who could treat Reuben. 
Marlon was exhausted at this point. “Lynette, I know you and Marie are good friends and want to speak on her behalf. You don’t need to make excuses for her. If she wants to come back, she will.” 
Lynette wanted to say more, but Reuben interjected as he gripped his 
handkerchief, his face sallow. “Lynette, I’m old and can’t sit for long periods. Let Emma know what you’d like to eat.” 
With that, Reuben stood up. His hand on the cane was trembling. His age had caught up with him, and his organs were failing. “Marlon, keep Lynette 
Chapter 1242 Make the Whitmans Give In 
company. Kevin, help me.” 
Kevin Hinton, the butler, immediately came to assist Reuben to his room upon hearing him call. 
Lynette’s goal was achieved, so she didn’t see a point in lingering further. Watching Reuben’s frail figure, she remarked sadly, “Mr. Reuben has aged so much these past two years. 
“I still remember the time when nothing could rattle him. He would calmly write calligraphy even if the sky was falling. Now, we’ve grown up, and he has grown old.” 
Lynette knew how to evoke emotions from Marlon. After all, they practically grew up together. 
“Mr. Reuben doesn’t seem to like Dr. Campbell. Do you think he’ll refuse treatment when the doctor arrives?” Lynette continued, asking Marlon tentatively, “Should I ask my brother to hold off for now?” 
“No need to wait. Keep Evan’s appointment. As long as he can help Dad, everything my brother and I promised the Wray family still stands,” Marlon replied calmly, as if discussing a mere transaction. 
Lynette paused briefly before smiling, “Marlon, I see you as an older brother, just like Marie did. 
“You sound upset. Is there a misunderstanding about my brother’s actions in the Chamber of Commerce? He just wants our families to collaborate more closely, nothing else.” 
“Sorry, Lynette. I’ve been worried about Dad’s health and spoke hastily.” Marlon smiled slightly. “It’s normal to have different business philosophies. No hard feelings. 
“We are all aware of how you treat Dad. You’ve brought plenty of herbal 
medicine here. Only when you visit does he feel lively. I should thank you on his behalf.” 
“Marlon, we’re family. Don’t be so formal I used to eat and live in the Whitman residence. When my father hit me, it was Mr. Reuben who intervened. 
“I won’t mention Marie anymore. Dr. Campbell’s schedule is tight, so you need to act quickly.” 
###chapter1243
Chapter 1243 The Wise Reuben 
Chapter 1243 The Wise Reuben 
Marlon nodded as he listened to Lynette’s words. His eyes revealed deeper thoughts as he lowered them. 
Lynette stayed at the Whitman residence just long enough to have a cup of Earl Grey tea and a few pastries before leaving. 
She came and went with a lot of items, as if this was the most normal thing. She was confident that she had handled the situation well. 
Now, the Whitmans were the ones seeking the Wray family’s help to find a doctor. She mused that one day, even Quaint Villa might belong to her. 
Before getting into the car, Lynette took one last look at the rose-covered walls. Even her cosmetically enhanced face was unable to hide her desire. This moment was unseen by anyone. 
On Quaint Villa’s second floor, in the vintage study, Reuben had been sitting by the window since Lynette left. 
He needed his medication. Otherwise, given his earlier condition, he might not have been able to eat anything. 
Marlon knew Reuben was reminiscing again. His wife, Joslyn Avah, had mentioned that Marie seemed different when she visited recently. 
Marlon was torn about whether to take a chance. After all, the past events still 
haunted him. 
He wasn’t the only one who was afraid. Everyone feared that a reunion might do more harm than good when Reuben met her. 
“How long are you going to stand outside?” The raspy voice came from inside. Despite his frail condition, Reuben’s eyes were sharper when outsiders weren’t 
around. 
Knowing that he was caught, Marlon pushed the door and entered. 
“Was inviting Evan Campbell your idea?” Reuben asked with a deep tone. 
Marlon didn’t answer directly but instead glanced at the window. “Dad, you’re catching a chill again. The hospital said you shouldn’t expose yourself to the 
Chapter 1243 The Wise Reuben 
cold.” 
As Marlon moved to close the window, Reuben reached out to stop him. “I’m asking you a question. Was inviting Evan your idea?” 
“Yes.” Marlon lowered his gaze. “Dad, your health can’t wait any longer. He might be unpleasant, but his medical skills are undeniable. 
“He is an expert in his field. Just last month, he managed to cure a patient with a condition similar to yours. Dad, he can heal you!” 
Reuben knew Marlon cared for him deeply. His right hand trembled slightly.” 
My dear son, the Whitman family has been in business for many years. 
“Our ancestors never bowed to foreigners. I won’t be the one to break that tradition just to please a man who called Cascadians pigs just so that I can survive.” 
“Dad, you…” Marlon was surprised Reuben knew so much as the issue hadn’t been widely publicized. 
However, it was indeed true. Evan was indeed anti-Cascadian. 
“He’s always been polite to the Whitman family,” Marlon said as he clenched his fists. “Maybe there’s been a misunderstanding.” 
“Do you even believe what you’re saying?” Reuben looked out the window.” Times have changed, I know. Our business dealings are global now, and it’s always been like this. 
“But when doing business with each other, at the very least, there should be mutual respect. When a foreigner comes to Cascadia and we treat him well, yet he calls us pigs, where’s the misunderstanding in that? I won’t let him treat me.” 
Reuben turned his gaze back to Marlon. “Besides his prejudice, there’s also the Wray family’s matter.” 
Marlon paused, his eyes flickering. “What about the Wrays?” 
“Marlon, do you really think I’m completely oblivious to what’s happening outside? I know the Wray family’s current state well. 
“Did Kenton promise to bring Evan here in exchange for his voting rights in the Chamber of Commerce?” 
###chapter1244
Chapter 1244 Our People Need Us 
Taylor didn’t deny Reuben’s assertion and raised his head instead. “I can’t bear watching you cough up blood all the time. With the Wrays‘ power growing, Kenton will get what he 
wants whether we like it or not.” 
*And will you just let him? I’ve told you countless times–the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce was established to provide our people with necessities during challenging 
times! 
“It is our duty as Cascadia’s businessmen!” Reuben rebuked. He leaned heavily on his dragon cane as his chest heaved with every breath. 
Taylor refuted, “Times have changed, Dad. Look around us–the people’s living conditions are better now. They no longer need our support. Besides, we businessmen are selfish individuals who only seek profit. 
“I understand the Chamber of Commerce might fall into the outsiders‘ hands if we agree to the Wrays‘ proposal. However, they made that choice themselves. They might even think we’re standing in their way to wealth. 
“After all, the substantial gains from foreign investment have caused them to lose sight of their initial aspirations. 
“Noah and I only want what’s best for your health. Since our votes don’t hold much 
significance in influencing the Wrays‘ decisions, agreeing to their proposal might not be such a bad idea.” 
Reuben was infuriated and disappointed by Taylor’s words. However, he understood that Taylor was simply stating the truth and not the one to blame. 
The Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce’s founding aspirations appeared to have 
eroded over time. 
Sinking back into his chair, Reuben slowly questioned, “Do you really believe no one needs our help? 
“If the Wray family can absorb a major company, they can do the same to another. They might show us respect this time, but will that respect last?” 
He continued, “Handing the Chamber of Commerce over to the outsiders places our 
futures in their hands. 
“The Whitman family may faller, but what about the SMEs that struggle to survive in a fluctuating market? With fewer companies around, there will be fewer job opportunities for our people. 
“In the end, local businesses will fade away, leaving our people to work under foreign control. Is that what you wish to see, Taylor?” 
Chap 1244 Our People Need Us 
212 
With a stern expression, Taylor countered, “It won’t be as dire as you think, Dad. These days, foreign companies come with their own set of benefits.” 
Reuben sighed. “You know exactly what I’m talking about, Taylor. I know both you and Noah have been desperately seeking treatment for my failing health. 
“However, I will not accept Evan’s treatment–his prejudiced attitude only incurs my wrath. And I will not become your weakness for the Wrays‘ exploitation.” 
Placing a hand on Taylor’s shoulder, Reuben stated, “I may be old, but my heart remains young. You’ve always been compassionate, Taylor. 
“When we used to load CDs to enjoy movies, I remember how you voiced your disdain toward the arrogant villains in the movie. 
“A person of justice like you will never approve of the Wray family. You’re only working with them for my sake.” 
As Reuben spoke, he coughed harder. He gently patted Taylor’s shoulder and continued, “I know everything, Taylor. I just want you to stay true to your principles. I’ve done my best to live up to our ancestors‘ expectations. 
“But if I become the cause of the family’s historic downfall and the erosion of ethos within. the Chamber of Commerce, my life will be filled with nothing but guilt and remorse.” 
###chapter1245
Chapter 1245 Reuben’s Wisdom 
“It seems that I’ve become a burden to my sons,” Reuben asserted. His words left Taylor stunned. 
Taylor hurriedly assured, “Why would you say that? You’re not a burden at all! Fine, I’ll turn down the Wrays‘ offer and find some other experts to treat you.” 
“Good. That way, I can tell your great–grandpa I didn’t mess up.” Reuben nodded with a smile. However, Taylor wore a somber face as he observed his father’s frail and weakened 
state.. 
Raising his head, Reuben narrated, “Regarding the Quinnells, I stand by my words–don’t let personal grudges sway your vote. 
“Back then, Mr. Gordon single–handedly established the Chamber of Commerce with Grandpa Kieran’s support. 
“They were close like brothers. During the national crisis, they constantly risked their lives to handle negotiations. In particular, Mr. Gordon lashed out at the Foplyan businessmen to save Grandpa Kieran in those critical moments. 
“Instead of submitting to the foreigners‘ oppression, Mr. Gordon provided thousands of Cascadians with nourishing food and worthy jobs. The Chamber of Commerce only came 
into existence because of his dedication.” 
Turning to Taylor with a stern gaze, Reuben continued, “Sevie is coming back to reclaim what rightfully belongs to the Quinnells. As her uncles, you can choose not to help her, but you cannot hinder her.” 
Taylor was surprised to hear the familiar name. Marie was still recuperating after Wynter’s birth, yet the baby had won both Reuben’s and Isabella’s hearts. 
Worried that Wynter might be hungry, Isabella stayed at the Quinnell residence to look after her granddaughter. 
In Taylor’s memories, Wynter was a child with round, sparkling eyes and a smooth, rosy complexion. She wore a tiger–head hat and sucked on her pacifier. 
Upon noticing the Whitmans, she would light up with a radiant smile and stretch out her tiny arms, eager to be held. 
Reuben and Isabella adored her, and Taylor was equally fond of her. Alas, that was all in the past. The ones who loved Wynter most were now gone. 
4. 
Taylor clenched his fists and calmly replied, “I understand. You can rest assured, Dad.” 
“Good… I’m relieved you understand,” Reuben said between coughs. 
With that, Taylor prepared to leave. However, he suddenly stopped in his tracks and turned to Reuben. “You weren’t coughing like that in front of Lynette. Do you suspect her of…” 
Chapter 145 Reubens Windom 
212 
“She’s from the Wray family. You’ve probably forgotten what you said when you were a boy, “Reuben interjected as he glanced at Taylor. 
Taylor was puzzled. Since growing up, he no longer remembered what he said in his early 
years. 
“You said that Lynette refused to leave Marie’s room and asked you to be her brother instead,” Reuben disclosed. 
Taylor was surprised. “Did I really say that?” 
“Indeed. As you age, you’ll start reflecting on the past,” Reuben stated with downcast eyes. 
“Dad, do you miss Marie? How about I arrange a meeting with her for you?” Taylor suggested softly. 
Reuben stiffened at the sudden suggestion but eventually shook his head. The study fell into silence once more, broken only by Reuben’s heavy coughing. 
As Taylor stared at the bloodstained handkerchief, his heart sank. Despite his promise to Reuben, he feared that he might lose the chance to save his father. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1246
Chapter 1246 A Change in Dalton
At the Wray residence, Kenton was on the brink of a breakdown as his plans faced constant disruptions.
To make matters worse, the Whitman family had suddenly reneged on their agreement. Kenton wondered what Lynette had done to bring about such predicaments.
"I didn't expect the Whitmans to break their promise. They gave me their word! That old man is going to end up dying for his troubles!" Lynette argued aggrievedly.
"How are we supposed to manipulate the Whitman brothers if Reuben dies? Use your brains for once!
"And you better clean up the mess at the club. You're doomed if we get dragged into your scandals," Kenton warned angrily over the phone.
Hearing that, Lynette was visibly displeased. "You have some nerve lecturing me like that. You wouldn't have gotten this far if it weren't for my club. Besides, have you forgotten who sowed the seed of vanity into those girls? It was me!"
"Okay, you win. Keep contacting Marie and dig into the Quinnells' situation," Kenton groaned.
He couldn't shake the feeling that he had overlooked something, especially upon discovering his men had lost track of Wynter.
However, Kenton heard that Albert had acquired some stocks and met with several venture capitalists in Hawford.
In the past, Kenton would've been wary of such news. But with Yvette at the helm, he did not need to worry about his investments.
After all, Albert was no match for the prophetic Yvette. Still, Kenton couldn't help but wonder about Wynter's whereabouts.
Believing Kenton was fretting unnecessarily, Lynette gave a dismissive scoff. "How much can a young lady accomplish? Besides, the bodyguards mentioned losing track of her while she was shopping in Riogeb.
"She's probably dazzled by Hawford's splendor and plans to bring home some luxuries. After all, she's just returned from the countryside." "You're underestimating her. She must possess remarkable skills since she took over the Quinnell family.
"Though my friends in Kingborne can't quite identify her capabilities, they've all warned me against starting a conflict with her. They called her a jinx. "So, you better be more cautious and make sure no one finds any dirt on you," Kenton warned with narrowed eyes.
Lynette scoffed disdainfully, "Right back at you. With such a major incident at Club Solstice, it would be disastrous if your friends were discovered. One arrest could unravel the entire criminal network!"
Kenton had always been annoyed with Lynette's biting remarks. If she weren't his blood sister and hadn't been helping him with falsifying the accounts, he would've kicked her out of the house.
That said, Kenton agreed to stay vigilant on the Club Solstice case. After all, Vanessa's parents didn't strike him as the type to hold secrets. "Have we cut off all connections with the insurance company?" Kenton questioned as he strode forward.
"Rest assured, Mr. Wray. They won't trace anything back to the Wray family," Adrien replied confidently.
Indeed, the Wray family was clear of suspicions.
But, unbeknownst to them, Wynter was looking into the patrons on the day of Vanessa's death. Thanks to Wolf's expertise, she had compiled a full list of suspects.
As certain evidence required time to process, Wynter decided to visit the Whitmans. After giving the necessary instructions, she hopped into an inconspicuous SUV.
The SUV was different from the one the Wray family was trailing, which explained why they lost sight of Wynter. Never in their dreams did they expect Wynter would gain access to the sealed crime scene.
When Wynter settled into the car, she met Dalton's gaze. For some reason, she felt that his eye color seemed to have changed.
###chapter1247
Chapter 1247 The Darnell Family 
True to Wynter’s suspicion, Dalton had undergone noticeable changes. He could feel the evil aura intensify as he drew closer to his soul fragment.. 
It seemed that someone had been exploiting his remaining power for their own benefit. How bold, yet incredibly foolish. 
Dalton caressed his red beaded bracelet, his fingers so pale they almost seemed transparent. He didn’t recall having any connections with the Wray family, though his memories had become hazy over time. 
Beside him, Wolf sat obediently. Upon noticing Wynter, he hurriedly gestured to her with an angry face. His sign language made it clear that he was furious with the crow’s escape and vowed to skin him the next time he caught the bird. 
The crow observed Wolf from the shadows, wondering if they should clear his head. Though Wolf suffered a blow to his head during the thunderstrike trial, he shouldn’t be confusing his allies with enemies. 
Seeing Wolf’s frantic desire to devour him, the crow mused how Wolf would react upon meeting Whitley. After all, the fearsome beast Chaos had a penchant for eating snakes. The crow couldn’t help but wonder if Wynter was aware of that fact. 
Unfortunately, Wynter had yet to realize Chaos‘ eating preferences. She wasn’t particularly troubled by the crow’s disappearance as she wasn’t keen on forcing a mythical beast to stay. 
At that moment, she seemed to recall something and turned to Wolf. 
“You’re meeting a friend tonight. He showed up around your time of appearance.” Wynter grinned, leaving Wolf puzzled as he focused on counting his payment. 
In truth, Wynter had left Whitley to protect Logan. Given Logan’s condition, she feared that something terrible would happen to him without a mythical beast’s protection. 
Wynter had even arranged for Logan to join Tobias‘ film crew, hoping that the two could look out for each other while ensuring Logan’s safety. She was aware of Tobias‘ talent in spiritual practices and felt it would be a waste not to put it to use. 
At that moment, Pablo called to update her about the invitation from the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce. Apparently, the Darnell family had requested the Wrays to send Wynter the invitation. 
Hearing that, Wynter arched a brow as she gently tapped on the armrest. 
The Darnells were a highly affluent family with a diverse portfolio across various industries. Wynter wondered why such a family would send an invitation to the Quinnells. 
“What do you think of them, Pablo? Are they a friend or a foe?” Wynter questioned curiously. 
As Pablo monitored the stock trends, he replied, “Their representative in Hawford has close ties with the Wray family. However, I recently learned that their new head has arrived at Hawford. 
“He might be the one who requested the invitation for the Quinnells. It’s possible he’s keen to meet the Quinnells, but he could have other intentions. I’m still working on the details.” 
He paused momentarily and asked, “There’s something strange going on with the stocks lately, boss. Should I acquire some?” 
“Strange stocks, you say?” Wynter hummed with interest. 
“Several stocks have experienced a meteoric rise. I suspect someone has been deceitfully tampering with the stock prices. They’ve gone up over 100 points now,” Pablo reported as he moved the cursor. 
Wynter’s eyes showed a brief flicker. She calmly instructed Pablo, “Give me the stocks‘ names. I’ll check it out tonight.” 
With that, Wynter ended the call with Pablo. She then messaged Albert, asking for a meeting about the recent stock trend. After contacting Albert, she looked into the Darnell family’s recent activities. 
While others struggled to uncover detailed information, Wolf easily pulled up a side profile picture of the Darnells‘ new head on his screen. 
“We can’t see his face clearly. Are there any front–view pictures? But I guess he’s as secretive as you are.” Wynter chuckled as she enlarged the photo. 
Her comment was directed at Dalton. When Wynter investigated his background, all she had been able to gather was a wide–shot photo capturing his tall stature and commanding presence. 
The same went for the Darnell family’s new head–he was equally mysterious and elusive. 
###chapter1248
Chapter 1248 The Truth About Dalton 
Dalton wasn’t aware that Wynter had looked into him. Upon hearing her comment, he turned to her and asked, “Did you want my picture?” 
Before Wynter could reply, Dalton added, “Was this about our engagement? Were you trying to see if I was your type?” 
Wynter attempted to explain, but Dalton cut her off again. “You don’t have to. Your taste in men is a bit off, anyway.” 
Left speechless, Wynter couldn’t help wondering who had upset Dalton. The truth was, no one had. Dalton simply recalled some bad memories. 
The incident with Sky had been infuriating, and the discovery of the remnant underground only added to Dalton’s irritation. 
It seemed that whoever was borrowing his power had burdened him with personal grudges. Thinking of that, Dalton closed his eyes and attempted to soothe the hostile aura 
within. 
Wynter wasn’t the senseless type who would direct her anger at her uncomfortable boyfriend. 
As a doctor, she could easily discern a person’s condition through their breathing pattern, especially someone with a high body temperature like Dalton. 
Wynter immediately placed a hand on Dalton’s forehead while her other hand checked his pulse. She found that it was unusually erratic–that never happened when they were in Kingbourne. 
“What’s wrong with you?” Wynter asked with a frown. 
Dalton hadn’t expected her to notice his discomfort, despite his discreet efforts to hide it. He rolled down his sleeve and looked at Wynter with a shadowed gaze. “I’m fine. Just a little tired,” he replied. 
Wynter didn’t buy Dalton’s words. He had been much more robust and lively during their time settling cases in Kingbourne. Wynter couldn’t help but notice the purple aura around him had intensified. 
Wynter understood that too much fortune would lead to Dalton’s downfall. Aside from altering his fate, she had also constantly drawn on his luck in an attempt to keep him off the heavens‘ radar. 
s. 
However, all of that seemed to be catching up to Dalton since arriving in Hawford. Just moments before, he had been perfectly fine. 
At that moment, Wynter thought of something and turned to Wolf. “Where was Dalton just 
now? 
Chapter 1248 The Truth About Dalton 
2/2 
Wolf shook his head, recalling only that he had been instructed to run laps. Wynter turned to Dalton, who merely flashed her a faint smile. She reached out and forced a stern expression onto his face. 
“Listen here, pretty boy. Wolf and I have been scouring the mountains for herbs specifically for you–some of them are rare and highly valuable. So, you’d better take good care of your body. 
“I’ve put in a lot of effort to get you into top shape, and I don’t want to see you fall back into a weakened state. So, tell me, did something in the nightclub cause this?” Wynter inquired 
with a serious tone. 
She had smartly pieced together what happened and went straight to the point, highlighting her prowess as the Special Unit’s leader. 
Her sharp intuition and logical thinking made her hard to fool, which deemed her the natural choice for handling abnormal cases. 
“Something appeared, but it got away,” Dalton swiftly admitted. 
“You should’ve called Wolf,” Wynter chided. At the mention of his name, Wolf raised his head and nodded in agreement. He would’ve entertained himself by roasting whatever it 
was. 
Dalton assented and glanced at Wynter’s posture. It was only then that Wynter realized she had overstepped his boundaries and quickly retracted her hand. 
Benjamin, who had been watching in silence, was alarmed by the scene. 
Desmond had mentioned that Dalton wasn’t fond of anyone encroaching on his personal space. Judging from the couple’s conversation, it seemed that Wynter had been financially supporting Dalton. 
The assumption left Benjamin puzzled. He wondered if Dalton tended to live off women. 
On the other hand, Wynter paid no mind to his speculations about her relationship with Dalton. 
Opening her bag, she took out a pill and popped it into Dalton’s mouth. “You’re going back to the hotel. I’ll head to the Whitman residence on my own.‘ 
###chapter1249
Chapter 1249 Visiting the Whitman Family 
Chapter 1249 Visiting the Whitman Family 
Dalton didn’t oppose Wynter’s instruction. Given his current state, it wasn’t suitable for him to visit the Whitmans. More importantly, he couldn’t stay with Wolf any longer lest the latter lose control. 
As Wolf followed Wynter out of the car, his gaze remained fixated on Dalton. Noticing Wolf’s unusual behavior, Wynter questioned curiously, “Is something wrong?” 
Wolf gestured to warn her that Dalton was turning more menacing and that provoking him would lead to serious trouble. 
“Are you saying someone will be in danger if they mess with Dalton?” Wynter inquired. 
When Wolf nodded, she casually assured him that everything would be fine. After all, she wouldn’t be the one suffering the consequences. 
Wolf walked a few steps before glancing back at Dalton. For some reason, he felt a sense of familiarity, as if Dalton were someone he knew and trusted. 
Wolf hurriedly dismissed the thought, chiding himself for mistaking Dalton as his master. Shaking his head, Wolf quickened his pace to catch up with Wynter. 
When Wynter first took on Vanessa’s case, she had bought some fried chicken for Wolf. Now that she was unoccupied, she could finally hand the food over. 
Wolf was carrying a black bag nearly his size, and his eyes lit up with delight at the sight of 
food. 
In truth, Wynter had prepared a variety of gifts for the Whitmans. However, her journey was delayed by an unexpected murder case, leaving the gifts less fresh than intended. 
In comparison, the herbs Wolf carried were still in perfect condition. 
Despite their exceptional skills at shaking off their pursuers, Wynter found that she was no longer being followed after leaving the SUV. Apparently, no one expected her to hail a taxi to the Whitman residence. 
When Wynter and Wolf finally arrived at the Whitman residence, it was nearly dinnertime. 
Listening to his growling stomach, Wolf looked up to Wynter and made a questioning gesture. He wondered if Reuben would give him as much meat as Fabian did. 
Wynter gently caressed his hair and replied, “He might, or he might not. He still holds onto his resentments.” 
4. 
Just then, a voice called out to them. “W–Where did you come from? You can’t go any further as this is a private residence.” 
While watering the plants in the garden, a maid spotted Wynter and Wolf. She rushed over and signaled for them to leave. It was then that Wynter realized the mansion before them 
Chapter 1249 Visiting the Whitman Family 
belonged to the Whitmans. 
“We’re here to meet Mr. Whitman Senior. Could you please inform him of our arrival?” Wynter asked, discreetly hiding her identity to secure her entry. 
Instead of avoiding one another and speculating about motives, Wynter sincerely believed that any grudges or misunderstandings could be resolved by having a thorough and honest conversation. 
With that in mind, Wynter decided that securing her entry was her top priority. 
“Mr. Reuben isn’t feeling well today. He’s not in the condition to welcome any guests. Which family do you represent? I’ve never seen you before,” the maid, Jesslyn Garcia, replied with a note of hostility and wariness. 
Wynter instantly came up with an excuse. “We’ve been sent by Mr. Whitman to check on his father.” 
However, Jesslyn remained skeptical. “The Whitman family has always called for Dr. Chester Harper.” 
“Dr. Harper will arrive shortly. We’re just here to see if Mr. Whitman Senior needs a change of dressing,” Wynter explained as she showed her medical qualification certificate. 
Though Jesslyn didn’t expect such a young woman to be an attending physician, she refused to give entry without further verification. “Hold on, let me confirm with Mr. Taylor.” With that, Jesslyn contacted Taylor via the intercom phone. Once Taylor confirmed that he had contacted a doctor, she finally allowed Wynter and Wolf inside. “I apologize for my rudeness, miss. Please come inside.” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1250
Chapter 1250 Meeting Uncle Taylor 
Following Jesslyn’s lead, Wynter walked down a beautifully decorated corridor. The ancient lamps hung on either side of the wall emitted a soft, dim glow. 
It appeared the mansion had retained its original architectural elements. 
As the sun began to set, the lights flickered on. Despite the dimming light being shadowed by the rose bushes, the house was far from gloomy while the roses‘ gentle fragrance filled the air. 
The evening glow streamed through the window panes, casting a warm radiance across the floor and vintage carpet. 
The vintage carpet, with its intricate yet elegant design, perfectly complemented the surrounding decor. Such aesthetic designs showcased the owner’s refined tastes. 
Reuben had studied in Frenda during unprecedented times, which was reflected in the renowned artistic creations that adorned the house. 
Along the way, Jesslyn occasionally sized Wynter up. At first glance, she had dismissed Wynter as a country bumpkin, inwardly criticizing her casual attire and decision to bring a child along for work. 
However, Wynter proved to be rather perceptive. She didn’t sneakily glance around nor show her amazement at the Whitman residence’s decor, leaving Jesslyn impressed. 
After turning around the corner. Jesslyn brought out disposable slippers for Wynter and Wolf. 
“Mr. Reuben is staying on the second floor. You may change your shoes here. After heading inside, please be mindful of your steps.” 
Such rules sounded reminiscent of an ancient wealthy household. Though Wynter didn’t voice her ions, she realized something was amiss from Jesslyn’s expression and behavior. 
Even without her fake identity, she had learned about the Whitman family from her days as a venture capitalist. 
In the past, businessmen were known for their principles and integrity. Yet, such qualities seemed increasingly rare in the present era. 
Wynter couldn’t help recalling Fiona’s attitude during her first appearance in Southdale. 
She doubted that the maids working for the Whitman family–known for supporting SMEs through their business transformations would display such haughtiness and snobbery. 
Though Jesslyn sounded polite, her eyes betrayed her arrogance. She showed little respect to Wynter and even less to Wolf. 
550 Meeting Unde Taylor 
‘Don’t touch anything inside. I’m still not used to having new doctors around. Dr. Harper is usually the one who handles treatment.* 
“How should we address you, madam?” Wynter asked with a faint smile, subtly prying for information. 
Noting her politeness, Jesslyn seemed to be more at ease. “Just call me Jesslyn. That reminds me, I didn’t catch your last name.” 
“I go by Quinnell,” Wynter answered honestly. She had no intention of hiding her last name. 
Jesslyn appeared stunned by the mention of that last name. Yet, Wynter feigned ignorance and asked, “What’s wrong, Jesslyn?” 
Jesslyn quickly dismissed the question and walked away, murmuring about the choice of that last name. 
She then pressed a door open, revealing a grand living room with a majestic chandelier hanging from the broad ceiling that soared three stories high. 
The living room featured a dashing, vintage style that evoked the look of an old film. Under the lights, a man in a suit stood tall as he engaged in a phone conversation. 
His well–maintained physique hinted at a regular workout routine. Though he appeared fairly young, he carried an air of maturity and authority. He embodied the image of a classic leader of a prestigious business family. 
As Wynter stared at the man, she recognized him as Taylor, one of her uncles. 
Unbeknownst to Wynter, Taylor was deeply engrossed in a phone conversation with Kenton regarding Reuben’s illness. He was determined not to miss any chance to save his father. 
Taylor barely noticed the guests Jesslyn had brought in. At that moment, Jesslyn approached him and reported respectfully, “The doctors are here, Mr. Taylor.” 
###chapter1251
Chapter 1251 Checking on Reuben 
Wynter clenched her fists nervously. She didn’t feel such anxiousness when reuniting with the Quinnell family. 
Despite already arriving at the Whitman residence and meeting Taylor, she just realized she needed a plan to resolve the longstanding conflict. 
She resembled her mother, and Wynter knew that Noah and Taylor wouldn’t dismiss her appearance as a mere coincidence. 
At that moment, Taylor put the phone conversation on hold and started to turn around. However, his attention was immediately captured by Kenton’s deep sigh. 
“What are you hesitating for, Taylor? We’ve known each other since childhood. You know that no doctors out there can cure Mr. Reuben’s illness. Don’t keep the old man suffering. 
“I spoke with Evan about Mr. Reuben last time, and he insisted on Mr. Reuben’s immediate surgery. His condition will only worsen with delays, but I’m sure you’re already aware of that,” Kenton urged. 
He paused briefly and continued, “I understand you might have concerns about the Chamber of Commerce, but that’s nothing to worry about. You’re not a stranger -you are and will always be my close friend. 
“Besides, there’s nothing wrong with welcoming foreign investments. Grant them some power, and money flows in! It’s a win–win for everyone, and we can make profits together! 
“Once we’ve sorted things out with the Chamber of Commerce, Evan will be able to visit Mr. Reuben and provide treatment more easily. Otherwise, Mr. Reuben might continue to suffer. It’s not easy to bring Evan in for treatment.” 
At that point, Kenton’s words could be interpreted as a subtle warning. As a fellow businessman, Taylor recognized the underlying implication. 
However, Taylor would never risk Reuben’s life on a gamble. He stated sternly, “We still have time, so let me think it over. But if I do agree, you must ensure Evan will keep his 
temper in check and abide by the Cascadian rules. 
Kenton gave a hearty laugh and reassured him, “Don’t worry, I’ve already spoken with Evan about that. I understand Mr. Reuben’s a conventionalist, and I respect that. 
“Don’t say I didn’t warn you, Taylor–our generations have a different way of conducting business. It’s all about international connections now. 
“No one cares where you’re from; you’re considered a friend if you can bring in profits.” 
To think there came a day when the Whitmans were offered business advice from the Wrays. The times had regrettably changed, and now they required the Wray family’s assistance. 
Chapter 1251 Checking on Reuben 
2/2 
That said, Taylor didn’t share Kenton’s sentiment and cut the conversation short. “Call me once Evan arrives in Hawford. I might need to convince my father…” 
As Taylor’s voice trailed off, Wynter came to a sudden realization from the phone call. She had previously wondered why the Whitman family heeded the Wrays‘ suggestions on certain matters. 
She sincerely doubted that the Whitman family had fallen so far behind that the Wrays had emerged as the leading force in Hawford’s business industry. 
At that moment, Wynter finally grasped the whole situation. 
While the Whitman family remained standing, they required the Wray family’s assistance in treating Reuben’s illness. That dependence left Taylor and Noah at the Wrays‘ mercy. 
Upon noticing Wynter listening to Taylor’s conversation, Jesslyn approached her with a low and disapproving tone. 
“I assume Dr. Harper has been too busy to brief you on the Whitman family’s rules. You’re advised to ignore any distractions and focus solely on your work. 
“However, it seems Mr. Taylor is rather busy. Let me show you upstairs–Mr. Taylor will see you afterward. By the way, Mr. Lockwood will be overseeing your examination of Mr. Reuben.” 
As Jesslyn rambled, she turned to head upstairs. Wynter followed suit without sparing another glance at Taylor. At present, her top concern now was to check on Reuben’s 
condition. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1252
Chapter 1252 Destined for Great Things 
Kenton seemed to be in high spirits after the call with Taylor. 
Things had gone awry in the past two days–the scandal at Lynette’s club, the murder case at Club Solstice, and even the weird request from that person” of the Darnell family. Such incidents pushed Kenton into a more passive stance. 
Fortunately, Reuben’s failing health left Taylor in desperate need of Evan’s treatment. If Taylor wished to save his father, he had no choice but to heed Kenton’s words. 
To bolster his ego, Kenton had befriended the esteemed Yvette Yates courtesy of the Winston family. 
He was amazed when Yvette’s guidance led him to double his stock earnings–a substantial gain he had never achieved before. 
Now, dressed in a tailored suit, Kenton made his way to the center of the banquet. 
He had been apprehensive of confronting Albert, who was known as the New Legend of Winnow Street. After all, stock investments weren’t his forte. 
But to Kenton’s delight, the Quinnells and Whitmans had been obviously left out of the banquet. He no longer needed to humble himself in front of Taylor. Soon, Taylor would be under his command! 
With that thought in mind, Kenton grabbed a glass of wine from the passing waiter and 
raised for a toast. 
“There’s no need for formalities. This is just a casual gathering for us stock traders. I hope everyone enjoys themselves tonight. Cheers!” 
Following his lead, the guests downed their drinks in one gulp. As Kenton basked in praises and admiration, he poured himself another glass of wine. 
“Let’s raise a toast to the brilliant Ms. Yvette Yates. Without her, we would never have made such impressive profits in the stock market.” 
Instantly, all eyes turned to Yvette. Already an acclaimed figure, she found herself increasingly at the center of attention. 
“I’ve invested in gold as you’ve advised, Ms Yates. True to your expectations, its value has soared, and I made a fortune!” A guest commended her. 
“Me too! The stocks I bought based on her advice have been rising steadily. I’ve been raking in a profit! You’re amazing, Ms. Yates. From now on, your concerns are our concerns as well.” Another guest gave a hearty laugh. 
The influential businessmen soon gathered around Yvette, their eyes shining with admiration as they discussed stocks. 
Chapter 1252 Destined for Great Things 
2/2 
Dressed in a beautiful evening gown, Yvette gracefully held her wine glass and replied, ” Thank you for the kind words, but I believe it’s more than I deserve. Consider my advice a gesture of my appreciation.” 
Noting her indifferent tone and calm countenance, the guests couldn’t help but praise Yvette’s poise in the face of flattery and wealth. Clearly, she was someone destined for greatness. 
At that moment, the guests‘ admiration toward Yvette only deepened. 
Little did they know that Yvette was secretly elated. 
Back in Kingbourne, Wynter always thwarted her attempts to showcase her brilliance. However, she was now a different person–she could finally perform divination in Hawford! 
Upon learning that Wynter had arrived in Hawford, Yvette vowed to make her pay for the suffering and humiliation she caused. 
She was determined to give Wynter a taste of her own medicine, and she would address her with the utmost respect. 
Chapter 1253 Meeting Her Grandfather 
###chapter1253
Chapter 1253 Meeting Her Grandfather
As the sun set behind the Whitman residence, the Frendan-style door creaked open to reveal a cozy study.
Exotic decorations aligned neatly on the embroidered tablecloth, and the wall lights were ingeniously arranged in various corners.
Yet, all Wynter could sense was the air of lethargy that enveloped the room. Despite the faint aroma of rose lingering, the poor air circulation had left the room feeling musty and uncomfortable.
Suddenly, Wynter heard a violent cough that left the person gasping for air. Clearly, their respiratory systems had been infected.
Wynter doubted she could manage an examination on Reuben, her grandfather whom she had never met.
Once a powerful and influential figure in the business community, he was reduced to a sickly old man dependent on others' care.
Wynter knew she needed to check Reuben's pulse before determining his fate.
She had left Wolf behind, fearing his hostile aura would worsen Reuben's health. Plus, she could tell that Reuben had been suffering from his illness for a long time.
While cancer itself wasn't the most frightening aspect, its potential to spread and metastasize was concerning.
At the sound of the movement, Reuben forcibly suppressed his coughs and inquired, "What's the matter?"
"The doctor is here for your routine checkup, Mr. Reuben. They'll also be refilling the medications for your nebulizer," Jesslyn replied respectfully. Her conduct remained impeccably professional in front of her employer.
Unbeknownst to Jesslyn, Wynter had secretly examined her as well. However, she found no traces of suspicious fragrances and medications on Jesslyn.
In other words, Reuben's illness had been building up inside him for some time.
Though Reuben was gasping for breaths, his presence remained as intimidating as ever. "Send Dr. Harper in. I've been feeling extremely uncomfortable today," he instructed.
When Wynter entered the study, she found a white-haired elderly man seated in an antique chair. Dressed in a shirt with suspenders, he rested an arm on the table for support.
With a quill in hand, Reuben seemed to be practicing calligraphy. Despite his physical frailty, his haggard face reflected a profound solemnity.
Reuben was momentarily stunned upon seeing Wynter entering. Their gazes met, and an indescribable expression passed between them.
In particular, Reuben couldn't shake off the odd sense of familiarity from the young doctor before him. However, he quickly dismissed the thought and flashed a smile at Wynter, gesturing for her to sit.
"It seems Dr. Harper isn't available today. Are you his assistant? May I know your age, young lady?" Reuben asked gently.
Knowing that Reuben was examining her, Wynter met his gaze with a bright smile. "I'm not his assistant. I'm a capable doctor in my own right."
Reuben chuckled at her response. He suddenly recalled something and shook his head. "Unfortunately, my illness is beyond the doctor's capacity to cure."
"There's no harm in trying," Wynter replied professionally and calmly. Although she was concerned about Reuben's health, she had to steady herself and regain her composure.
Wynter listened to Reuben's heartbeat with her stethoscope and gently pressed on his abdomen, asking if he was experiencing any pain. She handled Reuben with the utmost care for fear of bringing him discomfort.
Throughout the examination, Wynter occasionally studied Reuben's expression to pick up on any subtle hints. At one point, Reuben seemed to be lost in a daze as he stared at Wynter.
###chapter1254
Chapter 1254 Their Fate 
Reuben must be muddled by his illness today. Even though the 
young doctor in front of him was far younger than Marie, he 
actually thought she had returned. 
Reuben shook his head lightly. Their appearances weren’t even similar. 
Marie’s beauty was like the gentle rain, soft and misty. However, Wynter had an overall aloof and enigmatic charm, yet not in an off- putting way. On the contrary, she seemed calm and professional. 
Reuben felt a rare sense of calm. It was likely due to the acupuncture points Wynter had been massaging. 
“This treatment method is different from what I’ve had before,” Reuben said. 
His breath was still labored as he spoke, but his eyes showed no signs of cloudiness despite his serious illness. Instead, they still reflected the politeness and grace of his youth. 
It was no wonder Fabian frequently mentioned that Reuben was the most scholarly gentleman he had ever met. It was indeed true. 
Wynter chuckled softly. “Dr. Harper practices modern medicine. I practice traditional medicine. Our treatment methods are indeed different.” 
As she spoke, her hand rested on Reuben’s wrists as if taking his pulse. She then withdrew her hand and scribbled on a piece of paper. It seemed like a prescription but not quite. 
“Your condition is not as hopeless as the rumors suggest. In my opinion, treating it isn’t too difficult, though it will take some time,” 
Wynter continued. 
Upon hearing this, Reuben’s indifferent eyes glanced over at Wynter again. He couldn’t help but laugh. “Young lady, do you know that I am someone who has been given a death sentence by lung specialists? 
“Not even the director of the number one hospital in Hawford 
dared to give me such promises. You should take back your words. 
Wynter wasn’t bothered by Reuben’s skepticism. She knew her youthful appearance lacked credibility. 
“You are not aware of my abilities because it’s your first time meeting me. You’ll understand once we get to know each other better. 
*Please rest assured, Mr. Whitman Senior. I wouldn’t claim to have confidence in curing you if I wasn’t certain.” 
Reuben couldn’t help but smile at Wynter’s words. Her way of speaking was quite interesting. She was ambitious. If it had been someone else, Reuben would have thought they were boasting. 
But the fact was that she was just a young lady, chewing on the end of a pen while writing down some precautions for him. No matter how he looked at it, there was a certain spirited 
determination about her. 
Reuben didn’t know why, but looking at Wynter made him feel at ease. “Young lady, have you found anything in your examination? 
“If there’s no way to help, just say it. I’m aware of my condition. I’m getting older, and my health declines day by day. I’m old, and I’m at peace with it.” 
“That won’t do. You might be at peace with it, but I’m not. I want to 
cure you. As long as I’m here, no one can take you away,” Wynter said earnestly, her needle kit already laid out. 
Seeing this, Reuben looked at her. His gaze was filled with 
admiration of an elder toward a younger person. It was rare for young people nowadays to willingly put in the effort into learning traditional medicine. 
Wynter, despite her youth, displayed patience and steadiness in her every move. She was bound to achieve great things and become an excellent doctor. 
Reuben had always held a deep respect for medical practitioners, especially those of traditional medicine. Although some bad apples were tarnishing the reputation of doctors, Reuben was not narrow–minded. 
Five years ago, a contagious disease had spread worldwide. 
Hospitals were overwhelmed, with the ratio of doctors to patients being utterly disproportionate. Hospital beds were in short supply, and medical workers were on the front lines‘ every day. 
It was then that Reuben was touched by a young lady who 
reminded him to take precautions when he was donating supplies. She also gave him a few pills afterward. 
At that time, he didn’t realize that the pills she gave him had saved his life. 
###chapter1255
7 
Chapter 1255 Turns Out to be Wynter 
Later, Reuben learned from a friend that if it hadn’t been for those pills back then, he might have indeed gotten infected. 
As Reuben recalled the events of those years, Wynter withdrew her hand. She did not directly answer his question. Instead, her eyes curved into crescent moons with a smile. 
“When I first came in and saw you, I was a bit surprised. I 
wondered if we had met somewhere before. You donated supplies to Southdale, didn’t you?” 
Wynter remembered something while examining Reuben’s body. Many of her memories were missing, just as Atwater had once told her. When she met the right people, some memories would return. 
She had always thought Atwater meant she would remember things when she returned to the Quinnell family. She hadn’t thought he was referring to the Whitman family instead. 
Reuben’s eyes lit up upon hearing her words. “You were that young lady back then!” 
He had thought Wynter looked familiar. It seemed that Wynter was the girl who had given him those life–saving pills! 
“It was me.” Wynter also thought it was an amazing coincidence. She tapped her nose, not expecting that she had already had an encounter with Reuben back then. 
Reuben straightened his posture. He was thinking of pulling her to sit down, but then remembered his condition and refrained 
himself. He didn’t want to pass his illness to others. 
“Those were unusual times, I couldn’t find you afterward. I wanted 
to thank you personally when the lockdown was lifted, but no one recognized the name you gave me 
“Then, I realized you must have been doing good deeds without wanting recognition and gave me a false name.” 
Reuben was genuinely happy. “After all the twists and turns, we’ve finally met again.” 
“Indeed. Mr. Whitman Senior, your health has declined since I last saw you,” Wynter said, shifting the conversation. “Back then, I advised you not to worry too much, but it seems you didn’t heed my advice. 
“Your bodily functions have deteriorated. Your breathing is 
disordered, you find no joy in food, you lack energy, and you cough up blood.” 
Reuben was impressed by Wynter’s medical skills. She had merely examined him briefly without asking about his recent condition yet had accurately diagnosed all his ailments. 
*Grandpa Reuben,” Wynter changed her form of address. “As someone from the younger generation, I want to call you Grandpa. 
“Forgive me for being blunt, but treating your symptoms with inhalants or medication won’t address the root cause. 
“I can gradually restore your physical health. Yet, a wounded heart can only be mended by tending to its inner wounds.” 
Wynter looked at Reuben after speaking. 
Reuben was about to pick up his teacup when his hands trembled slightly at her words. He then turned his gaze to Wynter: 
“Young lady, your mention of tending to the inner wound to heal a wounded heart had piqued my curiosity. Can a doctor diagnose 
such things?” 
Reuben had never spoken about these matters to anyone. 
Every famous doctor who had visited his home had given similar advice to Wynter’s initial comments. It was always about taking care of his body, eating a bland diet, taking medicine on time, and controlling his temper. 
But none had ever mentioned anything about tending to his inner wounds. 
“This isn’t something I discovered through examination, but rather something you showed, Grandpa Reuben. 
“When I entered the room, you were holding a pen, and there was a letter clip on the table. Underneath it was a photograph. 
“You kept staring at that photograph, yet you hadn’t written a single word with the pen in your hand. 
“This showed that you had something on your mind, but for some reason, you couldn’t put it into words. Instead, you quietly turned to look at the photograph.” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1256
Chapter 1256 Past Misunderstandings 
“And in terms of pathology, a person’s mental health directly affects their body. Cells also need to be activated by a positive mood,” Wynter said as she continued to massage Reuben, 
invigorating his blood and energy. 
This was the first time Reuben had heard such a notion. Activating cells and such certainly sounded like something only young people would say. 
“Young lady, you have keen observations. This seems to be 
beyond the realm of a doctor.” 
Reuben would have been wary if it were anyone else probing into the Whitman family’s privacy. 
But Wynter was different. He had witnessed her quietly saving many lives while setting her school bag aside. She had already disappeared when he tried to find her. 
Hence, Reuben had complete faith in Wynter’s character. 
He shakily got up from the bed. The sunlight streaming through the window bathed him, highlighting his dignified posture despite his elderly state. 
“I do have concerns, but it’s been so long that I thought it might be better to let it go. Yet, I still don’t understand.” Reuben sounded like he was asking someone else yet also sounded as if he was talking to himself. 
He couldn’t grasp why Marie, the daughter he personally brought up, became so different from his memories. How could she abandon her family for a man? 
“You should ask directly if you don’t understand,” Wynter said instinctively without much thought, 
Reuben looked at her with surprise, “Ask directly?” 
“Yes. Seeing photos or hearing stories might not reveal the truth. Isn’t asking the person in question better?” 
Wynter was worried about revealing too much as she spoke. Disclosing her true identity wasn’t ideal given the current situation. After all, the heartache in Reuben was tied to Marie. 
Reuben lowered his gaze. “I did meet her in person and asked her everything back then. I’ve laid everything out clearly. Only then did I come to terms with it. 
“Maybe it’s true that daughters leave once they marry. We as parents shouldn’t constantly interfere with their lives.” 
Wynter responded earnestly, “I actually think that as children, we might say things we don’t mean. Who doesn’t want their parents to be their forever supporters? 
“There must be some misunderstanding. Maybe the other party is also trying hard to reach out to you.” 
Reuben pondered her words. Over the years, everyone seemed to have agreed to not mention Marie in front of him. It was Fabian instead who constantly wanted to discuss things with him. 
Perhaps realizing that he might not have much time left, Reuben’s heart, which had been closed off for many years, began to soften. Could there really be some misunderstanding in all this? 
Seeing Reuben’s expression, Wynter knew she had to give him more time to think things through. 
Wynter had noticed a picture frame that was hung in the innermost 
Chapter 1256 Past Misunderstandings 
part of the room since she walked in. 
Although Isabella had passed away many years ago, the frame was still pristine. It reflected the owner’s care for it. 
The relationship between her grandparents, Reuben and Isabella, might have been a source of Reuben’s heartache over the years. 
Just as Wynter was about to move closer to examine the picture, Jesslyn pushed open the door. She looked around and smiled politely. 
1 
“It will be time for Mr. Whitman Senior’s dinner in 15 minutes. Do you need to wait for Dr. Harper?” 
Jesslyn was addressing Wynter. It didn’t sound like much on the surface, but in reality, she was subtly urging Wynter to leave. 
Jesslyn had been standing at the door earlier. Even though she couldn’t hear the specifics of their conversation, she sensed that the timing of Chester’s visit seemed different from before. 
###chapter1257
Chapter 1257 Wynter Saving Her Grandpa 
“There’s no need for that.” Wynter noticed the surveillance outside the room earlier. 
She had tested the soundproofing and knew that Jesslyn hadn’t heard anything. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have chosen this time to walk in. It was obvious she wanted to listen in. 
Wynter smiled faintly. “I noticed that Grandpa Reuben’s digestive system hasn’t been functioning well lately when I was taking his pulse. 
“Sometimes, continuing to eat when a person hasn’t fully digested their food can actually be a burden on the body.” 
Jesslyn had been with the Whitmans for many years, and every visiting doctor had always followed her scheduling instructions 
But Wynter seemed oblivious to the underlying meaning of her words. And why was she calling Reuben “Grandpa Reuben“? Why didn’t she just aim for the stars with how desperate she was to climb the social ladder? 
Jesslyn couldn’t help but roll her eyes. “You don’t understand Mr. Reuben’s habi-” 
But just then, she was interrupted by Reuben, who spoke with a note of displeasure in his voice, “Jesslyn, listen to the doctor. 
Dinner can wait.” 
Reuben wondered what had gotten into Jesslyn, who had never been this inconsiderate to visitors before. Or, perhaps he had been too preoccupied with other matters over the past two years to notice the little things. 
Reuben narrowed his eyes. Without needing Wynter to point it out, he had already started scrutinizing Jesslyn more closely. 
Wynter observed everything silently, admiring Reuben’s sharpness. He could pick up on subtle details with just a few words. If it weren’t for his health issues, the Wray family wouldn’t have dared to be so arrogant. 
But Jesslyn didn’t notice these subtleties. She was visibly taken 
aback. 
After all, Reuben usually seemed indifferent when facing doctors, as if he had resigned himself to his condition. Yet today, his willingness to cooperate with the treatment was the best it had 
been in months! 
Wynter didn’t concern herself with Jesslyn’s thoughts. Her purpose. in coming here today was to find an opportunity to check on Reuben. 
Now that she had seen him and found out about their fated encounter from years ago, she understood that some emotional knots couldn’t be untied by her alone. 
Her main priority was to help Reuben’s body recover to the point where he could take medication. She had to at least stop him from coughing up blood
. 
“Grandpa Reuben, we might need to postpone or even cancel your dinner tonight. Alternatively, you could have some easily digestible boiled vegetables. Your digestive system is too weak. 
“I’ll start with acupuncture to help your body absorb nutrients and alleviate your urge to cough,” Wynter said before gently helping Reuben lie down. 
She then opened her needle kit, revealing rows of silver needles of 
various sizes. Selecting the two thickest ones, she raised her hand. 
Seeing this, Jesslyn exclaimed in shock, “Doctor, Mr. Reuben has never been treated this way before. How about I call Dr. Harper 
first?” 
“Why do you need to call him when I’m the one who’s giving the treatment?” Wynter turned to look at her. 
Her eyes were deep, fierce, and intimidating. “Get out.” Her words were firm and commanding. 
Jesslyn was momentarily stunned but quickly remembered that this was the Whitman household. She didn’t need to tolerate Wynter’s attitude. 
“You! How can you do something so reckless? Who will take responsibility if something goes wrong with Mr. Reuben?” 
Right after Jesslyn’s questions, it became clear to Reuben what was really going on. 
He looked over, his voice frail but still carrying enough authority to be threatening. “I’ll take responsibility for myself. I trust this doctor. You can go.” 
Jesslyn wanted to say more, but Reuben continued, “Go now. Collect your pay, and leave.” 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1258
Chapter 1258 A Good Turn 
Jesslyn was stunned. She never thought she would lose her job over such a trivial matter. 
She believed that her years of experience should grant her a higher status in this household. 
In her eyes, Wynter was merely an assistant with a fancy title. 
Chester hadn’t even arrived yet, and she was just here to oversee things. How could Reuben fire Jesslyn because of this girl? She couldn’t accept it. 
As the bodyguards dragged her away, Jesslyn continued to yell. Her eyes were filled with venom as she glared at Wynter. 
Wynter paid no attention to her. After carefully disinfecting the silver needles, she inserted them into Reuben’s LU11 and LI1 
acupoints. 
“These acupoints help alleviate coughing. Have the butler prepare honey lemon tea for you twice a day to soothe your throat and reduce coughing,” Wynter advised while performing the 
acupuncture. 
The acupuncture’s effects were immediate, although it would take more than a few needles to cure Reuben completely. 
Nonetheless, he already felt a sense of unprecedented relief, as if a -heavy weight had been lifted from his shoulders. 
His abdomen felt warm and comfortable. This was not only due to the acupuncture but also Wynter’s massage technique. 
Whatever the illness was, it was essential to first regulate the spleen and stomach, as their imbalance could cause numerous 
A Good To 
health issues. 
“Grandpa Reuben, I noticed a floral scent in your room. The roses outside your window could use some trimming. 
“With your respiratory issues, you should remove the carpets and keep the right–side door open frequently,” Wynter continued. 
Besides addressing the medical issues, Wynter also used this chance to examine the Whitman residence’s geomancy. 
While there were no major problems in Reuben’s room, she sensed something amiss further inside the house. However, given her current status and the presence of Easton, she refrained from investigating further. 
Wynter was certain that Jesslyn wouldn’t let this matter rest. She would likely complain to Noah and Taylor, who might come over. 
Wynter lowered her gaze and glanced at the time before deciding it was best to leave now. She needed to subtly warn Noah and Taylor, as there were probably more spies like Jesslyn. 
Wynter suspected that the misunderstandings between Marie and the Whitmans over the years were partly orchestrated by others. 
Confronting both her uncles now wouldn’t be wise. Besides, she already had a trump card with Reuben on her side. 
With that in mind, Wynter removed the needles one by one and handed a note to Reuben. 
“Grandpa Reuben, I trust no one else with this. You should 
investigate the Whitman residence, including the food you 
consume,” Wynter whispered, ensuring only the two of them could hear. 
Despite not having formally acknowledged each other as 
Chan 125 A Good Tum 
grandfather and granddaughter, there was a deep mutual understanding between them. 
Easton Lockwood, the butler, was craning his neck to see what was happening. 
Reuben coughed at the right moment. “I’ll take my medicine on time. Don’t worry.” 
“That’s good.” Wynter stood up straight and shouldered her black bag. “Grandpa Reuben, I’ll take my leave now. I’ll come back the day after tomorrow to visit you.” 
Upon hearing this, Reuben quickly suggested, “It’s getting late. Stay for dinner. It won’t take too much of your time.” 
need to go back and prepare your medicine. Some of the herbal medicines aren’t available here in Hawford and need to be brought over,” Wynter explained. 
What Wynter said was true. Most of the herbal medicines were kept at Empathy Clinic. It had been convenient when they were in Kingbourne, but now they needed to be brought over here. 
Reuben felt a tinge of disappointment. He had hoped to chat more with Wynter, his life savior, and also wanted Noah and Taylor to meet who he had praised as a heroine before. 
###chapter1259
Chapter 1259 Wanting to Trick Wynter 
But it was alright, as Reuben knew there would be a next time. 
He felt a sense of relief and comfort from his pent–up frustration after seeing an old friend. 
Perhaps it was because someone had kept him company and talked things out with him, or perhaps it was the acupuncture working its magic, but he felt better than he had in a long time. 
“Since that’s the case, I won’t keep you here any longer. But how should I pay you for this consultation ?” Reuben recalled Wynter’s attitude and suspected that she might not be on great terms with 
Chester. 
Reuben was quite imaginative in this regard. He thought that Wynter, who was new to Hawford, had no connections in the hospital. 
She might even be facing workplace bullying. Hence, he wanted to lend her a helping hand. 
Wynter’s expression froze for a moment at the mention of a 
consultation fee. 
Seeing this, Reuben chuckled. “Feel free to tell me if you need anything. The Whitmans have some connections in the hospital. I have a great relationship with your hospital president.” 
His words were almost a direct offer of support. 
Wynter realized his intent and found it amusing but refrained from explaining. 
Wolf was very caring and kept his distance as per Wynter’s 
resence would affect Reuben 
ter in a bit of a bind, he trotted over and 
fulled out a new phone from his pocket. The screen displayed a 
OR code on the screen for Reuben to scan. 
Reuben was taken aback for a moment before he burst into hearty 
laughter, feeling a rare joy. He wanted to retrieve his phone and glanced at Easton, who quickly understood and began searching the desk. 
But Wynter extended her arm and grabbed Wolf by the collar before pulling him back. 
“Grandpa Reuben, don’t listen to him. He’s just a little money- 
grubber. We’ll discuss the consultation fee once your health has 
improved.” 
This was merely an excuse. Wynter had no intention of taking money from her grandfather. 
More importantly, this consultation had already made Reuben aware of certain things, evident from his gaze. Wynter didn’t linger any longer as the herbal medicine’s urgency was indeed pressing. 
Reuben found Wolf’s round and chubby face endearing and wanted to pat his head, but Wynter stopped him. 
*Grandpa Reuben, anyone who touches him will have bad luck. 
Once you’re better, he can come over to bless your house.” 
Reuben laughed it off as a joke. How could a child bless a house? After all, he’s not the big stones by the entrance that were used for 
fortune. 
Throughout this time, Easton stood by and watched the whole scene. He would occasionally smile at Wynter. 
When he was seeing her out, his attitude completely changed, and he was full of flattery. “You truly have a way with things. After all this time, it’s the first time I’ve seen Mr. Reuben look so energetic 
after a treatment.” 
Previously, Reuben’s treatments involved nebulizers and IV drips with painkillers and sedatives, which naturally made him want to rest and regain his energy. That was a normal reaction. 
What wasn’t normal was Easton. 
“Please don’t take offense, but usually, Dr. Harper handles everything. Seeing a new face, and you using acupuncture… 
“It worked out this time, but you should be cautious when Mr. Whitman and the others are around next time.” 
Wynter chuckled. “Are they difficult to deal with?” 
“Not at all!” Easton’s voice rose a little. “That’s not what I meant. I 
just meant you’re not from around here and are still young. 
“I don’t know who you learned it from but your skills in traditional medicine are impressive. I’m just worried you might not be careful enough and run into trouble.” 
Easton wore an expression of concern. He seemed to be speaking out of goodwill, but his real motive was to probe for more 
information about her. 
###chapter1260
Chapter 1260 Not Fools 
Wynter’s lips curled into a mischievous smirk. “Then your concern is unnecessary. I practice medicine with great caution. I’ll see you the day after tomorrow.” 
Easton was rendered speechless. 
Wynter had managed to offend everyone she needed to in just one visit. Easton’s face darkened. After all, Jesslyn was someone he 
had recommended. He had lost a key ally with Jesslyn gone. 
As Wynter had anticipated, Jesslyn wasn’t content with the outcome and had gone to complain to Taylor. 
“Mr. Whitman, I don’t understand what kind of doctor she is. She insisted on giving Mr. Reuben acupuncture right away. 
“She told me to get lost when I questioned who would take responsibility. Mr. Reuben even dismissed me. I really …” As she spoke, Jesslyn lowered her head and started sobbing pitifully. 
“I’ve been working at the Whitman residence for so many years without a word of complaint. I was there no matter how late Mr. Reuben got up at night. 
“Mr. Whitman, I was just waiting for you to decide whether to try the new treatment. How could Mr. Reuben fire me just like that?” Jesslyn’s eyes were filled with tears. 
Taylor looked at Jesslyn as he pondered her words. Jesslyn thought her emotional display had worked. Usually, a bit of crying would convince employers to keep their employees. 
But to her surprise, Taylor’s expression turned cold. 
“Jesslyn, you’ve indeed been with the Whitmans for many years, and we’ve paid you twice the rate offered by other households. I hired you to take care of my father, including his nightly needs. 
“You claimed to have medical knowledge and can work under pressure. Are you currently saying that my father, as your employer, has no right to dismiss you?” 
Jesslyn hadn’t imagined that this would be Taylor’s response. She 
had underestimated the Whitmans values. 
Wynter’s uncles were not the soft–hearted types she had assumed, especially Taylor, who worked in the business industry. Of course, he wasn’t someone an employee could easily sway with a few 
words. 
“Zachary, escort Jesslyn out. Give her the severance pay according to my father’s instructions,” Taylor ordered and headed upstairs without another glance. 
Jesslyn was breathless with shock and anger. She never expected 
this outcome. 
Her resentment festered after practically being thrown out of the Whitman residence. To her, the Whitmans might look wealthy, but in reality, they were stingy. 
Their dining table never featured imported delicacies, just simple dishes like fish and bacon, which they claimed Reuben liked. 
It was nothing compared to the Wray family. Every time Lynette visited, she would bring root herbs and truffles. 
Jesslyn spat on the ground. After ensuring that no one else was around, her gaze was filled with disdain. “The Whitmans don’t need me? Fine. As if I wanted to stay.” 
As Jesslyn muttered to herself, she dialed a number she had memorized. She sounded obsequious over the phone. 
“Hello, Ms. Wray. It’s me! I’ve taken care of everything you asked. The Quinnells didn’t show up, and Marie Whitman hasn’t been 
seen, either. 
“Rest assured, there’s no way the things she sent will ever make it into the Whitman residence.” 
Lynette felt much relieved hearing this but was still puzzled. “Then why are you calling this time?” 
“So, what happened was…” Jesslyn continued and recounted her day’s ordeal. 
Lynette listened impatiently. “That young doctor really doesn’t 
know her place. I understand. I’ll speak with the hospital president and have her medical license revoked.” 
Jesslyn’s eyes lit up upon hearing that. She knew contacting Lynette was the right move! 
###chapter1261
Chapter 1261 Fake Doctor 
“As for my job…” Jesslyn quickly added, “I can work for the Wrays right away!” 
Lynette frowned, wishing she could distance herself from the phone. 
She wondered if Jesslyn was stupid. Without Jesslyn’s position in the Whitman residence, she was worth nothing to Lynette. How foolish could Jesslyn be? 
“Oh, I’m not at the Wray residence now. Why don’t you go home and rest for now? There will be work for you later on.” Lynette barely disguised her impatience before hanging up right after she spoke. 
If she wasn’t worried about Jesslyn spreading rumors, she wouldn’t have bothered with even that much. 
Yet, Jesslyn felt triumphant, as if she had secured a great victory. Just you wait. Let’s see when the Whitmans will finally fall!” 
While Jesslyn was reveling in her perceived triumph, she had no idea that her entire conversation was being recorded on a nearby phone. The person recording was none other than Wolf. 
Despite his young age, Wolf was highly perceptive, especially toward people who harbored malicious intent toward Wynter. 
Hence, he made sure to follow Jesslyn. Once he was done, he ran over to Wynter and gestured that he had captured the evidence. 
Wynter enlarged the video on her phone. The footage was crystal clear, and the audio was perfect. Truly, it was an unexpected 
windfall. 
Just then, a passing Mercedes narrowly missed the both of them. Inside were Chester, delayed by an emergency surgery, and the Whitman family’s current head, Noah. 
From the moment Taylor’s call came in, Noah had felt uneasy. 
Immediately after finishing up his work, he picked up Chester from the hospital and headed straight to Quaint Villa. Who knew the traffic delays would slow them down? 
Noah raised his hand and checked the time. His anxiousness was evident from his deep frown. The moment the car stopped, he and Chester hurried toward the house. 
Seeing Noah’s urgency, Taylor was puzzled. He walked downstairs and asked, “Noah, what’s the rush?” 
“Where’s Dad? How is he now?” Noah halted. He was bewildered by Taylor’s reaction. Why was Taylor, who was even more anxious than him all the time, acting so calmly? 
Taylor smiled, “Oh, you’re worried about this. Didn’t you receive my text? Dad’s fine. Dr. Harper’s assistant did a great job.” 
“Assistant?” Chester, standing there with his medical kit, looked utterly confused. “I don’t have an assistant. What assistant?” 
Upon hearing this, Taylor’s expression froze, and his breathing became erratic. “You don’t have an assistant? What about any other doctors from your hospital? Did any of them receive a call to come?” 
Chester shook his head. “I’ve always been the one responsible for Mr. Reuben. There’s no way any other doctor would be called in.” 
A loud thud was heard as Taylor’s phone slipped from his hand. He didn’t bother to pick it up or explain it further. 
He sprinted toward Reuben’s bedroom, his eyes icy and filled with menace. He had never felt such urgency in his life. If no doctor had been called over, then who was the person that had just been 
there? 
Taylor couldn’t fathom anyone daring to pull such a stunt under his watch. Who would have the audacity to pose as a doctor to enter the Whitman residence? What was their ive, and who had 
sent them? 
His mind raced with possibilities. He wouldn’t spare anyone if anything happened to Reuben. 
Seeing Taylor’s panic, Noah felt even more uneasy. 
With a loud bang, Taylor burst into the bedroom. The sound of the door being pushed echoed through the whole mansion. 
However, he was met with the sight of Reuben, who had been weak for ages, practicing martial arts. 
###chapter1262
Chapter 1262 Being Lied To 
Taylor paused, his eyes wide in disbelief. If it weren’t for the fact that the sky hadn’t fully darkened he might have thought he was dreaming. What was going on? 
Reuben was practicing martial arts when he heard hurried 
footsteps outside. He stopped and wiped the sweat off his brow before looking up at Taylor. “What’s the matter? Why are you in such a rush?” 
By this time, Noah had arrived as well. He didn’t understand why Taylor was in such a panic and looked over at him. 
Taylor, now calmer, decided to address the situation methodically without mentioning the fake doctor. “Dad, weren’t you feeling weak in your limbs? How are you suddenly able to practice martial arts?” 
“I’ve recovered,” Reuben replied with a hearty laugh, clearly in good spirits. “I feel particularly strong today.” 
Taylor frowned. “Recovered? Dad, I need to tell you that the person who treated you earlier wasn’t Dr. Harper’s assistant but was an imposter. 
“Dr. Harper is here now, and the person who treated you might have been a fake doctor. I was careless. Don’t move around first. Please allow Dr. Harper to examine you again.” 
Noah’s face turned serious as he understood the gravity of the situation. “A fake dogtor? No wonder you asked Dr. Harper those questions earlier. 
“Check the home surveillance footage right away. Zachery, call the police. I want to know who has the nerve to fool us like this.” 
Zachary, who hadn’t liked Wynter ever since she arrived, was eager to take action. Now it made sense she was an imposter after all! 
“Mr. Whitman, I’ll handle it right away!” Zachary was more proactive than anyone at times liked this 
Reuben’s smile fell, and his face darkened at the mention of calling the police. “Enough! Who said you should call the police? 
“Haven’t you seen how much better I am feeling? My limbs feel strong, and I can get out of bed and walk around now. Why do you want to call the police?” 
“Dad, I-“Noah tried to explain. 
Reuben waved his hand dismissively. “You don’t know the full story, so don’t try to lecture me. Leave your office tactics at the door, they’re not welcome in our house. The person who treated me was not a fake doctor. 
“Though young, her medical skills are exceptional. Her 
acupuncture and massage techniques are top–notch. She might even be better than most traditional medicine practitioners in Hawford!” 
Chester felt like he had heard this somewhere before. Many elderly people fell for scams like this. 
He couldn’t help but chuckle softly before explaining to Noah, “Mr Reuben may have encountered a professional scam artist in traditional medicine, it’s easy to fake results. 
“A few acupuncture peedles and some psychological suggestions can make someone feel more energetic temporarily. 
“In Hawford, there are very few skilled acupuncturists, and they are all elderly with years of experience. It’s unlikely that a young 
person could be that proficient.” 
Given the emphasis on practice and accumulated experience in medicine, Chester’s point made sense. 
Even Noah was curious about what kind of scammer could fool Reuben. “Dad, how about you let Dr. Harper give you another 
thorough check–up first?” 
Noah’s main concern was Reuben’s health. Everything else could be dealt with later. 
Reuben understood his sons‘ concern, so he glanced at Chester. “I know you mean well. If it puts your minds at ease, we can have another check–up.” 
Chester sighed in relief before giving Noah a knowing look. At least Reuben wasn’t duped too badly. 
###chapter1263
Chapter 1263 The Mysterious Doctor 
Noah felt something was off. Reuben’s attitude was unusual, as if he had more to say. Regardless, it was best to allow Chester to do a thorough examination first. 
Half an hour later, Chester’s expression visibly changed. He didn’t believe what he was hearing and used his stethoscope again. 
The rales had significantly reduced, and Reuben’s breathing wasn’t as labored. The pus seemed to have cleared up, too. What was going on? 
Noah noticed Chester’s strange expression and grew concerned. ” Dr. Harper? Has my dad’s condition worsened?” 
“Worsened?” Reuben interjected before Chester could respond, his tone relaxed. “It should have gotten better. Isn’t that right, Dr. Harper?” 
Chester nodded instinctively before realizing both the Whitman family heads, Noah and Taylor, were staring at him. 
He opened his mouth but couldn’t bring himself to lie, so he offered a more diplomatic response, “Mr. Reuben is indeed in better health today. Perhaps it’s the result of the previous treatments taking effect!” 
He was trying to salvage some of his credibility. 
Reuben glanced at him. “Dr. Harper, you are quick to claim credit. Before that so–called fake doctor came, my health wasn’t in this 
condition. 
“It was that young lady who performed acupuncture and cleared my meridians, which made me feel much better than before. 
es The Myssenches Cocher 
“Before she left, she even told me that although my condition requires rest, it also needs appropriate exercise to regulate my spleen and stomach. She also advised against overusing 
medication. 
“Practicing martial arts, with its slow and continuous movements. helps regulate my breathing and blood flow. It allows a 
harmonious state of body and mind while also enhancing my internal organs‘ function. 
“Most importantly, she confidently told me she is certain she can cure my illness. Dr. Harper, don’t you see? Her treatment method is completely different from yours.” 
Chester’s face turned red with embarrassment at Reuben’s words. 
After all, he had long ago.concluded that Reuben’s illness was incurable and could only be managed daily with mist therapy and medication, from which he had profited significantly. 
Yet, in a brief moment, just because he was late, an unknown ” traditional medicine doctor” had seemingly turned things around and claimed she could cure the disease. 
How could that be possible? She wasn’t a renowned doctor like Evan. 
But nothing was wrong with the stethoscope. Chester was starting to doubt himself. 
Noah snapped out of his thoughts. “Dad, where is this doctor you mentioned? I didn’t see anyone when I came in. I must thank her properly in person!” 
If this doctor could truly cure Reuben’s illness, it didn’t matter which hospital she was from or whose assistant she was. 
“That young lady left a while ago. Reuben smiled. “If you want to thank her, prepare the consultation fees for when she returns for a follow–up in two days.” 
“Absolutely!” Noah felt relieved as he unfurrowed his brows. 
Reuben did seem to be more energetic and the best he’d been in months. 
At that moment, Noah was filled with gratitude for the doctor he had never met. He was even a bit impatient to meet this person. 
Taylor even felt regretful. He had missed the opportunity to meet the young doctor because of a phone call. 
Only Chester remained uneasy. His words came out lacking in courtesy. “Mr. Noah and Mr. Taylor, I still believe you should both proceed with caution.” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1264
Chapter 1264 Lacking in Medical Skills 
Chapter 1264 Lacking In Medical Skills 
“All the doctors in our hospital have diagnosed Mr. Reuben’s condition. It’s not something that can be cured this easily. Even if it’s acupuncture, it should be performed by someone well–known. 
“Mr. Reuben, if may I ask, did she mention who she is?” Chester asked. 
“No.” Reuben glanced sharply at Chester, exuding an authoritative presence. “However, I realized something from our conversation. Your prestigious number–one hospital seems to have lost its 
essence. 
“A hospital’s purpose is to save lives. But from what I’m hearing, it sounds like you don’t want me to get better.” 
Chester’s face turned pale as he hurriedly explained, “Mr. Reuben, I didn’t mean it that way. It’s just that the CT scans show-” 
“CT scans. All you rely on now are machines to determine a patient’s fate. I remember your hospital’s original motto. ‘Do not define life and death; strive to save every life.‘ 
“It seems that Dr. Harper is not suitable to continue treating a ‘dying 
man like me.” 
Reuben’s words were nicely said, sending a very clear and direct message. Chester was no longer welcomed. 
Chester hadn’t imagined that Reuben, who had always cooperated with his treatment, would suddenly turn against him. This treatment for the Whitmans had been pivotal for his career advancement. 
The Wray family had specifically asked him to handle this case, 
Chapter 1264 Lacking in Medical Skills 
and he had even hoped to have the opportunity to assist Evan. That would have looked perfect on his resume! 
Yet, an unknown traditional medicine doctor suddenly appeared and took his job! Who would do such a thing? 
2/3 
Chester racked his brains but couldn’t figure out who it could be. 
How could there be a doctor in Hawford he wasn’t familiar with? 
The crucial thing was that Reuben’s improved condition was undeniable. Who on earth was this person? 
After leaving the Whitman residence, Chester couldn’t contain his frustration any longer. He leveraged his connections to inquire 
about the situation. 
“No one has been to the Whitman residence. You’re overthinking Chester. With Mr. Reuben’s condition, no one but you would dare 
take it on.” 
“Don’t say such things. Once Evan arrives and performs the surgery with you, the patient will naturally get better.” 
“But it’s true that we haven’t been there, and it’s even less likely for 
any traditional medicine practitioners.” 
“Could it be a scam? Wait a couple of days and observe Mr. 
Reuben’s condition. I don’t believe two needles can work miracles. 
There must be some medicine involved.” 
These were all the responses Chester received. 
So, he decided to wait and see, aborting his plan to call Kenton. He was fully aware that informing the Wray family that he was no longer needed by Reuben and that they had found a better replacement would only make him look incompetent. 
Furthermore, the situation wasn’t critical yet. The likelihood of a 
Chapter 1264 Lacking in Medical Skills 
scam was high, 
Chester couldn’t believe there was a traditional medicine practitioner in Hawford more skilled than Evan. He hadn’t seen one in many years. Hence, he was confident the Whitmans would seek him out again soon. 
Meanwhile, Reuben stood by the window as he watched Chester drive off. 
He clutched the note Wynter had given him. His previous frail condition had prevented him from realizing that so many in the Whitman residence were untrustworthy. 
Taylor noticed Reuben’s gaze and lowered his eyes. “Dad, are you suspicious of Dr. Harper?” 
“He’s not the problem.” Reuben turned to face his two sons, 
meeting their eyes. “He didn’t misuse any medications on me. He just couldn’t cure me.” 
###chapter1265
Chapter 1265 Wynter 
Taylor immediately asked, “Then, can that doctor who came by mistake really cure you, Dad?” He worried that Reuben might be putting on a show just to replace Chester. 
“Of course, she can.” Reuben smiled. “She did impersonate Dr. Harper’s assistant. Although I don’t know why, she must have her 
reasons.” 
Noah sensed something amiss. “Dad, you seem to trust this doctor too much. Is there something you didn’t want to say in front of outsiders just now?” 
“Indeed. I’ve been wanting to tell you guys that I’ve known this young doctor for a long time,” Reuben admitted. 
Taylor was puzzled. “Known her for a long time?” 
“Do you remember what I told you about the time I donated supplies during the outbreak of the infectious disease years ago? 
“A young lady gave me some pills that prevented me from getting infected,” Reuben explained with a smile. “She has saved my life once before.” 
Noah and Taylor remembered the incident. Reuben had even returned to Southdale to find the girl but had no success because 
he didn’t know her name. 
“What a coincidence” Taylor was astonished. “How did she know you were ill now? And why didn’t she reveal her identity directly?” 
“She only knew that someone in the Whitman family was ill.” Reuben looked up. His reply hit the nail on the head. 
2/3 
Noah frowned slightly. “Do you mean she came to save someone in the Whitman family, and there must be a reason she didn’t reveal her identity?” 
Reuben nodded and handed them the note Wynter left him. “Take a look at this.” 
The two brothers examined the note, and their expression shifted. 
“The Wrays‘ influence has extended too far.” Reuben placed both his hands at his back, his gaze fixed on a corner of Quaint Villa. ” Sometimes, I wonder if there really is some misunderstanding.” 
Noah remained silent while Taylor hesitated for a moment. 
“Let me think it over,” Reuben said, turning his eyes to a photograph. It was of the late Isabella, who had passed away too soon. Noah and Taylor, who had once pampered Marie like a princess, were in it as well. 
Who would have thought that later, Marie would allow Shane, that scoundrel, to wreak havoc on the Whitman family’s market? 
If it weren’t for Fabian who rushed over from Kingbourne to intervene, Noah and Taylor would have gotten into serious trouble. 
If it weren’t for the fact that Shane was their brother–in–law, with Marie, their blood sister, vouching for him, who would have trusted him so much? 
That incident had taken years for Noah and Taylor to recover from. Any other person might have never bounced back. 
What hurt the most was Marie’s reaction at the time. She had completely disappeared, and when she finally showed up, she asked if any of it mattered. 
Thinking back, Reuben took a deep breath. “You two should think 
49 
about it as well,” 
Noah suddenly spoke up, “Dad, some people from the Quinnell family will be at the Chamber of Commerce tomorrow. How about coming with me if you’re feeling well?” 
For the past few years, due to Reuben’s poor health, Noah had been attending the Chamber of Commerce for him. He now suggested it because he felt the timing was right. 
“I heard that Wynter will be representing them,” he added. 
“Wynter…” Reuben recalled his soft, cuddly granddaughter. She would always wear a tiger–head hat and extend her arms to ask for hugs. His heart softened at the thoughts of Wynter. 
Then, he remembered the young doctor’s words. A wounded heart could only be mended by tending to the inner wounds, and misunderstandings could only be cleared by talking about it. 
###chapter1266
Chapter 1266 Come With Me 
The first thing Wynter did when she returned to the hotel was to report everything that had happened at the Whitman residence to Marie. 
Marie couldn’t sit still upon hearing this. “How could your 
grandfather’s health suddenly deteriorate so much? Was it due to medication errors, or something else?” 
Wynter understood Marie’s anxiety. She reassured her by placing hand on her shoulder. 
“Mom, don’t worry. Grandpa will be fine. The medicine is already on its way. What I wanted to talk to you about are the previous misunderstandings. 
“After you recovered, you tried to return to the Whitman family several times, but neither Grandpa nor my uncles seemed to know about it. Besides the Wray family, there must be others causing trouble.” 
Wynter lowered her gaze. “Let’s attend tomorrow afternoon’s Chamber of Commerce together. You can use the invitation, and I’ll find another way to get in.” 
Marie was more than eager to see Reuben after hearing about his illness. Hence, she agreed to follow Wynter’s plan after knowing that she could meet him. However, she had one concern. 
“The Wray family’s connections in Hawford are very intricate. I’m worried about you,” Marie said while holding Wynter’s hand. 
Despite Wynter’s capabilities, Hawford was perilous. The Wray family’s rise to power wasn’t simple. There must have been more 
2/3 
than what met the eyes. 
Wynter smiled softly. “Mom, don’t forget that Grandpa has paved the way for me. I’m going to visit the old Quinnell residence now.” “Going to the old Quinnell residence will definitely draw attention.” 
Marie recalled today’s news reports and felt uneasy. She had an idea of what could have happened which led to the tragic incident involving Vanessa jumping to her death. 
Marie wasn’t at the age where she was clueless and innocent. After learning that the Wray family has a share in the bar, it added to her anxiety. 
Ever since they reached Hawford, it felt as if Wynter, Albert, and even the hotel she was in were under surveillance. 
If Wynter went to the old Quinnell residence, it would mean telling the people in the Chamber of Commerce that she was there to reclaim the leadership for the Quinnell family. Such an approach was bold but also dangerous: 
Marie, as her mother, didn’t want to hinder Wynter’s ambitions but sought a safer approach. “I’ll go back to the Whitman residence again. Even if I can’t get in, I can at least divert some of the Wray family’s attention.” 
“Mom, there’s no need. Let them come to me. That would be for the best.” Wynter smiled. “That way, I’ll know exactly who doesn’t want things to return to their rightful place.” 
Her logic was sound. The Chamber of Commerce was founded by Gordon. Now, those people not only wielded power but were also oppressing the very people who helped build it. 
Wynter couldn’t allow this to continue. Every debt had a debtor, and she intended to settle accounts with everyone involved. 
Chapter 1266 Come With Me 
3/3 
The fact that the Winston family had yet to show up was another matter weighing on her mind. 
If Wynter had a weak point, it would undoubtedly be Marie being alone in Hawford. 
Therefore, she left Whitley at the hotel to protect her. With a Savior around, no evil forces would succeed. This would ensure absolute safety for Marie. 
Having arranged everything, Wynter returned to the taxi. A closer look revealed that the taxi was modified. 
Wolf sat inside. The back seat was surrounded by monitors displaying different areas of Club Solstice. 
Unlike usual, Wolf seemed exceptionally hungry. He can’t help but find his surroundings aromatic. He was constantly nibbling on bread and staring at the hotel with bright eyes. 
Wynter noticed his unusual behavior. She furrowed her brows as a thought struck her. “You mentioned wanting to eat grilled snake before. Do you have a particular liking for reptiles?” 
###chapter1267
Chapter 1267 Lynette’s Jealousy 
Wolf’s appetite was whetted by the mention of snake meat. He eagerly nodded and abandoned his work momentarily. 
Wynter paused for a moment before she pulled out her phone and googled what Ancient Beasts preferred to eat. The search results were incomplete, so she turned to the knowledgeable Dalton for help. 
Dalton’s reply was prompt and straightforward. “Dragons.” 
As expected. 
Wynter felt a sense of relief as she patted Wolf’s head. “It’s a good thing I didn’t take you upstairs. Alright, let’s switch cars. You’re coming with me to find something.” 
Switch cars? Wolf was visibly puzzled. 
Just then, a brand new Lamborghini arrived at the hotel. Its appearance was incredibly sleek, with lights and a rear wing that looked stunning. 
Wolf’s face lit up with excitement. His youthful features reflected a single thought–trouble! He knew Wynter well enough to 
understand that the flashier the entrance, the bigger the plan. And he loved it. 
The people under the Wrays, who had been following Wynter all day, finally caught a glimpse of her and looked at each other in confusion. 
“Is she just coming out of the hotel? Didn’t she already leave?” 
“Could she have come back earlier? When did she return?” 
2/3 
“Never mind, just tell everyone outside to head to the front. Tell them that Wynter Quinnell has appeared, and it looks like she’s heading toward Riogeb.” 
But Wynter’s destination wasn’t just Riogeb. She drove the Lamborghini with its sunroof wide open, making a grand spectacle from Riogeb all the way to the Wray family’s club. The attention she garnered was impossible to ignore. 
Many onlookers, including wealthy ladies who frequented the club for beauty treatments, were abuzz with gossip. 
“Whose child is driving so wildly?” 
“That’s the girl from the Quinnell family. She just arrived in Hawford.” 
“A girl?” 
“Yeah. Marie’s daughter.” 
Lynette, standing nearby and listening, felt increasingly irritated She hadn’t expected that after all these years, the mother–and- daughter duo could still dominate conversations so effortlessly. 
Someone asked her, “Lynette, do you know Marie’s daughter?” 
“I haven’t met her,” Lynette replied with a stiff smile. After all, she just got botox treatment. “But from this display, she doesn’t seem much like Marie.” 
“Indeed, she seems more like a nouveau riche. She is showing her car off as if no one else has luxury cars.” 
Lynette’s smile remained fixed, though she was inwardly pleased by the comment. 
“Well, I did run into Marie recently. She looks just as she did before. 
3/3 
“You saw her? When?” Lynette didn’t believe that her old acquaintances could still reach Marie, as she had long intervened. 
“Just yesterday. Didn’t she come to the club?” The person 
hesitated, glancing at Lynette before continuing in a lower voice,” And she left in someone else’s car. 
“Someone else? Who?” Lynette asked. 
“The one from the Darnell family.” 
As soon as those words dropped, Lynette’s expression instantly changed. She gripped her coffee cup tightly, struggling to control her emotions. “That’s impossible! How could she be in his car?” 
Lynette didn’t think Marie deserved such treatment. Although she didn’t say her last thoughts aloud, her voice was sharp enough to silence the surrounding chatter. 
Realizing the sensitivity of the topic, the person quickly corrected herself, “I must have been mistaken. How is it possible for her to be in his car?” 
Everyone present knew Lucius Darnell’s significance and Lynette’s intentions. 
“Of course, it must have been a mistake!” Lynette yelled before she continued, “Still, it’s shocking how poorly Marie raised her daughter. I wonder if Mr. Reuben’s health would deteriorate if he saw this…” 
###chapter1268
Chapter 1268 Angering the Wrays 
The chatter resumed in the club, but Lynette couldn’t act like 
nothing had happened. Her old acquaintance’s words had struck a nerve. 
Marie was always such a flirt! How dare she, after having so many children, still shamelessly throw herself at others? 
The more Lynette thought about it, the angrier she became. She desperately wanted the Whitman family to collapse completely. 
Did Marie really think that returning to Hawford meant she could go back to the way things were before? It seemed she needed to be taught a harsh lesson. 
Lynette was already fuming by Tobias‘ refusal to endorse their club. How dare they refuse her when she gave them a chance? 
She wanted to see how Marie would come begging for help once Reuben was left without medical care! 
What Lynette didn’t know was that her plans were already thwarted. After all, the Whitmans had just formally rejected all cooperation with the Wray family. 
This left Kenton fuming in his office. He threw a fit right after hanging up on Taylor. “What is going on with the Whitmans?” 
They were clearly about to sign the contract. As long as he could invite Evan, the Whitmans would seal the deal. 
But in the blink of an eye, the Whitmans had changed their minds! Taylor had abruptly said they no longer needed him. This “grateful son” dared to say they didn’t need his help! What a joke! 
2/3 
Kenton called the hospital frustratedly only to be told that Chester was already resting. 
Just then, his staff reported that Wynter had shown up, driving a sports car that was currently parked outside his company building. Kenton thought Wynter would come up to plead her case. He believed that by now, she should understand who held the power in the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce. 
If she wanted to reconcile with the Whitmans, she would have to pay her respects to him first. 
With that in mind, Kenton smirked. He leaned back in his executive chair and crossed his legs. “What can’t get from the Whitmans, I’ll get from the Quinnells. It will be the same.” 
In a partnership, there should always be something to gain. Since Wynter was the one asking him for help, he was sure to set a high price. 
Confident and prepared, he had his secretary ready an investment contract and coffee. 
But five minutes passed, then ten, and she still hadn’t come up. He waited and waited until he finished his coffee, only to be told, “She just drove around and left.” 
Kenton’s blood boiled even further as his anger flared. “That 
Quinnell brat!” Clutching his aching chest, he was truly at his wits‘ end with frustration. 
Meanwhile, Wynter’s purpose for the joyride was merely to stir up resentment. It wouldn’t be fair if only Reuben was ill. It would only be right if everyone was equally angry. 
Wynter wanted the focus on her, ensuring the ongoing 
Chapter 1268 Angering the Wrays 
investigation proceeded smoothly. The most crucial key was that no one knew the true intentions behind her act. 
3/3 
Her antics had already spread throughout the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce, painting her as rebellious and uncouth. 
Among the members of the Chamber of Commerce was Taylor. He saw the photos and touched the screen with his fingertip. 
As her uncle, his only thoughts were that Wynter remained unchanged since childhood. She had always enjoyed interests that boys typically liked. She was rough and rebellious, just like him! 
As Wynter completed her round, she mentally mapped the routes and noted down some network passwords. 
“How was it?” she asked Wolf and casually rested a hand on the steering wheel. 
Her handsome racing attire and wind–blown hair gave her an effortlessly chic look, especially as she turned to him with a smirk She looked just like a stunning antagonist straight out of a movie. 
###chapter1269
Chapter 1269 Elites 
Sitting in the passenger seat, Wolf intently observed the 
flickering data on his laptop. His eyes brightened as each line 
creen. Soon enough, he gave 
of data scrolled across the 
Wynter an affirmative thumbs–up, 
Wynter smirked. “Looks like being in the same network area does boost efficiency.” 
In truth, her act of speeding around the city was meant to synchronize all the Wray family’s network devices with Wolf’s laptop. 
Since the Wray family had a penchant for spying on others, it was time to give them a taste of their own medicine. 
Once the synchronization was completed, Wynter set off to the old Quinnell residence. Her sole purpose for coming to 
Hawford was to fulfill Gordon’s last wish, which he had left as Hawford was to f 
a clue in the newspaper within that formation. 
Wynter was determined to uncover the reason behind Gordon’s unusual way of reaching out to her. Perhaps, she might find some hints at the old Quinnell residence. 
By the time Wynter arrived, night had fallen. The mansion’s gate was locked, and not a single light glimmered inside. 
Wynter once witnessed the bustling mansion within the formation, though it had now faded into a more subdued silence. 
Upon noticing her arrival, the caretaker rushed to the front gate with a torchlight in hand. He raised his torchlight and asked, ” Who goes there?” 
“It’s me, Wynter,” came the warm reply. 
Recognizing Wynter from the photo, the caretaker cried out excitedly, “It really is you, Ms. Wynter!” 
Although the mansion’s caretakers hadn’t followed Gordon to Kingbourne, they had been mindful of the deeds Wynter had taken. While others might have been skeptical, the caretakers held a firm belief in her. 
After all, Wynter had shown genuine concern for their well- being before arriving in Hawford. Not only had she doubled their wages, but she also provided retirement and medical 
benefits. 
Plus, Fabian had informed them in advance about the reason. for her visit. 
“Sorry for being late. There were some accidents along the way, “Wynter stated as she proceeded inside while the caretaker reassured her that she had arrived on time. 
Wynter knew that Gordon wasn’t one confined to narrow viewpoints. In truth, those who remained in the old Quinnell residence were all highly skilled and capable. 
Although some were physically impaired.or deemed 
unwelcome due to their old age, Wynter was aware that the mansion was full of highly competent individuals. 
Chapter 126 Difer 
in international economics. 
“There have been some unusual movements in the stock market recently, Mr. Rachford. My brother, Albert, might need your expertise. Would you be willing to help?” Wynter inquired. 
Henry Rachford replied with a bright smile, “Of course, Ms. Wynter. Just let us know what you need. We’ve been awaiting your presence as the new head of the family, after all.” 
Although Henry was older than Fabian, he was still hale and hearty. Despite wearing a formal suit, he didn’t quite fit the image of a butler. 
Henry looked at Wynter with a gleam of joy in his eyes. “I’m sure the late Mr. Gordon would be thrilled to see you, Ms. Wynter. He once mentioned that he would pass on the family assets to his granddaughter if he had one.” 
“I’m still lacking in comparison to Grandpa Gordon. To be honest, I’m here to check out his former residence,” Wynter admitted. 
With the Wray family and their associates focusing elsewhere, it was her perfect chance to find what she needed. 
Hearing that, Henry led the way with the torchlight. “Please follow me, Ms. Wynter. We’ve heard about your situation. Don’t worry about the Whitmans–we have a plan to deal with them. As for the quota for the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce…” 
###chapter1270
Chapter 1270 A Heartfelt Sincerity 
“I have a plan to deal with the Chamber of Commerce,” Wynter interjected. 
She refused to burden an elderly man with her troubles. And, given her status as one of the few angel investors, she could easily join the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce. 
Aside from Larry and his associates, no one knew about Wynter’s role as an angel investor. Even Fabian was unaware of her involvement at such a young age. It might be bewildering, but Wynter was undeniably an exceptional 
individual. 
Her remarkable intuition for profits and sharp business acumen set her apart from others. What began as casual investing had turned Wynter into a prominent angel investor. 
If those in the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce 
learned of that, they wouldn’t have belittled her as an ignorant girl. 
Little did they know that Wynter might hold certain shares in their companies. The aristocrats were dependent on 
capitalists, and Wynter was one of them. 
Although Henry acknowledged Wynter’s capabilities, he feared the application of Kingborne’s methods into Hawford might lead to setbacks. 
Despite Wynter’s reassurance, Henry still arranged for someone to accompany her. “This is Marco Vaughan, Ms. 
Wynter. He’s fourth in rank here. 
“While he might be mute, he’s well versed in the affairs and personnel in the Chamber of Commerce and knows a lot of secrets. We’d feel more at ease if you bring him along. 
tomorrow,” he introduced. 
As Wynter had suspected, the caretakers at the old Quinnell residence were all highly capable. Appreciating Henry and the other caretakers‘ goodwill, Wynter accepted the offer. 
“Mr. Gordon’s room is up ahead, Henry informed Wynter as he led her to a room. 
Wynter could tell that Henry had been taking great care of the mansion. Despite the passing years, the mahogany furniture was carefully preserved and showed no hints of decay under the lights. 
“Mr. Gordon used to read the papers by the window. Many policies were decided right there back then.” Henry recalled with a nostalgic smile. 
The caretakers, who were once supported by Gordon, had never forgotten the Quinnell family’s former glory in Hawford. 
Yet, 
only the strong would thrive in the world. They could only. watch with sorrow and helplessness as changes unfolded within the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce. 
Following Henry’s gaze, Wynter spotted a small, outdated desk with a pen holder and a few history books scattered across it. A newspaper rack stood beside the desk. 
Wynter walked over and flipped through the books. She soon 
Chapter 1270 A Heartfelt Sincerity 
stopped at the 47th page, marked by creases. 
“Has anyone touched these books?” Wynter asked casually, but she was keen on catching every clue in the room. 
“There was none. This room has been preserved exactly as it was before Mr. Gordon’s death. These were among their 
favorite books to read, including the papers over there,” Henry replied respectfully. 
Though Wynter noticed the newspapers, she doubted she 
would find any clues in a short time. As she had a trip 
scheduled for tomorrow, she decided to gather any important 
information she could. 
“Grandpa Fabian mentioned you’ve been taking care of Grandpa Gordon until his death. Is that right?” Wynter inquired. 
Holding an oil lamp in hand, Henry approached Wynter to provide better light for her reading. “Indeed. Mr. Gordon was deeply concerned about the Chamber of Commerce and jotted down several suggestions here.” 
Henry answered Wynter’s question truthfully without withholding any details. 
Hearing that, Wynter set the newspaper back on the rack and disclosed her true purpose. “Actually, the reason I came back here is because of a dream.” 
###chapter1271
Chapter 1271 Acknowledging Wynter as the New Owner 
Wynter calmly inquired, “In my dream, Grandpa Gordon sent me a message through Youth Daily. He urged me to come home, saying he left something for me. Did he mention anything to you before he passed away?” 
Henry was visibly stunned by her question. When he met. Wynter’s gaze once more, his eyes reddened as his hands slightly trembled. 
“It seems the time has come. When Mr. Gordon was on his 
deathbed, he had told me that someone would come and 
retrieve something he left. 
“No matter who becomes the Quinnell family’s head, I am bound to serve them. I initially pried Mr. Fabian about this, but he seemed unaware. I soon realized Mr. Gordon was uncertain who would come or when. It remained a mystery.” 
Henry continued in a quavering voice, “But now, the time has come. Before this, I had expected to be laid to rest with Mr. Gordon’s wishes unfulfilled. Thankfully, you’ve arrived in time.” 
Only at that moment did Henry feel a renewed sense of purpose. Such a feeling was different from merely learning about the Quinnell family’s new head. 
Henry was a loyal and honorable man, having kept Gordon’s secret for years. Even if the Quinnell family had lost their glory in Hawford, he continued to safeguard the mansion until a new owner’s arrival. 
[Chanjér 1271 Acknowledana Wynter at the New Owner 
In olden times, people shared close and meaningful employer- employee relationships. While such bonds seemed quaint in the present time, they could still lead to monumental life. changes upon finding someone truly worth following. 
Henry was now ready to embrace the legacy Gordon left. behind. 
Although Wynter couldn’t empathize with Henry, she was deeply thankful for regaining her cognizance after her head injury. 
She had dispelled the formation at the Quinnell residence and learned the truth behind the family. And now, she had followed Gordon’s guidance to Hawford. 
Wynter doubted she could endure the years of guarding an uninhabited mansion. She couldn’t reveal a secret, nor did she 
know who would arrive or when. 
It was thanks to people like Henry that the Quinnell family held onto a glimmer of hope. 
“Thank you for everything, Mr. Rachford. I truly appreciate it.” Wynter held Henry’s hands firmly as she expressed her 
sincerest gratitude. 
Henry hurriedly interjected, “This is nothing. In fact, I’m really happy to see you, Ms. Wynter, and I’m glad you told me the truth. It feels like those days waiting weren’t for nothing.” 
Henry knew that Wynter wouldn’t have disclosed the truth if she had harbored doubts about him. It was clear she regarded him as part of the family rather than just a caretaker. 
Chapter 1271 Acknowledging Wynter as the New Owner 
Henry and his fellow caretakers owed a debt of gratitude to Gordon, who never scorned them for their disabilities. When Wynter extended the same compassion, Henry felt a profound sense of warmth and appreciation. 
“Mr. Gordon instructed me not to reveal anything unless the chosen one has mentioned Youth Daily. Since you have, I’ll tell you what I know,” Henry affirmed as he looked at Wynter with sparkling eyes. 
He pointed at the table and continued, “I must say you have a sharp intuition. The puzzle is on that desk. Mr. Gordon said that your destiny begins with Youth Daily, so the answer can also be found in the paper. 
“He also mentioned you’ve been in Hawford before. Is that right?” 
###chapter1272
Chapter 1272 Gordon’s Legacy 
Henry’s question was tinged with uncertainties. He wasn’t aware that Wynter had been to Hawford before. 
Given her age, she wasn’t even born when Gordon passed 
away. So, why did Gordon claim her destiny began with Youth Daily? 
It was only then that Henry realized a logical flaw in his reasoning. Though he was worried about the potential 
mistakes, Wynter chuckled and took his hands. “Indeed. I’ve been to this house before.” 
Henry stared at her in shock, silently wondering when she had visited the old Quinnell residence. Wynter picked up the newspaper from the rack and slipped it into her black bag. 
“I’ll definitely find out what Grandpa Gordon has left for me, and I won’t hand over the Chamber of Commerce he 
established. So, Mr. Rachford, are you prepared for a new life?” Wynter grinned. 
Feeling the vigor of his youth returning, Henry replied eagerly, Definitely. And it’s not just 
me–the others are also ready for 
action.” 
“Well then, let’s follow Grandpa Gordon’s example and bring the Chamber of Commerce back to its farmer glory. It was founded in Cascadia, and we Cascadian merchants should have the final say,” Wynter asserted as she zipped up her bag. 
At that moment, Henry finally realized Wynter’s intention. He 
Chapter 1272 Gordon’s Legacy 
had never expected her to have such a generous spirit. 
He had initially thought she merely wanted to reclaim the Quinnell family’s power in the Chamber of Commerce and establish a foothold in Hawford’s business community. 
However, Henry now understood why Gordon entrusted Wynter with “that thing“. After all, she was the only one who truly understood Gordon’s principle. 
To whom much was given, much was expected. A businessman should always pursue profit fairly and honestly. 
The Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce rightfully belonged to the Cascadians, and they should wield its authority. Only then could their people live safely and happily.. 
“I believe you have the contact details for families oppressed by the Wrays, Mr. Rachford. I’ll cover the shortfall in their funds. 
“For companies that failed in business transformations, I need you to draft some plans. Let’s take it one step at a time,” Wynter instructed calmly. 
With his background in international economics, Henry quickly did some calculations and came up with a number. 
“The amount required is too large. It’s not feasible to cover every shortfall. I have some funds from my stock investments. Let me withdraw them for you.” 
“I can’t possibly accept your pension, Mr. Rachford,” Wynter declined with a soft chuckle. 
“In that case, Marco has some connections. We could have him seek out potential investors, Henry suggested, clearly 
Changer 1272 Gordon’s Legacy 
concerned about the funding. Many companies nowadays seemed accomplished, but their cash reserves were 
constrained. 
3/3 
Wynter pondered for a moment and decided to spill the beans. “Don’t worry, Mr. Rachford. I’m not actually short on funds. The Wray family can’t outmatch me in terms of cash flow. Feel free to proceed with whatever plans you have.” 
Henry was surprised by Wynter’s assertion. After all, the Wray family was known for having the largest cash reserves in 
Hawford. No aristocratic family was a match for them, let alone the Whitman family. 
Such financial strength had contributed to the Wrays‘ imposing stature and formidable reputation. 
The Wray family generated quick profits through businesses and established a market monopoly. With strong backing from foreign investors, they could pursue their goals without any reservations. 
Despite his trust in Wynter’s words, Henry couldn’t help 
worrying that she might have underestimated the Wray family. 
But when he explained the potential impacts on their profits, Wynter was surprisingly calm and composed, as if she had everything under control. 
###chapter1273
Chapter 1273 A Crush 
“Are you aware of this?” Henry asked in surprise, gaining a deeper understanding of Wynter, 
Wynter gently nodded. “I’ve heard about it, but there’s 
something I’d like to confirm. Just what part does the Darnell family play in this situation? And why would their new head send an invitation to the Quinnell family?” 
Such questions had been weighing on her mind. However she looked at it, it seemed unlikely that the Darnells would want the Quinnells at the meeting. 
Upon hearing Wynter’s inquiry, Henry furrowed his brows. “Are you saying that the Darnell family has sent you an invitation to the Chamber of Commerce?” 
“They even sent it to the hotel. It’s funny, isn’t it?” Wynter 
smirked. 
Henry pondered and replied, “Let me check with Marco. He might know something.” 
Shortly after, an elderly man, whose steps barely made a sound, walked into the room. 
After Henry posed the question through sign language, Marco Vaughan pulled out his phone in response. Henry gazed at the screen and fell silent for a moment before turning the phone toward Wynter. 
Wynter was puzzled by the unusual exchange until she saw the 
Chapter 1273 & Crush 
message on the screen. 
“Is this credible?” she wondered aloud. However she looked at it, the message seemed to hint at some dubious gossip. 
Henry chuckled. “Nothing concerning Hawford’s aristocratic families escapes Marco’s notice. He was Mr. Gordon’s best informant.” 
“Does that include romance rumors?” Wynter asked pointedly 
since the rumor concerned her mother. 
Henry cleared his throat sheepishly. “Well, he and Ms. Marie. did attend the same school.” 
Baffled by the revelation, Wynter couldn’t help grabbing her head in confusion. “That doesn’t mean everyone falls for their 
classmates! Should I ask Mom about this?” 
Henry responded with a serious expression, “In that case, I’m sure you’ll get an answer promptly.” 
“To be honest, I’m not really interested in my parents‘ love story.” Wynter sighed as she mentally prepared herself. 
Worried that she might feel uneasy inquiring about such 
rumors, Henry attempted to offer some advice when Wynter 
cut in. 
“What does Lucius Darnell look like? Is he handsome or tall?” Wynter wondered aloud. 
Henry was stunned by her question and turned to Marco, who gave an estimate of Lucius‘ height. 
“Not bad. Has he put on any weight? He’s not losing any hair 
Chapter 1273, A Crui 
either, is he?” Wynter inquired further. 
Marco shook his head and gave a thumbs–up in response to her questions. 
Seeing Marco’s response, Wynter let out a soft chuckle. “It’s too bad we don’t have his picture. No worries, we’ll see him at the meeting tomorrow. But are you sure he has a crush on Mom, Mr. Vaughan?” 
Marco adjusted his glasses and swiftly laid out all his records, leaving Wynter stupefied. She wondered why Marco insisted Lucius was infatuated with Marie when he seemed more like a flirtatious playboy. 
So, Marco provided evidence to support his claim. He drew a circle on Lucius‘ eyes, hinting at the expression in his gaze. 
Unfortunately, Wynter wasn’t attuned to romantic cues. She kept the clues away to seek further advice at a later time. 
However, Wynter was more inclined to believe that Lucius was annoyed by Marie’s conservatism and brilliance rather than infatuated with her. 
If that were the case, why would he send the Quinnells an invitation? It was hard to tell what was on a man’s mind. 
With that, Wynter decided to seek Dalton’s help once she returned from the old Quinnell residence. 
Meanwhile, at a prestigious hotel, Marie received an unexpected call right after her shower. 
Chapter 1274 Helping Your Daughter. 
###chapter1274
Chapter 1274 Helping Your Daughter 
The call was from Lucius, who expressed his intentions. plainly. “Your daughter has compromised the others‘ interest by participating in the meeting. The Whitman family won’t offer her their support, and I have my own plans to deal with her tomorrow.” 
Hearing that, Marie clenched her fists. She had long outgrown her innocence. “How do you suggest we cooperate?” 
Lucius chuckled softly at her response, and it sounded like he was taking a drag off a cigarette. 
At present, he stood on the top floor of Hawford’s central building, surveying his surroundings. His business partners were enjoying some fine drinks and beautiful women’s 
company. 
Snuffing out his cigarette, Lucius glanced at the crowd offering him toasts. He gently swirled his wine glass and raised a brow, prompting his bodyguards to clear the crowd around him. 
In truth, the private banquet’s attendees were shrewd and perceptive. Upon witnessing the scene, the crowd exchanged knowing glances and gave up on approaching Lucius. 
As Lucius gazed at the dazzling night scene in silence, he uttered with a solemn gaze, “You’re misunderstanding 
something here–there’s nothing of value you can bring to this partnership. 
“The Cascadians have once said that regret for lost chances 
Chapter 1274 Helping Your Daughter 
will haunt you, in later years. Have you forgotten your disdain. for me, Marie? You’ve turned me down more than once.” 
Marie frowned slightly, though her voice remained gentle. “Are you saying I loathed you? You must be drunk.” 
Lucius swirled his wine glass and continued, “You said the same thing back at prom night. I assure you that I’m quite sober now. If you agree to get a divorce and be at my side, I’ll help your daughter take over the Chamber of Commerce.” 
Marie felt her heart skip a beat at Lucius‘ words. She hadn’t expected such an outrageous offer. 
“You’re right. You’re not drunk; you’re mad,” Marie retorted. For the first time, she felt her composure slipping. Despite his age, Lucius remained as indifferent as ever. 
Lucius hesitantly cleared his throat before refuting in a deep voice, “Oh, I’m crazy all right. I wouldn’t have made such an 
offer if I were in my right mind. 
“Think about the people in the Chamber of Commerce–do you seriously think your daughter can handle them? 
“And do you think the Whitmans hold the same power as they once had? I’m sure you’re aware of how much your brothers have suffered since your marriage to Shane Quinnell. On top of that, Mr. Whitman Senior is growing weaker by the day. 
“The Wrays had taken their chances at the perfect time and climbed to the top. They’ve been watching the Whitmans‘ every move like starving hyenas. Just imagine what would become of your family.” 
Glapper 1274 Helping Your Daughter 
Lucius took a sip of his whiskey as he listened to Marie’s soft breathing on the other end of the line. Since she had regarded him as despicable, he had no qualms about tarnishing his image further. 
“I have a copy of the financial statements for Taylor’s companies. It was a mistake he made while working with the Wray family to cover his financial shortfall. 
“I’m sure you understand the consequences Taylor will face if I turn these records over,” Lucius coolly threatened. 
Marie was about to end the call but abruptly paused. “You’re lying. Taylor will never engage in illegal conduct.” 
Gazing at his reflection in the mirror, Lucius chuckled. “You’re finally showing some emotions. I thought you would forsake your own family for the Quinnells. 
“While Taylor stays within legal boundaries, Kenton won’t. And, considering the close ties the two famili
###chapter1275
Chapter 1275 Meeting Lucius 
In Marie’s recollection, Lucius had always been im
Chapter 1275 What You Said Back Then 
Upon reaching the parking lot, the driver pulled over and stepped out of the car, leaving Marie alone with Lucius. 
Even with her damp hair, Marie looked far from disheveled. On the contrary, her eyes glowed with a striking clarity. 
Someone once remarked that her beauty was unparalleled and defied her age, as if she was destined to be adored. Her waist was as slim as those beautiful women depicted in fiction, while her wrist appeared delicate and fragile. 
While her beauty was undeniable, her view of the world was often clouded by emotional uncertainty. 
Instead of being intimidated by Lucius, Marie met his gaze directly. “I don’t understand. With your status, you can have any woman you want. Why would you propose something like that? As you said, this collaboration doesn’t seem to be worth 
the effort.” 
“I thought I already answered that. Like you said, there aren’t many who will refuse me–you’re the first and only one to do 
so.” 
Lucius reclined in his seat without sparing a glance at Marie. His face was shrouded in shadows, making it hard to read his expression. 
Marie tightened her grip on her coat, musing that such information had far exceeded her expectations. 
Chapter 1275 What You Said Back Then 
2/3 
At that moment, she decided to clear up her misunderstanding with Lucius. “I don’t hate you. I’m not sure if my mannerisms gave you the wrong impression back then.” 
Hearing that, Lucius turned his gaze toward her while remaining still. 
Seeing that he was open to an explanation, Marie quickly. continued, “If that were the case, I’m willing to be honest with you. There’s no need for such a ridiculous collaboration because of our past.” 
“The collaboration? I assumed you had agreed by coming down,” Lucius replied with a chuckle, though his eyes were cold. 
Marie was momentarily stunned, but she quickly regained her composure. “I have, but I need to know the reason.” 
Lucius shifted his gaze away from her and stared out of the window. Though he seemed calm, his throat’s subtle 
movement betrayed his inner thoughts. 
“Your personality is fine. It seems you have really forgotten about it,” he said in a hoarse voice. 
When Marie appeared confused, Lucius gave her some important hints. “During the school festival, you were talking to your friends backstage after your violin performance.” 
Instantly, Marie was transported back to her younger days. She had just turned 18 and held strong beliefs about romantic relationships. 
Her friends were asking her about Lucjus and wondered how 
Chapter 1275 What You Said Back Then 
she would respond if he were to confess. What was her answer back then? 
“He’s nice, but I prefer someone loyal. His relationships are a tangled mess. Besides, there’s no way he’d be interested in me. If you have no other questions, I suggest we go our separate ways.” 
That was what Marie replied to her friends. Realization dawned upon her, and she turned to Lucius in surprise. “You were there?” 
“I didn’t mean to overhear, but it was hard to imagine that the decorous class president would speak critically of others. behind their backs,” Lucius replied nonchalantly. 
“I wasn’t criticizing you. I was just speaking from an ive standpoint,” Marie argued. 
“I admit my intimate relationships were disastrous compared to your beloved Shane,” Lucius retorted as his eyes were bleak. 
Marie had never intended to anger him and hurriedly apologized, “I’m sorry for my immature comments back then.” 
However, Lucius suddenly yanked her closer as his gaze darkened. “Do you think I made such a request just to hear your apology?” 
rudent and insouciant, but he was also straightforward. He wouldn’t hesitate about seizing what he wanted by force. 
Although Marie doubted that Lucius would deceive her, she needed to be sure. Putting the call on hold, she quickly 
accessed the associate company’s website and found the one listed under Taylor’s name. 
When she realized that Lucius was telling the truth, her face turned pale. 
“Who else knows about this?” Marie questioned in a quavering voice. 
In contrast, Lucius replied casually, “No one. I’ve intercepted the information.” 
Hearing that, Marie bit her bottom lip and suggested a meeting in person. Her primary concern was to retrieve the information from Lucius and work out a solution to the problem. 
Lucius was stunned for a moment before grabbing his coat from the couch. “No need to rush here. I’m just right beside your hotel. Come down when you’re ready.” 
Marie ended the call. She didn’t bother to dry her hair as she quickly slipped into her coat and headed to the door. 
While Wolf would normally accompany Marie, Whitley was her current protector. 
Chapter 1275 Mechnial uclus 
Whitley was working with his laptop in the living room when he noticed Marie leaving her room. He lifted his gaze and asked, Are you going somewhere, Ms. Whitman?” 
Marie knew that Wynter and her team had been extremely busy in the past few days. In particular, Wynter hadn’t had a decent rest since reuniting with the Quinnell family. 
Although Marie didn’t want to add to their worries, she was aware of her own fragile condition and tied the lucky token 
around her wrist. 
As for the issues with Lucius, she just had to deal with them on her own. She couldn’t see herself as a good parent if Wynter ended up facing hardships in Hawford because of her. 
“I’m meeting a friend downstairs, I’ll be back soon,” Marie replied. She wasn’t lying, but she wasn’t telling the truth, either. 
as about Cocking his head to the side, Whitley was about to turn off his laptop and accompany her. However, Marie instructed him to stay and continue with his investigation. 
Whitley couldn’t defy the order, but Wynter had tasked him to keep Marie safe. After a moment of pondering, he insisted on accompanying Marie. 
“I won’t be in your way. I’ll keep a close watch from three feet away,” he suggested. 
Marie didn’t want to put Whitley in a tough spot, so she agreed to let him come along. Recalling that Lucius had only invited her into his car, she instructed Whitley to wait in another car. 
Marie calmly waited at the designated spot. Based on the 
Chapter 1275 Meetina Luchis 
background noise from their phone call, she assumed he would arrive after the party ended. 
Before long, a silver Rolls–Royce Cullinan pulled over beside her. Lucius was found sitting in the backseat. He rolled down the window and turned his gaze to Marie. 
Clutching her coat, Marie took a deep breath and opened the door without Lucius‘ order. 
Upon climbing into the car, she instantly felt a cold shiver wash over her. Despite the weather that month, the air conditioner was set to the maximum. 
Lucius reeked of booze and lethargy as he cast a brief glance at Marie. He appeared more charming and handsome without his gentlemanly facade, complementing a rebellious edge that belied his years. “Turn off the air conditioner,” he ordered. 
The driver complied with his order and drove the car to the underground parking lot. 
###chapter1276
‘s recollection, Lucius had always been im
Chapter 1275 What You Said Back Then 
Upon reaching the parking lot, the driver pulled over and stepped out of the car, leaving Marie alone with Lucius. 
Even with her damp hair, Marie looked far from disheveled. On the contrary, her eyes glowed with a striking clarity. 
Someone once remarked that her beauty was unparalleled and defied her age, as if she was destined to be adored. Her waist was as slim as those beautiful women depicted in fiction, while her wrist appeared delicate and fragile. 
While her beauty was undeniable, her view of the world was often clouded by emotional uncertainty. 
Instead of being intimidated by Lucius, Marie met his gaze directly. “I don’t understand. With your status, you can have any woman you want. Why would you propose something like that? As you said, this collaboration doesn’t seem to be worth 
the effort.” 
“I thought I already answered that. Like you said, there aren’t many who will refuse me–you’re the first and only one to do 
so.” 
Lucius reclined in his seat without sparing a glance at Marie. His face was shrouded in shadows, making it hard to read his expression. 
Marie tightened her grip on her coat, musing that such information had far exceeded her expectations. 
Chapter 1275 What You Said Back Then 
2/3 
At that moment, she decided to clear up her misunderstanding with Lucius. “I don’t hate you. I’m not sure if my mannerisms gave you the wrong impression back then.” 
Hearing that, Lucius turned his gaze toward her while remaining still. 
Seeing that he was open to an explanation, Marie quickly. continued, “If that were the case, I’m willing to be honest with you. There’s no need for such a ridiculous collaboration because of our past.” 
“The collaboration? I assumed you had agreed by coming down,” Lucius replied with a chuckle, though his eyes were cold. 
Marie was momentarily stunned, but she quickly regained her composure. “I have, but I need to know the reason.” 
Lucius shifted his gaze away from her and stared out of the window. Though he seemed calm, his throat’s subtle 
movement betrayed his inner thoughts. 
“Your personality is fine. It seems you have really forgotten about it,” he said in a hoarse voice. 
When Marie appeared confused, Lucius gave her some important hints. “During the school festival, you were talking to your friends backstage after your violin performance.” 
Instantly, Marie was transported back to her younger days. She had just turned 18 and held strong beliefs about romantic relationships. 
Her friends were asking her about Lucjus and wondered how 
Chapter 1275 What You Said Back Then 
she would respond if he were to confess. What was her answer back then? 
“He’s nice, but I prefer someone loyal. His relationships are a tangled mess. Besides, there’s no way he’d be interested in me. If you have no other questions, I suggest we go our separate ways.” 
That was what Marie replied to her friends. Realization dawned upon her, and she turned to Lucius in surprise. “You were there?” 
“I didn’t mean to overhear, but it was hard to imagine that the decorous class president would speak critically of others. behind their backs,” Lucius replied nonchalantly. 
“I wasn’t criticizing you. I was just speaking from an ive standpoint,” Marie argued. 
“I admit my intimate relationships were disastrous compared to your beloved Shane,” Lucius retorted as his eyes were bleak. 
Marie had never intended to anger him and hurriedly apologized, “I’m sorry for my immature comments back then.” 
However, Lucius suddenly yanked her closer as his gaze darkened. “Do you think I made such a request just to hear your apology?” 
rudent and insouciant, but he was also straightforward. He wouldn’t hesitate about seizing what he wanted by force. 
Although Marie doubted that Lucius would deceive her, she needed to be sure. Putting the call on hold, she quickly 
accessed the associate company’s website and found the one listed under Taylor’s name. 
When she realized that Lucius was telling the truth, her face turned pale. 
“Who else knows about this?” Marie questioned in a quavering voice. 
In contrast, Lucius replied casually, “
###chapter1277
Chapter 1277 Their Youthful Times 
Marie could feel Lucius‘ warm touch on her wrist, leaving a 
fiery sensation that seemed to burn her from within. She 
instantly transported back to a rainy past, when she handed him her umbrella. 
Back then, Lucius grasped her hand firmly and stared at her with a meaningful gaze. “Are you in love with me?” 
Marie believed that many girls had fallen for his handsome looks, but they also recognized his dangerous and 
unpredictable nature. Lucius had histories with numerous girls and frequently moved on to new relationships whenever his 
interests waned. 
Understanding Lucius‘ character, Marie had long dismissed him as a potential love interest. Plus, she preferred to focus on her studies more than personal relationships. 
Though her heart skipped a beat at his question, she soon realized he was merely teasing her. 
“Take this umbrella. It’s better to avoid the rain when you’re sick,” she told him. As the class president, she would’ve done. the same for anyone. 
While Marie had only meant to give Lucius an umbrella, she found it hard to ignore the pounding rhythm of their beating hearts that seemed to distract her from her homework. 
The incident quickly slipped her mind the following day. Lucius didn’t mention it either, though he did stop teasing her dull 
Chapter 
23 
character on their way home. When a new girl from a different school came looking for him, Marie had completely forgotten the incident. 
She was too busy with her exams and her plans for her future. She had been eager to pursue a business venture but soon discovered her management skills were lacking, leading her to change her field of study. 
But at that moment, Marie could clearly hear the same. 
pounding rhythm. It was deep and steady, yet pulsed with a rapid pace. 
Stunned, Marie felt her breathing quickened. She attempted to speak when Lucius cut her off. 
“We’re both adults, so I’m sure you know what I’m after here. Taylor’s financial statements are just to your right. You can either take them and accept my offer, or you can watch your family fall into ruin. 
“As for your daughter, I’ll make sure she never gets a chance to rise in Hawford. I give you my word,” Lucius threatened calmly. His gaze lingered on Marie’s lips as his fingers glided through 
her hair. 
Marie was completely shaken up. It was the first time in her life she had experienced such discomfort. 
During her marriage with Shane, they were regarded as the perfect couple. In truth, Marie had only entered the relationship with him because of the care he showed her. 
Back then, she was young and hadn’t given too much thought to romantic relationships. But after giving her heart to Shane, 
Chapter 1277 The ir Youthful Times: 
she had chosen not to pursue another relationship following 
her divorce. 
3/3 
Marie raised her head and confronted Lucius‘ gaze directly. As long as she could be of help, she would do everything in her 
power to support her family and da 
Lucius was right about one thing–the Wray family had been menacingly watching over the Whitmans. Marie couldn’t even imagine the chaos within the Chamber of Commerce. 
However, she knew that Wynter stood no chance against the Wrays if the Darnells sided with them. 
As she was previously ill, Marie wasn’t aware of Shane’s stunts in Hawford–not that she cared much. Yet, she knew Albert was active in stock markets, and Lucius happened to be proficient in such investments. 
She couldn’t risk jeopardizing the interests of both her family and Wynter, let alone Taylor’s future. 
Taking a deep breath, Marie finally declared, trying her best to suppress the quaver in her voice, “Alright, I agree to be your lover, but on one condition.” 
“Do you think you’re in a place for negotiation?” Lucius frowned 
His question fell on deaf ears as Marie met his gaze unwaveringly. “I’m not interested in being a homewrecker. 
Once you decide to start a family, we’ll go our separate ways.” 
###chapter1278
Chapter 1278 A Deeper Truth 
Lucius looked at Marie with a meaningful gaze. “I promise. I have no intention of starting a family soon or at any point in 
the future.” 
After all, the woman he dreamed of marrying more than anyone else didn’t feel the same way. 
“Let’s get back to you–when are you going to divorce Shane?” Lucius asked. Staying with Shane would only lead to her downfall, yet Marie remained blinded to the looming danger. 
Marie frowned at his words. “There’s something I’ve been wanting to ask. Are you not aware of my divorce?” 
Lucius appeared stunned, and the look in his eyes changed noticeably. Despite his calm appearance, he stumbled over his 
words. “Y–You’re divorced?” 
“Indeed. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have agreed to your ridiculous proposal. So, tell me, are you seriously intending to use Taylor against me?” Marie inquired, staring at Lucius with a clear 
gaze. 
For the first time, Lucius felt like a cat on a hot tin roof–a saying he learned from his great–grandfather. Fidgeting with his fingers, he nervously affirmed Marie’s question. 
“You always enjoyed coming up with such absurdities. When you first visited us, you insisted I be your playmate. When I refused, you broke my toy.” Marie sighed, her soft tone matching her calm demeanor. 
Chapter 1278 A Deeper Truth 
2/3 
Upon hearing that, Lucius felt a surge of panic inside. “You still remember that?” 
With downcast eyes, Marie replied, “I’ve forgotten a lot of things since I got sick. When I came to Hawford, I tried to recover my lost memories; not the ones others shared with me. 
“Since you’ve made a request, I’ll do the same. You claim our grandfathers were close friends, but why didn’t the Whitmans. hear about this?” 
Lucius looked at her sorrowfully. “It’s because of the conflicts within the Darnell family. Grandpa Jared kept a distance from the Whitmans for my sake. 
“I was feeling down that day, and he thought a visit to his old friend might lift my spirits. He mentioned his friend had a grandchild around my age. 
“Grandpa Jared wouldn’t have taken that risk if it weren’t for me. To the Darnell family, I was considered impure. My Cascadian blood made me unfit to take over the family, so I was essentially cast aside.” 
He wore a wistful smile and continued, “Unlike my mother, Grandpa Jared was a scholar who provided me with a good education. Unfortunately, I wasn’t exactly a disciplined child due to the blood running through me.” 
Marie stared at Lucius. Ever since she received his call, she had been weighing her options. Finally, she came to a decision. 
“I know the Darnells hold significant influence over the Chamber of Commerce. My request is simple–support my 
Chapk 1270 A Deeper Truth 
3 
daughter and cast a favorable vote when she decides to move against the Wray family,” Marie stated firmly. 
Lucius arched a brow and retorted, “Well, we’ll have to see if she can make an impression.” 
“She definitely can. In addition to these requests, the Darnell family must voluntarily withdraw from the Chamber of 
Commerce,” Marie continued. She was fully aware of Wynter’s purpose in Hawford. 
Upon hearing that, Lucius turned his gaze away and let out a threatening chuckle. “Wouldn’t it be easier if you just ruined me instead?” 
“I didn’t tell anyone about our meeting, not even my daughter. Now that I’m in a relationship with you, I hope to secure her best interests instead of creating more problems for her to handle,” Marie replied, her stare unwavering. 
Lucius scoffed. “Well, aren’t you an admirable mother?” 
“I’m not. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have come to see you. I have my own selfish reasons,” Marie refuted as she shifted her gaze away. 
Stunned, Lucius attempted to speak when Marie cut him off with a low voice. “Now that I’ve agreed to your request, will you agree to mine?” 
###chapter1279
Chapter 1279 Regret 
“I promise you,” Lucius said, “the Darnell family will voluntarily 
withdraw.” 
He had lost. 
His grandfather, Derrick Darnell, had taught him never to reveal his trump card in business and to keep people guessing. Derrick 
despised Lucius‘ half–Cascadia heritage, but with only one grandson, he imparted what he knew. 
Lucius had indeed never revealed his trump card over the years. 
Even Adrian, his own father, had hoped for his demise. But Lucius wondered why it mattered even if he did meet a bad end. He had gotten what he truly wanted anyway. 
Moreover, he only considered his maternal grandfather, Jared Neil, his family member. In a family that scorned him as a half–breed, it was Jared who took him to Hawford. He taught Lucius to write 
Cascadian and kept him close. 
Jared had said that Lucius‘ green eyes didn’t matter. As long as he lived righteously, he would be his beloved grandson. 
Lucius didn’t care how anyone saw him. Jared was long gone, after all. But there were still some things he would do. 
He looked over at Marie and said, “The Darnell family isn’t the only foreign member in the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce.” 
Upon hearing this, Marje’s fingers twitched slightly. “I know, but you’re the hardest to deal with. Wynter will avoid confronting you unless absolutely necessary because when giants clash, it’s the smaller Cascadian businesses that suffer. She’ll consider that and try to avoid you.* 
Chapter 1279 Regret 
“So, that’s what you’re thinking.” Lucius laughed. “No wonder you agreed to my terms.” 
Marie realized they were sitting too close. She looked away briefly before returning his gaze. “I told you, I have my own reasons.” 
Marie remembered a long time ago, when they were both children, Lucius lay down on Marie’s grandfather, Johnny Whitman’s, bed. Once, he had a high fever and tossed his toys at Marie, asking her if 
she could save him when he was about to die. 
Marie was scared back then. Whenever Lucius had a fit, both Jared and Johnny would be anxious. Johnny had told her that Lucius was 
different from other kids. 
Marie’s hands trembled, but she still held down Lucius‘ hand to stop him from pulling out his IV and told him to wait for the doctor. 
Those memories had become blurry. 
After the discussion, Marie picked up the file folder beside her and examined its contents. Lucius hadn’t lied to her. These internal accounts were indeed difficult to uncover. 
The Wrays had planted these traps for so long, and they weren’t for nothing. If the Wray family were investigated, it would inevitably implicate Taylor. He would be the first person held accountable. 
By then, whoever initiated the investigation into the Wray family would essentially be destroying the Whitman family. 
Thinking about Wynter’s recent actions sent chills down Marie’s spine. The situation was too intricate, and a single misstep could easily ensnare them. 
Marie held the report in her hand. “I’ll come find you after the conference with the Chamber of Commerce.” 
Lucius watched Marie’s slender figure leave. He was filled with regret. 
Chapter 1279 Regret 
Why hadn’t those he sent to investigate told him she was divorced? 
Leaning back, he stared at the car’s ceiling, wishing to turn back time an hour. He wanted to return to the time when he hadn’t downed that glass of whiskey or made any demands. He rubbed his brow in frustration. 
Jared had never taught him how indirect Cascadians could be. This lack of understanding of the cultural nuance was his downfall. 
“Damn it!” 
Lucius‘ looks didn’t match his tone at all. He appeared mature, 
composed, and intellectual, with a perfectly tailored suit. By this age, he should have been more collected, but he had truly acted foolishly this time. 
The chauffeur returned to see Lucius in this state and couldn’t 
fathom why the normally inscrutable man was so upset. The meeting had gone well, hadn’t it? 
At the same time, Wynter was still in the car while studying something. She furrowed her brows slightly. “This won’t be easy to handle.” 
###chapter1280
Chapter 1280 Wynter’s Ideas 
Wolf looked up at Wynter and gestured, asking what was hard to 
handle. 
“The business world is intricately complex. When a company fails, countless people lose their jobs,” Wynter replied. 
Wynter could compete with the Wrays using cash flow, but this 
strategy could only be employed once. If this strategy was used for a prolonged time, it would affect the market. It was uncertain whether those small and medium–sized enterprises could survive. 
Wynter was contemplating how to avoid such a scenario. It would be easy to win against the Wrays if she had decision–makers in the Chamber of Commerce who could support her when she filled the funding gap. 
However, Gordon’s original purpose in establishing the Chamber of Commerce was not simply to win without regard for the other enterprises‘ survival. 
Wynter propped her face on her hand. She could enter the market as the angel investor and fight the cash flow battle, then convince the Whitmans and Lucius to remove the Wray family from the Chamber of Commerce. That way, she could stabilize the situation and save 
the market with funds. 
She was confident about the Whitmans. As for Lucius… Perhaps a thorough discussion at the Chamber of Commerce would help. 
Based on her research, Lucius didn’t have much fondness for his own family. 
It was common to overlook the smallest details when people were handling many things at once, and even Wynter was no exception. Hence, when she returned to the hotel and saw the report Marie 
sters Idées 
2/3 
handed her, she flipped through the pages quickly. 
“Take these to the old Quinnell residence and have Mr. Rachford find a way to balance these accounts first. Get the team investigating the Wray family’s company to come back,” Wynter ordered. 
“Come back?” The person following Wynter was puzzled. “But the recent progress…” 
Wynter’s eyes darkened. “It was my mistake to underestimate him. Kenton is so confident in letting you investigate and letting my brother maneuver in the stock market because he’s prepared a trap. 
Everything went too smoothly. 
“He anticipated this day and had laid the blame on the Whitmans beforehand. As long as there was business interaction, it couldn’t be prevented.” 
Wynter smiled, a cold glint in her eyes. “The Wray family had calculated against the Whitmans even since back then by trailing behind them and setting them up.” 
It started long ago. Wynter hadn’t realized, and it went unnoticed by even Noah and Taylor. 
The Whitmans had taken action and cut off many ties with the Wrays. But this had begun a long, long time ago. Maybe it was even forgotten. 
It was a simple truth. The more upright a person was, the less they suspected good friends. 
Wynter had also tried looking for clues but found none. 
“Mom, how did you get that report?” Wynter’s question hit the core of the matter. 
Marie didn’t hide it from her. She hung up her robe as she explained, “I met Lucius. We were acquaintances when we were younger.” 
Chapter 1280 Wynters Ideas 
Wynter paused. In reality, Marie hadn’t tried hiding her meeting with 
Lucius from her. 
Wynter knew that Marie was simply trying to prevent her from being distracted. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have had Whitley follow in a separate car. It was only now that she learned who exactly Marie had 
met. 
Lucius… Combining this with some of the things she heard in the old Quinnell residence earlier today, Wynter leaned in and seriously examined Marie’s face. 
Marie was puzzled by Wynter’s actions. “What’s wrong?” 
“Logically speaking,” Wynter smiled, “with someone as attractive as you, the other party would certainly bring up some cooperation proposals.” 
Marie’s finger froze. She didn’t want to lie to Wynter. 
Unexpectedly, Wynter suddenly changed her tone. “Mom, you can go wherever you want. You don’t need to have Whitley follow you as long as it’s safe.” 
Marie looked up. 
Wynter held her hand. “You can meet whoever you want and do whatever you want.” 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1281
Chapter 1281 Live For Yourself 
Marie opened her mouth before closing it again. “I…” 
“You have the right to choose your own life.” Wynter patted her own shoulder. “Look at me. You gave birth to such an excellent daughter and brothers who care for me. Without you, I’d probably still be at a random corner eating pickled vegetables.” 
Marie was amused by Wynter’s words. “You’re talking nonsense again. 
“I’m not talking nonsense. I was born into a good family.” Wynter continued softly, “My horoscope isn’t great, and I can’t read my fortune. But I’ve realized something recently. If I had a different mother, I wouldn’t be fated to be a part of the Quinnells. 
“You’ve been muddling through for so long. It’s time to make plans for yourself.” Wynter looked up at Marie. “As long as you’re willing, go ahead and do it. I’ll deal with anyone who opposes you.” 
Tears welled up in Marie’s eyes. “I know. I have the best daughter in 
the world.” 
“So, Mom, did you meet Mr. Lucius willingly?” Wynter was only 
concerned about this. 
Marie gave her a firm answer. “Yes, I was willing.” 
“That’s all that matters.” Wynter chuckled and grinned. “I trust your judgment. I bet Mr. Lucius is completely under your thumb.” 
Marie didn’t know what Wynter was so amused about. “Wynter, you…..” 
“I’ve heard from Mr. Vaughan and Mr. Rachford. That Lucius guy is quite a charming man.” Wynter leaned closer to her. “I will have a look at him at the conference tomorrow. But, Mom, can I know what terms you have discussed with him?” 
Chapter 1231 Five For Yourself 
“Of course, you can.” Marie was slightly taken aback. 
Generally speaking, at her age and after a horrible marriage, one’s children would advise them against trusting men again. They would tell her to avoid being swayed by emotions and would likely question all her judgments. 
But Wynter was different. She would even discuss Lucius‘ appearance 
with her. 
Marie was initially taken aback but soon began to smile again. After all, that was exactly how Wynter was. She would always stand by her side unconditionally, beyond reason, regardless of right or wrong. 
Marie extended her arms and hugged Wynter. “Thank you, Wynter.” 
Wynter allowed Marie to embrace her. Over time, Marie seemed to have finally stepped out of the shadows. 
Whenever people mention Marie’s name, it would undoubtedly be about her failed marriage. Wynter didn’t think it was fair. Everyone would experience failure and encounter bad partners, and no one could guarantee that hearts wouldn’t change. 
It was just a marriage. Why should it bind Marie’s entire life? Marie could do whatever she wanted, and Wynter wanted to give her that confidence. 
In that lost soul, she saw the love Marie had for her. She had given everything for her. Many full–time housewives were like that. They did it not just for their husbands, but for their families. 
They sacrificed their own abilities. As they grew older, they might even start losing the right to pursue their own happiness. 
If there was one thing Wynter never wanted to do, it would be to allow age and societal expectations to constrain someone who loved her. 
“Mom, I hope you remain a young lady no matter how old you are.” 
Chapter 1281 Live For Yourself 
Wynter returned the hug. “Just like when I first saw you on the street. You wanted to drink beer and eat fried chicken. 
‘I don’t want you to give up drinking just because of me. That wouldn’t make me happy.” 
Wynter’s eyes were clear. “I don’t want to be a burden to you, just as you don’t want to be one to me. I hope you’ll always be free. Live for yourself, not for anyone else.” 
This was what she saw in the part of Marie’s soul that was lost- Marie’s expectations for herself. 
###chapter1282
Chapter 1282 Wynter’s Lifeline 
What exactly was the injustice women faced? It was the contradictory roles society expected of them. 
Society would expect women to be the perfect mother and a corporate elite simultaneously. When a woman chose to leave her career to focus on her family, people would judge them. 
Even if they didn’t regret their decision, there would be people regretting it for them. They would say that the woman was only deluding themselves and that she would regret it sooner or later. 
Indeed, there was often regret. 
But because of love, many mothers chose to become full–time homemakers despite foreseeing potential future dissatisfaction. Did they truly feel secure, believing they would be happy forever? Of course not. They did it willingly. 
Others, unwilling, may later say, “I only stayed because of you.” 
There were many people with many different opinions. Marriage success or failure inexplicably became a measure of a woman’s worth, which was both ironic and real. 
People in Hawford called Marie a love–struck fool, as if everything she did, including the Whitman family’s troubles, stemmed from her blind love for Shane. Yet, those people would never tell the Whitmans the truth–that Marie was ill. 
No one would willingly fall ill, much less lose a part of their soul, live like a puppet, and go unseen by the world. 
Marie’s unfortunate circumstances arose from her being a Whitman, marrying into the Quinnell family, and giving birth to Wynter. Every factor played a part. 
Chaps to Wyntera Liebe 
“1 
Wynter’s words‘ earlier to Marie were not just to comfort her. It was because she was becoming increasingly aware of the grand scheme and the long game being played behind the scenes, 
According to Atwater, Wynter had been on a dead–end path until a ray of hope appeared. Wynter once thought her lifeline was Margaret. 
It wasn’t until she saw Marie’s lost soul in the hotel basement that 
she realized the reasons why she was able to return as Wynter, 
What truly defined death? Was it the last breath one took? Or was it a heartbeat ceasing? No, it was none of those. True death occurred 
when no one remembered you. 
Wynter’s lifeline was Marie, who never stopped looking for her, 
whether in reality or her imagination, Marie’s inner strength was more resilient than anyone else’s. This was something Wynter had always believed. 
Sure enough, Marie spoke up, “He promised me he would use his position as a decision–maker in the Chamber of Commerce to help oust the Wray family at the critical moment. 
“Once that’s done, the Darnell family will withdraw from the Chamber. They will no longer compete in the Cascadian business market.” 
Hearing this, Wynter circled Marie. 
Marie thought she had negotiated poorly. “Was that a bad deal for us? 
“No, I’m just curious.” Wynter circled her again. “Did Lucius really agree?” 
Marie nodded and continued, “Call him Mr. Lucius when we get to the 
venue. 
“Okay. He’ll be worth a lot to us,” Wynter muttered, her voice getting softer at her last sentence. She could undoubtedly think of ways to 
Chapter 1282 Wynter’s Lifeline 
deal with the Darnells, but doing so would inevitably harm many 
others below them. 
Even after learning so much in the old Quinnell residence, Wynter hadn’t planned to use Marie’s connections. But now, it seemed that Lucius was the real love–struck fool. 
Based on the classified information she saw on Marco’s phone, it 
3/ 
was indeed top secret -something she couldn’t have uncovered on her own. Marco was like the ultimate king of gossip, always in the thick of things. 
Wynter previously didn’t understand and had wanted to consult Dalton. Now, seeing Lucius‘ actions… Well, he was quite proactive. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1283
Chapter 1283 Unrequited Love 
To describe Lucius simply, he was just someone who appeared to be a playboy. But in reality, he might have saved his first kiss for Marie. 
Wynter glanced at her phone record again as she thought about this. The more she looked, the more it seemed true. His many girlfriends were quite proactive but never got too close. He was surrounded by women but often drank and smoked alone on the side. 
Even though the photos were old, Wynter had an epiphany. After all, Lucius almost entrusted his entire family to Marie and was even worried that she would find him dirty. How interesting. 
Wynter stroked her chin thoughtfully. 
Marie felt that there was a bit of a generation gap with Wynter. She didn’t quite understand Wynter’s sly smile. 
“Mom, don’t tell him our conversation yet.” Wynter’s lips curled into a thin smile. “I will meet Mr. Lucius tomorrow at the Chamber of 
Commerce.” 
“Alright,” Marie readily agreed, acting like a doting mother. She agreed to everything Wynter said. 
“By the way, Mom.” Wynter suddenly realized something. “Is Mr. Lucius younger than you?” 
Marie nodded while carefully adjusting the strap of the black bag Wynter was carrying. “It was your grandfather who arranged for his schooling back then, even changing his age to be about three years younger than me. 
Marie turned back after speaking. “Why are you so interested in his affairs?” 
“He’s a business partner now, so I want to know more about him,” 
Chapter 1283 Unrequited Love 
Wynter replied seriously. “I’ll have other collaborations with him in the 
future.” 
Marie was aware that the Quinnell family had been facing 
suppression overseas recently. It was true that they needed to walk out of it one day. Understanding that Wynter intended to collaborate further with Lucius, she shared everything she knew. 
Wynter’s smile deepened as she looked at Marie’s surreally beautiful face. “Mom.” 
“Hmm?” Marie paused. “What is it?” 
Wynter gave her a thumbs–up. “You’re really good at business.” 
Marie, who had been amused by Wynter several times today, prepared Wynter’s clothes for her to take a bath. 
Wynter indeed needed a bath to relax and reset her pace. The Wrays‘ move had surprised her, but she was prepared for such encounters 
Marie’s timely information allowed her to preempt the Wray family and cut off their path. As for Lucius… 
Wynter typed on her phone with one hand as she soaked in the bathtub. “The Darnell family practices polygamy, right? Have you interacted with them?” 
Very quickly, a voice message came through. As soon as Wynter pressed onto it, a deep, magnetic voice with a hint of a cough came through. It sounded especially alluring in the quiet of the night. 
“You seem overly concerned about this head of the Darnells,” Dalton replied. 
Dalton, with his pale fingers, was flipping through a black leather- bound book with yellowed pages, like a grim reaper’s ledger. It exuded an indescribable eerie feeling. The two men standing beside him were trembling, unable to move. 
Chapter 1283 Unrequited Love 
Wynter couldn’t see this scene. From just the voice alone, it would seem like he had already gone to bed. 
Dalton even let out a low chuckle. “What are you planning?” 
“I want your analysis.” Wynter didn’t have many friends. Hence, she sought his perspective. 
To Wynter, her handsome fiancé was well–read and knowledgeable. He was perfectly suited for discussing unrequited love late in the 
night. 
Hence, Wynter began with, “So, I have a friend.” 
12h Resentful Energy 
###chapter1284
Chapter 1284 Resentful Energy 
With that, Wynter told Dalton the story about a person who had plenty of friends in his youth but only truly liked one person. 
Dalton’s tone was somewhat indifferent. “I also use the internet. Usually, when someone says ‘I have a friend,‘ they’re talking about themselves. So, what does this have to do with the Darnell family?” 
Wynter realized Dalton was good at many things except imagining situations. “Just put yourself in their shoes. Imagine yourself loving someone you can’t have.” 
At that moment, Dalton recalled something. On a certain mountain, Wynter had always liked delicate and fair people, so he wasn’t her type at all. 
With a snap, the black feather pen in his hand broke. This made the two people standing beside him tremble even more violently. 
Dalton scoffed and chuckled dryly. 
Wynter didn’t understand why he suddenly gave her a cold laugh out of nowhere. “Well, I suppose you wouldn’t have experienced unrequited love before.” 
Realizing she couldn’t rely on him to put himself in Lucius‘ shoes, she explained the situation briefly. 
Dalton adjusted the ring on his thumb before slightly raising his gaze at the two trembling men. His eyes were cold enough to send a shiver down their spines. 
His tone, however, became more relaxed. “Your intuition is correct. Lucius has indeed been waiting for your mother to divorce. The Yarwood family intercepted this information when he had someone investigate your mother’s current situation.” 
Chapter 1284 Resentful Energy 
2/3 
“So, it was you who intercepted.” Wynter understood most of the situation now. Then, she thought of something else. “Where are you?” 
Dalton looked around. The room was pitch black, so dark that one couldn’t see their hand in front of their face. His handsome face 
remained emotionless. “The hotel.” 
“You seemed odd at the bar today,” Wynter said as she felt more and more drowsy. She knew she was tired but still wanted to clear up a few things. “Is there something there?” 
Dalton didn’t deny it. “Yes. I’m investigating.” 
“That’s good. It feels like too many things are happening all at once. I was worried I might have missed something. Thankfully, my mom gave me that financial statement…” Wynter’s voice grew fainter as she spoke. 
Dalton had already long noticed the changes in Wynter’s body since she came to Hawford. He wondered if Wynter was affected because someone here was offering him sacrifices. 
Listening to the sounds on the other end of the line, Dalton didn’t hesitate. With a wave of his hand, a black feather fell, and he instantly vanished from where he stood, leaving the two people beside him to breathe a heavy sigh of relief. 
In almost the next instant, he appeared beside the bathtub. He supported the back of Wynter’s head with his palm, and his dark suit’s hard texture pressed against her softness. Dalton tensed, and his eyes darkened. 
Wynter was completely unaware. Her slender and fair neck rested against his shoulder, the tear mole at the corner of her eye faintly visible. The black mist swirling behind her almost merged with her. 
Recently, Wynter hadn’t been using Dalton’s fortune to break formations. With this in mind. Dalton raised his band summoning 
Chapter 1284 Resentful Energy 
red veil that draped over her slightly flushed, slender legs. 
Without a word, he lifted her in a bridal style and placed her on the pristine white king–sized bed, observing her peaceful sleeping face 
and familiar movements. 
Dalton was reminded of the past when he often assisted her with her bath, though he was just one of her many boy toys then. 
Resentful energies made people sleep more deeply, as each person had their own dreams. These dreams, whether good or bad, were inescapable and reflected the full range of human emotions and desires. 
It might be dreams one didn’t want to wake up from, or it could be a nightmare of a most feared event. Sometimes, they could even, be memories buried deep within. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1285
Chapter 1285 Burning Desires 
Dalton looked at Wynter’s face and furrowed his brows slightly. He 
wasn’t able to discern the nature of her dreams. 
He extended his hand, guiding Wynter to open her mouth and press her lips against his neck. Wynter, almost instinctively, seemed to be drawing nourishment from him, as if foraging. Her white teeth grazed and gently sucked his neck. 
He allowed her to clutch his collar with both hands. The sensation of 
blood gradually flowing away allowed him to hold her waist with one 
hand. 
On the surface, it seemed like he was maintaining his composure. In reality, his Adam’s apple began to tremble, and his breathing grew heavier. 
Wynter seemed utterly oblivious to everything happening around her. Perhaps she would have long woken up if it was anyone else, but Dalton’s very presence was enough to deeply affect her. 
Wynter’s eyes were half–closed, and she struggled to distinguish between dream and reality. She glanced at her disheveled robe and then at the person. lying beside her, who seemed very unwilling. Yet, the face was all too familiar. 
It was her exceptionally handsome fiancé, Dalton. 
“Give me the antidote,” Dalton said. 
Wynter didn’t understand Dalton’s words at all. 
Wynter frowned. “What antidote?” 
“You know what I’m talking about,” Dalton replied. 
He appeared younger than she remembered, with a face that looked 
unusually youthful and a subtle humiliation in his eyes. His cheeks were an abnormal shade of red. 
Wait, could it be the kind of antidote she was thinking of? 
Wynter tried to sit up but found herself uncontrollably holding onto him. “There is no antidote. Why are you always so disobedient?” 
What did she even mean by disobedient? Wynter was puzzled, desperately wanting someone to explain the situation to her. 
Just as Wynter tried to make sense of the whole situation, the scene shifted. 
Dalton seemed to have grown a bit older. He wore a red robe as he pressed her against a wall. He was kissing her forcefully, carrying an indescribable intensity. She felt a deep familiarity with him, a recognition that resonated through her body. 
This took Wynter by surprise. As she waved her hand, she realized her wrist was shackled with a golden chain. 
Dalton seemed to be smiling, his low, almost teasing laugh sending a tingling sensation from her neck through her entire body. 
“Do you not like me this way? But what can you do about it? You can only stay here.” Dalton’s handsome face was slightly obscured by the light. 
“Don’t think about leaving. This place was specifically designed for you, with everything you love. There are even a few pearls on top, and you can play with them or take your frustration out on them. But don’t cut your feet since I don’t like such marks.” 
As Dalton spoke, he pulled Wynter back into his embrace. His palm seemed to be burning with a fiery intensity that could ignite her entire body. 
It was a sensation Wynter had never experienced before. His voice 
Chapter 1285 Burning Desires 
3/3 
was so close, his breath brushing against her ear, forcing her to respond. Yet, instead of being unpleasant, it was intoxicating, leaving her entire body tingling. 
Dalton seemed to relish pushing her to this point. He held her waist with one hand. A soothing, water–like sound filled the air, and everything around them was soft, including the surface they were lying on. Only he remained astonishingly hard. 
The heat and numbness felt like fire, burning away all her rationality. She could barely hear anything but his heartbeat, both strong and 
dominant. 
She wanted to retreat but found herself pressing closer to him. Why was this happening? 
###chapter1286
Chapter 1286 The Last Shot of Smugness 
The frosted shadows on the bed were illuminated by the moonlight. reflected on the expansive lake, creating an ethereal and mesmerizing. 
scene. 
Apart from Wynter and Dalton, there was no one else in this isolated 
space. 
Wynter could even hear something jingling on her ankle. It was the bell on the golden chain that bound her. Every time she moved, the bell would jingle along with her movements. 
She desperately wanted to escape, but no matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t break free. Her ragged breathing made it impossible to resist sinking deeper into the sensation. 
Dalton’s voice was a low, sensual murmur in Wynter’s ear. “Relax a little, my master.” 
As he gently bit out the word “master“, he firmly gripped her waist. His, breath’s warmth sent shivers from her tailbone up her spine. 
This made Wynter’s brows furrow almost instantly. 
Reflections danced on the gently rippling lake. 
Wynter, with her reddened eyes and fair skin, looked like an exquisitely crafted porcelain doll. Her disheveled robe hung hiked up. around her waist as every inch of her exuded confusion. 
Nevertheless, Dalton stood behind her with his usual handsome and distinguished, yet detached expression. He remained impeccably neat, forming a stark contrast to Wynter’s disheveled state. 
Outside the window, the night outside gradually deepened. At that moment, it was hard to distinguish between reality and a dream. 
120 The Last Shot of mugness 
Meanwhile, at the Wray residence, Kenton sat at the head of the table, surrounded by members of other aristocratic families. 
“Mr. Wray, is that young lady from the Quinnell family even qualified to attend our Chamber of Commerce? Isn’t this a joke?” 
It was evident that no one present welcomed Wynter’s arrival. 
Kenton put his teacup down, feigning magnanimity. “A youngster is not worth such concern from all of you. How much trouble can she cause? We’re just letting her in to watch and learn. 
“After all, the Chamber of Commerce was originally founded by Mr. Quinnell Senior. It wouldn’t be right to neglect his descendants.” 
“What you said is true. But I heard that the Darnell family gave the Quinnells an invitation,” one of them said. 
This was the other aristocratic families‘ true concern. 
“If that girl from the Quinnell family gets ideas about becoming a member of the Chamber, it would be quite the problem.” 
“Extending an invitation to the Quinnells? Him? How is that possible?” 
“I am here today to ask Mr. Wray precisely because I was uncertain.” 
As the conversation grew heated, Kenton raised his hand, signaling them to calm down. “It was indeed the Darnell family that extended the invitation, but there’s no need to worry. 
“That guy’s actions have always been unpredictable, after all. Also, considering his past grievances with the Quinnell family, just let it be.” 
“Does that guy from the Darnells have a grudge against the Quinnells? 
This was news to everyone. 
175e The Lae finge m 
Kenton scoffed. “With the Quinnells‘ old–fashioned ways, who wouldn’t hold a grudge against them?” 
Kenton’s words reminded everyone that the Quinell family was indeed not favored by overseas capital. Some of the Quinnell family’s electronic products were even boycotted abroad. This realization calmed the room, and the discussion shifted to a different tone. 
Most of them looked down on Wynter, not believing she could adapt to the capital business community in Hawford. 
Moreover, her lack of initiative in visiting any of them since arriving only fueled their disdain. They felt that Wynter had inherited none of Gordon’s prowess but all of his arrogance. They thought she was delusional to think the Quinnell family still held any sway in Hawford. 
If she wanted to join the Chamber of Commerce, so be it. They were determined to make her feel humiliated. 
In contrast to the other aristocratic families‘ smug satisfaction, Kenton truly had been having a hard time these past two days. 
###chapter1287
Chapter 1287 Relishing in Dominance 
Originally, Kenton had thought that he could leverage Reuben’s health to threaten Taylor. If that had worked, his plans for the Chamber of Commerce were as good as settled. 
Who knew Taylor would suddenly inform him that there was no need for him to meddle anymore? 
This meant that the Whitmans could not be swayed and would not agree to his terms. If that was the case, his plans would not go accordingly, and his plans were completely disrupted. 
Logically speaking, no doctor in Hawford should have been able to treat Reuben. Kenton even personally consulted Evan, who confidently assured him that he was the top expert in this field, far beyond any Cascadian medical professionals‘ capibilities. Hence, his words held weight. 
So, who could it possibly be? Who was the person who went to the Whitman residence in place of Chester and caused such a change in their attitude? Kenton racked his brain but couldn’t figure out who it 
could be. 
In Hawford, there were always people who thought they could get their revenge on Kenton. 
Take the Hudson family, for instance. They used to constantly oppose him. Now, they spend their days seeking his favor. Ever since then, no one had dared challenge him again. 
Well, of course, except for the Quinnells who returned from Kingbourne. They had ho sense of discernment. 
But it was highly unlikely for the doctor to be from the Quinnell family. Kenton had people watching both Albert and Wynter. He would have known about it if they had really shown up at the Whitman residence. 
Chapter 1287 Relishing in Dominance 
213 
Moreover, Wynter was spoiled and had no semblance of a proper lady. She even deliberately flaunted her sports car outside Kenton’s office building. 
Kenton had grown to loathe Wynter to the extreme. He had never been so humiliated before, and it was all because of an insolent country bumpkin like Wynter! 
Sensing Kenton’s foul mood, some of his associates, who were already uneasy due to the incident in Club Solstice, cautiously probed, “Mr. Wray, there won’t be any issues with that matter, will there?” 
“What could go wrong?” Kenton retorted, “Are you doubting my capabilities, Mr. Lark?” 
Emmett Lark hastily waved his hand. “Mr. Wray, It’s a 
misunderstanding. I’ve just noticed a lot of commotion lately and am concerned about our image. After all, some people online do get very involved.” 
“Mr. Lark, you’re overthinking. Haven’t we faced bigger issues before? And here we are, still sitting comfortably.” Kenton laughed. 
This group of people employed many dirty tricks. Kenton knew better than anyone what they cared about. 
“Don’t worry, Mr. Lark. You can focus on playing a charitable entrepreneur’s role without any worries. Everything else has been arranged. If even the parents have decided to let it go, what use is there in the people worrying about it online?” Kenton asked. 
Hearing this, everyone understood that the money had been well spent. Their expressions turned sinister, filled with insidious satisfaction. “As expected of Mr. Wray. You are always so thorough.” 
“Of course. And look at the venue Mr. Wray chose for the Chamber of Commerce. Serenity Hotel!” 
Chapter 1287 Relishing in Dominance 
3/2 
Someone looked at Kenton with a look full of flattery. “Mr. Wray, when did you even get access to Serenity Hotel? You’re even able to bring us in.” 
“The boss there owed me a favor,” Kenton replied nonchalantly. However, in reality, he relished the feeling of everyone submitting to 
him. 
Kenton had specifically chosen Serenity Hotel for this conference. This establishment had been around for a long time and was one of the most prominent places in Hawford. Even foreigners had to adhere to the rules of Serenity Hotel during tumultuous times. 
To this day, it remained a haven for various talents and eccentrics, inaccessible to just anyone. 
###chapter1288
Chapter 1288 Test Subject for the New Drug 
Kenton had never been able to touch even Serenity Hotel’s periphery before. However, his performance over the years in Hawford has earned him a rightful place at the table. 
Serenity Hotel had a long and storied history. Even the Yarwood family had been unable to exert any influence over it. As Hawford’s most enigmatic establishment, the Chamber of Commerce also could not interfere with its operations. 
This showed just how powerful and mysterious the force behind Serenity Hotel was. 
It was said that only Gordon was ever able to get close to Serenity 
Hotel’s core. However, he never revealed anything about it to the 
outside world. 
This was also one of the things Kenton was most bothered by. Despite his prominent position in Hawford, he was still not fully accepted in the Chamber of Commerce. 
Kenton had heard people say that if Gordon were still alive, things would be different. It was absurd to him that he was still affected by someone long dead. 
Kenton hadn’t forgotten how the Quinnells almost fell apart and how they had played with Shane when he came by. 
Did people like that really want to be a part of the Chamber of Commerce? Kenton chuckled coldly. It was laughable. 
It was a sheer delusion. Back when Shane came to Hawford, Serenity Hotel had already completely excluded the Quinnell family. They were such arrogant and hypocritical fools Kenton wouldn’t even spare them a glance, much less Serenity Hotel. 
This was precisely why he chose to hold the conference of the 
Chamber of Commerce at Serenity Hotel. He wanted to make Wynter, who had mocked him, realize the consequences of opposing him. 
The people at Serenity Hotel detested Gordon’s descendants the most. Tomorrow, the Quinnell family would become a joke. 
Kenton was determined to show all the members who the Chamber 
of Commerce’s hope was. No matter what tricks Wynter tried, she would be outmatched. Moreover, he still had a trump card hidden with 
the Whitmans. 
Kenton’s subordinates had informed him that the Quinnells had taken 
the bait, and Wynter was adamant about checking his financial 
statements. 
In the business world, everyone knew everyone. If the Quinnells wanted to accuse him of economic crimes and misappropriating state assets, they needed to consider the consequences. 
With Taylor acting as a shield, Kenton wasn’t worried at all. Eventually, Wynter would understand that in the end, as she continued to investigate, she would be destroying the Whitmans. 
Thinking about this made Kenton’s mood oddly cheerful. He was almost eager for tomorrow to come so that he could see the Quinnell family’s downfall. 
Everyone in the Wray family seemed to be as confident as him. They were all equally indifferent to human life. 
Lynette, in particular, was outraged. When she learned that Marie and Lucius had contacted each other again, she looked at a photo of Marie and clenched her fists tightly before tearing the photo into pieces. 
“How shameless still trying to seduce people at this age Lynette 
Chapter 1288 Test Subject for the New Drug 
3/3 
She figured she might as well try to intervene knowing that Kenton still had feelings for Marie. 
Lynette smirked as she thought about that. She believed that a woman like Maire deserved to be scorned. Marrying someone like Shane was her own fault. 
Lynette questioned how Marie could still yearn for Lucius. Did she even have the right to? 
She picked up a vial of a new drug from the table and shook it gently. The new substance from Club Solstice would be undetectable. It 
might be worth trying it on Marie. 
Outside, the moon set, and the sun rose, turning the sky gradually bright. Wynter slept unusually long, and even when Marie came to wake her for breakfast, she remained deeply asleep. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1289
Chapter 1289 Why is He Here 
It wasn’t until nearly 11:00 am that Wynter finally woke up. She was still feeling groggy as her eyes focused on her 
surroundings. 
She couldn’t tell if she was still dreaming or awake. In all her years, she had never had such a vivid dream, let alone a 
sensual one about Dalton. 
Wynter couldn’t really describe her current emotions. The 
dream felt almost too real. 
As a fortune teller, she had never been able to see her own 
past lives nor thought about how she was in those lives. Despite Atwater’s occasional hints, she never really wondered about her previous incarnations. 
Wynter never liked dwelling on the past but preferred looking ahead. Which was why she was never too interested in her previous lives. She believed that if rebirth or 
reincarnation existed, there was a reason for forgetting everything. 
However, the dream, along with the images she recalled after obtaining the Soul Commanding Badge in that previous formation, made her eager to see Atwater soon. 
But for some reason, Atwater hadn’t come to find her yet. 
There was no time for Wynter to ponder further. The phone 
by her bed kept ringing. She glanced at the time, a rare look. of frustration crossing her face for the first time. 
Had oversleeping caused her to miss something important? She felt unusually light. 
Without dwelling on it, Wynter refocused on the Chamber of Commerce matters. She wouldn’t focus on any other 
matters now. 
She swiftly answered the call her movements sharp and decisive. Today, she exuded a true CEO’s presence. 
Meanwhile, at Serenity Hotel in Riogeb, the grand banquet hall was illuminated as brightly as day. 
Guests were dressed in bespoke attire and adorned with jewels. They moved about with the style of nobility from an old painting. Each smile and every toast revealed a 
meticulously rehearsed elegance. 
It was rare to see Serenity Hotel open for business. Today, however, luxury cars kept arriving one after another, and no one knew what was happening. 
Many onlookers couldn’t resist taking photos. But with security present, the area was effectively cleared, leaving bystanders resigned to their fate. After all, it was private property. 
At the center of it all, Kenton chatted leisurely with several old friends, a cigar between his fingers. He seemed utterly 
at ease. 
The long–absent Whitman family members had also arrived. 
The two brothers, Taylor and Noah, maintained their usual dignified demeanor and exuded the same timeless elegance. they always had. 
But the real shock came when Reuben appeared. He was dressed in a tunic suit and leaning on a dragon cane. His full head of silver hair did not make him appear old but rather more enigmatic than ever. 
No one had expected Reuben to get down from his sickbed and be able to walk again. Judging by his appearance, he had even significantly recovered. How was this possible? 
Kenton’s faction instinctively glanced toward Kenton. None of them had expected Reuben to attend the Chamber of Commerce, given that he had been on the brink of death. 
Kenton’s smug expression faltered wo 
he saw Reuben. He wondered how this old geezer was able to come. 
Although that was what Kenton thought to himself, he couldn’t let it show on his face. After all, everyone in 
Hawford knew how the Wray family rose to prominence. On the surface, he still had to show the utmost respect to Reuben. 
This made Kenton tighten his grip on the wine glass. However, he quickly reassured himself. 
After all, Reuben’s presence was merely the final flicker of a 
dying flame. Soon, he would only be a supporting character in his grand show. 
###chapter1290
Chapter 1290 Stop Clinging Onto Gordon’s Ideal 
As if noticing the attention directed at him, Reuben made his way over to Kenton. 
Kenton quickly masked his thoughts with a forced smile. ” Taylor, why didn’t you tell me that Mr. Reuben is feeling better? I could have prepared a comfortable chair for him.” 
“There’s no need to trouble yourself.” Reuben glanced at him, clearly establishing boundaries as an elder. “My health has been a concern of yours for some time now. But from now on, there’s no need to worry. Just proceed with the Chamber of Commerce as usual.” 
With this, Kenton’s eyes darkened with a trace of hostility. Reuben was still trying to issue orders as if the Wray family were still at the Whitman family’s mercy. Clearly, he hadn’t realized things had changed. 
Turning his face away, Kenton subtly signaled to Emmett, who was beside him. 
Emmett quickly understood the cue, intentionally speaking loudly, “Mr. Reuben, we can’t start yet. Some invitees haven’t arrived.” 
Reuben turned his gaze toward him. 
Emmett smiled and explained, “You might not know, but the Quinnell family from Kingbourne has returned. Mr. Wray felt 
tached by the *** dunhall Sanice, it would be 
Thus he sutifuce the quait group’s new CEO, your younger ganddugh the aeration did specify the mounting dinu. But we’re unsure if the younger generation 
We shoutin‘ say that’anno rained his hand to dismiss Emmett pretending to net mind as he smiled. “There might he toiffe on the road” 
The exchange effectively painted Wynter as an unreliable and incompetent person who couldn’t keep to a schedule. 
business, the two most crucial aspects were keeping promises and being punctual. The people attending the Chamber of Commerce were all significant figures. To gain their respect, one must possess exceptional qualities. 
Now, it seemed that Wynter might even be late. 
This made some of the Chamber members, especially the undecided ones, start mentally deducting points from Wynter Those who were still curious about the Quinnells current state also silently lowered their gazes, clearly 
disappointed 
The earlier visit from Shane had already made them aware that the Quinnell family was no longer what it used to be They had hoped that Gordon’s successors might take ove 
the Chamber of Commerce. 
This would have offered a glimmer of hope and a chance to revive the Southern Chamber’s original ideals. However, they soon realized that this was merely wishful thinking. 
Just because they were Gordon’s descendants didn’t necessarily mean they would be like him. Shane, who was both foolish and petty, had ruined many projects in the past. They had thought that Wynter might be better, especially since she was popular online. 
Their hopes were reignited when they saw the current popularity of the Quinnell Group. However, some believed that the Quinnell family’s success had little to do with Wynter and was instead orchestrated by Fabian, aiming to consolidate the company’s shares. 
Given the disparity between Wynter managing everything and the possibility that Fabian was behind it all, they leaned toward the latter being the truth. 
With the current situation, it seemed that the Quinnell family might not offer much for them to look forward to. 
Albert was quite capable. At least he understood the stock market and venture capital, and people recognized his name. As for the rest… 
People were starting to wonder if they should perhaps stop clinging onto Gordon. There was no point anymore. 
Those who previously aligned with the Hudson family walked away in disappointment. 
Kenton wanted exactly this outcome. He even added fuel to the fire, saying, “Since Mr. Reuben has arrived, it’s only 
natural for the younger generation from the Quinnell family to show up eventually. As elders, we can afford to wait a little longer.” 
Act First Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter1291
Chapter 1291 Kenton’s Trump Card 
Kenton’s last comment completely tarnished Wynter’s Image. 
In both public and private matters, it was unacceptable to make the elders walt. Moreover, with the Whitmans present, any delay would reflect poorly on them as well, 
Kenton intended to further exacerbate the tension between the Whitman and Quinnell familjes. With the existing misunderstandings and grudges, he was certain that the Whitmans would take the Quinnells‘ tardiness seriously. 
However, this time, the outcome was beyond Kenton’s expectations. 
When Reuben heard these remarks, he walked forward with the help of his dragon cane before pausing. 
His tone was calm when he spoke, “According to the invitation, the Chamber of Commerce doesn’t start in another half hour. Mr. Lark, you’re too hasty. 
“Kenton, you should also remain composed. As one of the key decision–makers, the Wray family should be more measured.” 
Reuben’s composed response effectively nullified Kenton’s earlier manipulations. 
People began to reconsider. Indeed, there was still half an 
hour left, so discussions about waiting were premature. 
If the Quinnells failed to show up after the allotted time, then they would be considered late. For now, discussing them being late was premature. 
Kenton could see what these people were thinking. He knew that these small tricks weren’t enough to bring down the Quinnells for good. 
What he hadn’t anticipated was that Reuben would actually speak up for the Quinnells. He should be the one who resented them the most, especially considering what Marie 
had done back then. 
Kenton clenched his fists and wondered where Lynette was. That fool had clearly said that the Whitmans harbored deep 
resentment toward Marie. 
Every year, they would fuel the antagonism between the Whitmans and Quinnells, making it impossible for them to 
mend their relationship. 
Reuben wouldn’t even allow anyone to mention Marie at 
home. So, why was Reuben acting in support of the Quinnell family now? 
Kenton’s growing unease was quickly dispelled by his trump 
card’s arrival. 
It was Yvette, who was introduced to him by the Winston family. She was the most mysterious figure in Hawford 
recently. 
Yvette entered 
with an air of confidence, as if she were the star of the evening. Many stock traders and venture 
capitalists in the Chamber of Commerce now saw her as a crowd eager to engage with her. VIP. Her arrival attracted 
Yvette had no idea how formidable Serenity Hotel was. She had never come across it on Instagram. 
It wasn’t one of the high–profile hotels she frequently stayed at that people would know about, where even an afternoon tea could cost four figures and where she could take spectacular pictures. 
When she mentioned on social media last night that she would be going to Serenity Hotel, no one seemed to know where it was. This made Yvette feel like she was showing 
off to no one. 
Logically, a venue chosen by the Wray family for the 
Chamber of Commerce should be exceptional. However, this hotel was nowhere to be found online. 
When Yvette arrived, the waitstaff had an air of superiority, and their dresses were even more exquisite than hers. 
This prompted Yvette to complain to Kenton. She spoke in a refined manner, “Mr. Wray, I believe my presence doesn’t quite match this hotel’s atmosphere. I’ll meet with everyone and answer any questions they might have, then I’ll make a quick exit.” 
Yvette thought that by stating this, Kenton would promptly 
inquire about what was wrong. Perhaps he would ask if 
there were issues with the hotel’s geomancy, and if it was unsuitable for a conference for the Chamber of Commerce. 
Even if Kenton didn’t ask, others would likely follow her lead 
and chime in with comments. 
However, to her surprise, Kenton paused and, with a forced smile, said, “Ms. Yates, if you’re feeling this way, maybe you’re just not feeling well today?” 
###chapter1292
Chapter 1292 Serenity Hotel’s History 
Yvette was no fool. On the contrary, she had reached her current status by relying on her keen insight. 
11 
Hearing Kenton’s words, she immediately raised her hand to press her forehead. “I’ve indeed revealed too many Celestial secrets today, and my head keeps aching. It might be due to my physical condition.” 
Hearing Yvette’s explanation, the surroundings finally 
returned to normal. 
“I see. Ms. Yates is having a headache.” 
“Ms. Yates, you must take care and rest well. After all, 
peering into the Celestial secrets is taxing on one’s life force. 
“You’ve worked hard, Ms. Yates, especially considering the 
recent stock market.” 
These flattering remarks made Yvette feel much better. She decided to just brush it off, thinking that the waitstaff was someone inexperienced. 
Yvette didn’t forget her purpose for being there. She looked at Kenton and said, “I am able to befriend all of you thanks to my connection with you, Mr. Wray. Your boldness is truly admirable. I believe that under your leadership, the Chamber of Commerce will only continue to thrive.” 
“Ms. Yates,” Kenton clasped his hands together humbly, 
you flatter me. I’m just doing my part for my brothers so we can all make money together.” 
The onlookers began chatting. 
“Mr. Wray never seeks such empty fame.” 
7 was wondering why Ms. Yates would come to Hawford. It turns out it was all because of Mr. Wray.” 
Kenton was thoroughly enjoying praises like this. 
Looking around, except for the Whitmans themselves and a few insignificant small business members, there were hardly any people standing on Reuben’s side. 
In Kenton’s eyes, those people were as good as nothing. looking utterly impoverished. In this day and age, with the Metafield already emerging, they were still stuck in physical economies, some even dealing in grain and oil. 
Did they think it was still the old days when food was scarce and ration tickets were needed? 
Kenton’s attitude was clear, and those around him followed 
suit, showing their snobbery. 
Reuben could sense that this was a deliberate display for him. Kenton wanted him to know that the current Whitman family’s standing in the Chamber of Commerce was nowhere near that of the Wray family. 
Reuben didn’t react much to this display. His gaze’s intensity deepened, and he turned to glance at his sons. 
Noah could tell that Reuben had something to say to him. Hence, he leaned closer to him. 
Reuben’s voice was very low. “Go to the hotel’s main 
entrance and check the situation. Albert and Wynter might not know about Serenity Hotel’s many rules.” 
A trace of surprise flashed in Noah’s eyes. “Dad, what do you mean?” 
“Just go and take a look.” Reuben had his ways of doing things. 
Noah understood that he was to ensure smooth entry. Given the current situation, the Wray family must have used some means to prevent Wynter from entering. 
Taylor also looked over at Noah, both of them sharing a thought. 
Some mistakes shouldn’t be blamed on the children. Indeed, they despised Shane, but as for Wynter… As her uncles, they couldn’t bring themselves to harm her. 
Reuben was right. The Wray family indeed used Serenity Hotel’s rules to their advantage. Having an invitation didn’t guarantee entry unless you understood their entry. procedures. 
The reason for these procedures was related to Serenity 
Hotel’s history. While it might appear to be just a venue for hosting business meetings, it was actually renowned as one of the most prestigious auction houses. 
During tumultuous times, trading in small collectibles was common, but Serenity Hotel was where the real affluent individuals gathered. They dealt with high–value items. 
Serenity Hotel had become the premier destination for both domestic and international businessmen at that time. 
###chapter1293
Chapter 1293 Wynter and Serenity Hotel 
The deeper one went, the more apparent the place’s vastness became, 
Serenity Hotel, a three–story building, was not modern in its interior design but rather reflected a bygone era’s style. Hence, the waitstaff wore traditional dresses and suits. 
Beyond the grand banquet hall, the true core area was the renowned Moonlit Haven. It featured a 16–foot proscenium stage in the center, where operas were performed. Even those who served tea in Serenity Hotel might be martial artists. 
This was what set Serenity Hotel apart. The items sold on stage were explained by experts, and transactions at the auction tables could easily reach billions. 
In the past, Serenity Hotel was where royal attendants and foreigners conducted transactions, and everyone had to enter in formal attire. Ordinary people, even if they claimed to have been there, were merely boasting. 
The true nature of the activities inside remained a mystery to most, with people only aware of the foreigners‘ strong interest in the place. 
Serenity Hotel had very high requirements for its guests. Either substantial financial verification or a formal invitation was needed. They also emphasized background and 
confidentiality. As a result, there was virtually no 
Information about Serenity Hotel available online. 
The reason why Yvette wasn’t used to Serenity Hotel was that, up until now, she hadn’t even entered the inner layers. 
At the same time, in a business car near Serenity Hotel, Wynter tucked her shirt into her trousers. Surprisingly, her pure black suit jacket did not make her look older. Instead, her naturally cool demeanor made her exude an even 
stronger CEO presence. 
Even the chauffeur commented, “Ms. Quinnell, many Hawford socialites would want to marry you if you were a 
man.” 
Some people embodied both masculine and feminine beauty, and Wynter was one of those individuals. 
She had an unusual mark that resembled an ancient script inscription on her neck. It looked as if it was a temporary tattoo. It wasn’t there when she woke up, but it became more pronounced as she traveled. 
Fortunately, her white shirt and pure black suit complemented the mark rather than clashing with it. 
Rebelliously handsome was the perfect description for Wynter. 
Wynter got out of the car early, and Marie didn’t understand why. Frowning slightly, Marie said, “Serenity Hotel is 
different from other places. I’ve heard from your grandpa 
that there are many rules here. I’m afraid you might get stopped, so we should go in together.” 
“I won’t, Mom. Don’t worry about me and just go.” Wynter winked her left eye. “I have other things to take care of. I might be able to gather some information if I go in this way.” 
Marie didn’t know what Wynter was up to. But Wynter did look like some famous young CEO as she stood in the light, with the faint hint of the ancient script inscription on her fair neck in addition to her stylish appearance. 
Marie smiled. “Make sure to tell me if something comes up. I’ll come pick you up.” 
“Okay.” Wynter waved her hands after speaking. 
There was a railing acting as a barrier, but she casually supported herself with one hand and elegantly jumped over it. She was really making an effort to avoid crossing paths. with the Quinnell family’s convoy. 
Marie watched Wynter’s retreating figure and signaled the 
chauffeur to start the car. 
No one knew what Wynter was planning. In reality, as soon as she received the invitation and saw that the venue for the 
Chamber of Commerce was at Serenity Hotel, she was already completely confident about her plan. 
After all, Serenity Hotel… 
Wynter lifted her gaze, her thin lips curled slightly, and the tear mole at the corner of her eye became subtly visible. 
The place she was approaching was supposed to be off- limits. However, she simply walked in effortlessly. 
A beep was heard, and a familiar sound of the back door opening was heard. 
No one knew, and it was completely silent. Only Serenity Hotel’s highest–level staff felt a change and straightened up immediately. 
Act Fast, Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
Claim 
###chapter1294
Chapter 1294 Serenity Hotel's Real Owner
A young woman in a bodycon dress, holding a hand fan, was startled by the man's sudden action. She arched her eyebrow and asked, "What's the matter, Boss? Did your opponent kill you again, or was your buff taken?"
Throughout her years working with Gail Gilmore, she had never seen him so flustered. He was always uninterested in everything and didn't even bat an eye when the Chamber of Commerce announced a meeting at Serenity Hotel.
To Gail, the game he was playing was far more exciting than watching a bunch of people pitting against each other. No one would expect that Serenity Hotel's owner had such a whimsical side.
However, Samiyah Naverro believed that Gail was just uninterested in establishing a connection with people. While the aristocratic families in Hawford were eager to please and gain favor with him, they were constantly intimidated by his presence.
Gail cut a striking figure in his clean suit, and the watch on his wrist added a touch of elegance. His bluish hair was neatly styled, complementing his handsome countenance. His captivating eyes held a depth and intensity that seemed to draw people in.
Samiyah couldn't help but feel that Gail looked exactly the same as when she first met him, though he had picked up a few hobbies favored by youngsters.
But what was important now was that Gail didn't seem quite like his usual self.
As Gail fastened the diamond button on his cuff, his lips curled into a smirk. "Neither. Didn't you hear that? The backdoor just rang,"
Samiyah was visibly surprised at his words. She had always believed that Gail kept the backdoor purely for his own amusement. After all, no one knew that the backdoor led to Serenity Hotel, nor would they dare to use it.
While Samiyah stood dumbfounded, Gail headed toward the door. However, he stopped in his tracks and turned back. "Go find out who's participating in the meeting today," he instructed Samiyah.
Frowning, Samiyah argued, "That doesn't seem appropriate, Boss."
"And what's wrong with that? By the way, there's no need to call me your boss. I'm working for someone else, just like you. Go and see who came through the backdoor," Gail urged as he gestured to the door.
Samiyah widened her eyes in shock. "Are you saying you have no idea who it was?"
"Of course I do. It's just that we share a special relationship," Gail replied as he glanced at his watch. He needed to get a handle on the situation before heading downstairs.
Meanwhile, Wynter had retrieved a ring from a hidden compartment behind the backdoor. Though the ring served as proof of her identity, it had a peculiar design and appeared shrouded in black smoke upon retrieval.
Plus, the ring seemed to be a sinister item that had been dug up from the earth. Yet, Wynter unhesitatingly slipped it on her index finger.
There was a fleeting flicker in her eyes, as if she was confirming something. Ultimately, she verified that the ring was rightfully hers.
Wynter had been recalling some lost memories since arriving at Hawford, one of which involved Serenity Hotel. Before that, she had never investigated the hotel and wondered why the proscenium stage was set at the center of the building.
Upon receiving the invitation, she noticed a familiar symbol and suspected Serenity Hotel was connected to her. Her hunch proved correct.
Wynter watched the pictures warp and shift unexpectedly, as if a hidden mechanism had been triggered. Moments later, a pathway leading to the center room was revealed beside the empty wall.
"So, this place is connected to me," Wynter exclaimed as something glinted in her eyes.
Upon her investigation of Serenity Hotel, she found that it had existed for a long time. So, how was the hotel connected to her?
###chapter1295
Chapter 1295 The End of an Era
Was it related to her past life, or was it related to Gordon? With no clear answers in sight, Wynter decided to head into the hotel first. She kept the ring and stepped into the center room.
Meanwhile, the guests gradually filled the seats in the theatrical hall. However, Kenton had plotted for Wynter to be late.
Many foreigners attended the meeting that year, and they seemed to enjoy the opera performance on stage.
Reuben, seated to the left side of the stage, carefully observed the spectators' expressions. Much to his anger, the Chamber of Commerce had been turned into little more than a bargaining chip to curry favor with foreign investors. He raised his hand, only to let it fall in resignation.
A noticeable divide had emerged between the Whitmans and the Wrays. Those who sided with the Whitman family were primarily from sunset industries, while most of the capitalists had gathered around Kenton. Such stark contrast boosted Kenton's ego further.
"That's enough questions for me. Why don't you consult Mr. Whitman Senior? After all, his business acumen is equally impressive. I'm sure he has a better grasp of current trends and profitable opportunities than I do." Kenton grinned.
Someone snickered. "Forget about him. It's been ages, yet the Quinnell family's daughter still hasn't shown up. We can't possibly keep waiting for her."
"He's right, Mr. Wray. Let's start the meeting," another echoed.
Kenton had been anticipating that moment. So what if the Quinnell family had received an invitation? He would make sure they were blocked at the door. Everyone knew who would be left humiliated once the meeting commenced.
There would be no place for the Quinnell family within the Chamber of Commerce any longer. It was time they bid farewell to their former prominence.
When Taylor attempted to intervene, the people beside him stopped him instead.
"It's best not to complicate things further, Mr. Whitman. Perhaps, fate has decided on the Quinnell family's absence," they stated softly.
They advised the Whitman family to let go of the past while simultaneously convincing themselves to adapt to the market changes.
Reuben clenched his fists tightly upon witnessing the end of an era. He wondered if Fabian had felt the same way back then.
Even so, Reuben couldn't fully bring himself to resent the Quinnell family as he understood that the older generations were bound to be washed out of time.
No one would stop and listen to their advice anymore. They wouldn't even spare a second glance unless it focused on fast and international trends.
"It's all about the metaverse these days. We can't just stick to physical industries." Those were the lines that Reuben heard often, and the reason why many had ceased supporting the Whitmans.
Having lived through countless experiences, Reuben was well aware that Kenton intended to humiliate the Whitman family and clamp down on the Quinnell family. He was certain that the Whitmans would soon meet the same fate.
Noah should've picked up Marie and Wynter at the entrance by then. Had something gone wrong? Reuben glanced at the clock. There were still three minutes left before the meeting, but it was already too late. If the Quinnell family failed to show up, they would be ousted and dismissed by the Chamber of Commerce.
Standing up, Kenton was about to commence the meeting when he heard a soft chuckle from above. "Why the rush, Mr. Wray?" came a calm, familiar voice that Yvette instantly recognized.
Instinctively, Yvette and the crowd turned around to find a charming young man in a suit. His intimidating presence was accentuated by the black Fankrit inscriptions tattooed on his neck. When he
lowered his gaze, he carried an air of arrogance and indifference.
But as the crowd took a closer look, they realized the young man was in fact a woman.
###chapter1296
Chapter 1296 Sevie Is Here
Everyone was swept up in a swirl of questions. Who was that young woman? How did she get up there? Was she even qualified to be sitting there?
The actors had halted their performance upon Wynter's presence. Even the waitstaff stopped their work and stood straight with shifting expressions. They had been equipped with an earpiece for receiving commands, but they remained frozen and exchanged uncertain glances.
As the waitstaff hesitated, Yvette loudly reprimanded, "My dear sister, do you even realize where you are? You can't simply take a seat there. Come down at once."
Some had recognized Wynter while others remained puzzled by Yvette's words. Was that young woman really Yvette's sister? But she was clearly the Quinnell family's daughter
However, they knew they were in no position to voice their thoughts on such an occasion. Still, they couldn't help but wonder if the Whitmans even recognized Wynter.
Though the Whitman family refrained from mentioning the Quinnells, Wynter's aunts had seen her picture before and planned to share it with their husbands at an appropriate time. Several pictures of Wynter had been leaked online in the past, but all of them had been secretly removed.
Despite never meeting Wynter, Taylor was deeply impressed by her way of handling things. When Yvette referred to Wynter as her sister, he assumed the two young women were related by blood and subconsciously spared another glance at Wynter.
On the other hand, Reuben appeared delighted and rose with his cane. "Why, hello, Dr. Genius. What brings you here?"
Taylor was surprised by Reuben's comment. It was only then he realized that Wynter was the mysterious doctor who had cured Reuben yesterday. He had never seen his father so hale and hearty in years.
Initially, the Whitmans were concerned about Wynter and intended to investigate the reason for her unusual visit to Reuben. But after witnessing Reuben finish two plates of pasta and stop coughing in the middle of the night, the family was eager to find her to express their gratitude.
Taylor hadn't expected to find the mysterious doctor at Serenity Hotel. That said, it felt entirely reasonable if Wynter was part of the hotel. After all, no one really knew what secrets lay there.
Taking a step forward, Taylor was about to express his gratitude when Wynter suddenly spoke. With a smile, she called in a crisp voice, "Hello, Uncle Taylor."
Her greeting dropped like a bombshell, causing a stir among the crowd.
Kenton's face was all scrunched up as he shot a questioning glare at the Lark family, who had been serving him for years.
The Larks were dumbfounded as well. They had no clue how Wynter managed to get into the hotel in Marie's absence or how she ended up on the second floor.
Amidst the stupefied crowd, Taylor momentarily broke from his usual calm composure and froze in shock. He raised an eyebrow and turned around, gazing at the young woman before him.
Even with her air of confidence, Taylor noticed the familiar traits in the beauty marks under her large eyes. More importantly, her cocky attitude reminded him vividly of the grinning child in his memories. Though he had initially doubted his ears, he was now certain that Wynter was his beloved niece.
###chapter1297
Chapter 1297 Grandpa Reuben
Wynter had blossomed into a far more stunning woman than they had expected, one who was likely to attract attention with her charms. However, Taylor remained puzzled by Reuben's reference to Wynter as a genius doctor.
At that moment, Reuben realized something and stared at Wynter with quivering lips.
He recognized a touch of self-interest in the medical recommendations she provided. He couldn't decide whether to admire her brilliance or cunningness. Regardless, he found it impossible to stay angry with her. Wynter was as endearing as ever. Though Reuben attempted to take a closer look at her, he couldn't bring himself to approach her due to the recent misunderstanding and the long-standing conflict between the two families.
But Wynter was the favorite child among Harmony Community's senior members. She could read the minds of the stubborn elderly, much less her blood relatives. Without hesitation, Wynter jumped over the railing and approached Reuben with a smile.
"I'm sorry, Grandpa. I should've told you my real identity and the reason for my visit yesterday," she apologized sincerely.
Reuben looked at her in silence, though his softened expression betrayed his feelings.
Wynter cleared her throat and continued, "However, I noticed I was being followed upon arriving at the Whitman residence, and even the staff seemed a bit off.
"Given your condition, I decided to treat you before investigating the situation. That was why I didn't reveal my identity earlier."
Her revelation sparked a commotion among the crowd.
"What does she mean? Is she saying that there's a mole within the Whitman family?" one speculated.
"That can't be. No one would dare to scheme against the Whitmans," another said skeptically.
"Not exactly. That person might have a chance..." someone suddenly whispered.
Instantly, all eyes turned to Kenton.
It was a fact that the Whitman family had guided the Wrays to their success. However, Kenton's recent efforts suggested he planned for the Wrays to replace the Whitmans as the top player. If that were the case, he might have schemed something.
As Kenton felt the weight of everyone's gazes, he gritted his teeth and forced a smile. "From your words, it seems you're the one who cured Mr. Whitman Senior."
Kenton purposely shifted the conversation to avoid exposing his misdeeds at such a formal event.
Wynter glanced at him and smirked. "That's right. It's a shame you can't fully exploit your pawns."
Feigning ignorance, Kenton expressed his surprise, "To think you possess such incredible skills! But I've never recalled Taylor mentioning this."
It was obvious that Kenton intended to sow discord between the Whitmans and the Quinnells by bringing out their long-standing conflict into the open. He couldn't afford to let his painstaking efforts go to waste. Even if Wynter was a good talker, the estrangement between the Whitmans and Quinnells was undeniable. At that moment, Yvette chimed in, "Mr Wray, you might not know this, but Wynter has troubles with familial ties. There's nothing she can do to change that. If the Whitman family..."
Without sparing a glance, Wynter swiftly threw a silver needle at Yvette. The needle grazed Yvette's hair and pinned her unfinished words to the wall behind her.
Though the guests couldn't appreciate Wynter's skills, Serenity Hotel's personnel certainly could.
As the actors watched Wynter, they recognized she had performed a move from an ancient martial art- one even they couldn't decipher. They couldn't help but wonder if Gail was aware of Wynter's prowess.
###chapter1298
Chapter 1298 She's Doomed
Though Kenton wasn't privy to the hotel personnel's thoughts or knowledge in ancient martial arts, he knew for sure that the ignorant Wynter was doomed.
Serenity Hotel had long upheld a set of stringent rules. Auctions were prohibited on the first floor, the second floor was strictly off-limits, and troublemakers were promptly expelled.
Only a selected few were granted access to the second floor. Rumors claimed that Gordon had once enjoyed the opera performance from an elevated seat with a young man, who was said to be Serenity Hotel's owner. As it was merely a rumor, the truth remained uncertain.
Kenton doubted that a young man could've built such a renowned business on his own. And if he did exist, why were there no records of his descendants?
Dismissing the thought, Kenton turned to shoot Wynter a spiteful glare. If he couldn't stop her himself, he would leave her to the hotel's judgment. He was determined to ensure that the Quinnell family could never rise again, by whatever means necessary.
Serenity Hotel had one unwavering rule-any personal grudges had to be set aside upon entering its door. The hotel didn't condone bloodshed, and any physical brawls had to be taken outside.
However, there were always arrogant fools trying to test its boundaries. The last person to flaunt their prestigious background and cause a scene at the hotel was sentenced to penal labor. Not only that, their entire family was erased from existence.
Since then, all guests had stuck to the rules and dared not to challenge the hotel's authority. Yet, Wynter hadn't only violated the rules by wandering to the second floor, but she had also taken the offensive.
Kenton could barely stifle a laugh at the thought. So what if Wynter was the Quinnell family's descendant? After all, Shane had been driven out last time. Kenton couldn't wait to see Wynter make a fool of herself.
Realizing the same thing, Reuben swiftly stepped in front of Wynter and implored the figure of higher standing.
His deep, resonated voice hinted at a considerable recovery. "This child wasn't aware of Serenity Hotel's rules. Please show her some mercy,"
While Wynter believed that she wouldn't face consequences, she couldn't ignore the murmurs around her. "Mr. Whitman Senior should understand that Serenity Hotel's rules are absolute," one commented.
"Indeed. Even if you provide compensation, the hotel will refuse to accept them. Besides, that person was driven out last time, too. And it looks like the Quinnell family's daughter is headed for the same fate. Look, the guards are moving..." another remarked.
As the guards were ready to spring into action, they suddenly heard a deep voice come through their earpiece.
"Leave her alone. Stick to your duties," the voice ordered. Instantly, the security guards stopped in their tracks and remained still.
Seeing that, Kenton became agitated. He had heard that Serenity Hotel's personnel were expert martial artists, yet none of them had moved to drive Wynter out.
Could the hotel's owner have turned a blind eye to Wynter's ignorance for Reuben's sake?
The other guests shared Kenton's bewilderment. At that moment, they started to believe that Wynter had been pardoned because of Reuben's sincere plea, so Serenity Hotel's personnel had been instructed not to
take action against her. It seemed that luck was on Wynter's side.
Having learned about Serenity Hotel's rules, Yvette had plotted to lead Wynter into breaking one of them. She was told that the Quinnells and Whitmans were at odds, yet she never expected Reuben to plead for Wynter's mercy.
###chapter1299
Chapter 1299 Go Back to Kingbourne
Clenching her fists, Yvette recalled the threat of the silver needle aimed at her. She would've scarred her face if she hadn't ducked. It was clear that Wynter was aiming for her life!
Since arriving at Hawford, Yvette basked in reverence and admiration. Yet, Wynter didn't bother to show her respect.
After a moment of pondering, Yvette caressed her face and spoke in a pitiful tone, "I know it's harsh for you, but the Whitman family deserves to learn the divination from your horoscopes."
Wynter retorted as she fiddled with her needles, "Do you not understand why you're still alive? Are you even worthy of calling me your sister?
"You can fool others with your tricks, but you'd better show some restraints around me. Otherwise, I can't guarantee my needle won't find its mark next time."
Yvette fearfully retreated a step, knowing that Wynter meant every word she said. In truth, Yvette wouldn't be standing there if it weren't for Margaret.
Even so, Yvette felt a deep sense of indignation. Despite her ability to foresee the future, she remained inferior to Wynter.
Yvette bit her bottom lip and glanced sideways. Instantly, those who benefitted from venture capitalism on her advice stepped up to defend her.
"You're Ms. Quinnell, right? I'm sure you're still unfamiliar with the rules in Hawford. If you have any questions, you can always ask for clarification.
"We're willing to overlook your ignorance for Mr. Whitman Senior's sake, but you should watch your words," one reprimanded sharply.
"That's right. You have no idea how much profit we've made with Ms. Yates' guidance. How dare you accuse her of being a swindler?" another fumed.
"Ms. Yates was simply showing her concern, yet you threatened her with your needles. I can't imagine your upbringing. I suggest you provide her some proper education, Mr. Whitman Senior," someone else said with a snicker.
The group gathered around and berated Wynter.
Seeing the commotion, Kenton feigned a gentle smile and proceeded to ease the tension. "That's enough, you guys. Mr. Whitman Senior did mention Ms. Quinnell isn't familiar with the rules in Hawford. Just give her some time."
"In that case, she should go back to Kingbourne! How dare she slander Ms. Yates in Hawford? It's utterly absurd," someone retorted.
At that moment, Wynter let out a soft chuckle. "Indeed. To think that you're investing in stocks based on a fortune teller's advice-that's definitely news to me."
Her remark sparked a fury among the group. Most of them reddened in anger, appearing far from the composed professional venture capitalists one expected.
In the end, they were merely hypocrites seeking illicit gains and had questionable connections with the Wray family.
Yvette couldn't have achieved such fame if it weren't for the Wrays' support. Yet, Wynter couldn't shake the feeling that the scene was eerily familiar.
It reminded her of the fake fortune teller who had gathered such prominent individuals in Kingbourne. A similar scheme was played at Hawford.
Wynter suspected that external powers other than the Darnell family were backing the Wrays.
Her beauty mark glinted as Wynter glanced at the group. With a gentle spin of her lucky token, she deduced the ones behind the murder case of Club Solstice were the Wray family's allies.
After all, it was impossible for a single family to establish such an extensive network in the gray area on their own.
With a clear goal in mind, Wynter decided to collect a few strands of hair as evidence to secure their eventual conviction.
At that moment, one of those offended by Wynter rolled their eyes and questioned furiously, "Are you calling us a fool?"
"The fact that you understand that means you're smarter now," Wynter casually commented.
###chapter1300
Chapter 1300 Cancel the Contracts
The businessmen were enraged by Wynter's arrogant attitude. They had never encountered a young woman as rude as she was!
Unable to tolerate her insolence further, Emmett warned, "Sounds like you need a lesson in manners!"
Hearing that, Taylor instantly moved in front of Wynter. His tall, imposing figure cast a commanding presence, and his cold, somber eyes gazed down at Emmett.
"And what exactly do you plan to do? Are you going to teach me a lesson, too? It's regrettable I've just come to realize how the Whitman family is held in such low regard. If you wish to sever ties with us, then so be it.
"From now on, we are canceling all procurement contracts with the Lark and Stafford families. Contracts with other families will be terminated upon expiration," Taylor sternly declared.
It was only then the group of businessmen realized that Wynter's situation was completely different from Shane's.
Not only was she the Quinnell family's child, but she was also Taylor's biological niece. The businessmen now regretted their impulsive criticism of Wynter to defend Yvette.
Little did they know that Wynter intended to provoke them. Rumors claimed that players in business warfare were typically artful and shrewd. But beneath the surface, they were often left with frustration and agitation upon being exposed as dupes who failed to profit.
By doing so, Reuben and Taylor could distinctly feel the derision that others held for both the Whitman family and Wynter herself. Clearly, Wynter's little ploy proved effective.
Though Taylor appeared calm, his fists were tightly clenched. How dared those businessmen belittle Wynter? Had they come to see the Whitman family as insignificant? Or did they believe he would stay silent in defense of his niece?
Noting Taylor's fury, Wynter decided to leave the matter to her uncle. After all, there were different ways to reconcile with a distant family.
Emmett looked extremely pale as he struggled to provide an explanation. However, Taylor merely dismissed him as he turned to address the crowd.
"The Whitman family has indeed had issues with the Quinnells, but those are matters of the past. Wynter has nothing to do with it. As you've heard, she was also the one who cured my father. And Ms. Yates..."
Taylor paused before warning sharply, barely containing the distaste in his eyes, "My niece hails from the Quinnell family, while you're the Yates' daughter. I advise you to stop acting as though you're related." Unlike Noah, Taylor didn't hesitate to express his displeasure aloud. It reminded Kenton of the younger and more overbearing Taylor he had known in the past.
For years, Kenton had yearned to take over Taylor's place. Upon seeing Taylor reclaim his former presence, Kenton realized he had to expedite his plot against the Whitman family.
Taylor might defend his beloved niece now, but would he maintain such confidence once Wynter sent him behind bars?
Feeling more relieved at the thought, Kenton believed he shouldn't show his trump card just yet. He could let Taylor have his moments. After all, the Whitman family had much bigger concerns to address.
###chapter1301
Chapter 1301 The Chamber of Commerce's Ethos
"Calm down, Taylor. These guys are simply ignorant. I'll lecture them after the meeting," Kenton suggested as he glanced at Emmett.
Seeing that Kenton gave Emmett an out, Taylor chose not to press the issue further.
"I'm sure Ms. Yates has some sort of connection with Wynter, but we're not in any position to comment on that," Kenton continued.
At that, Yvette had no choice but to suppress her displeasure and gave a subtle nod in response.
Turning to Wynter, Kenton put on a pretense of a peacemaker and explained, "You should be mindful of your words and actions around your elders, Wynter. While I understand the Quinnells are a powerful family in Kingbourne, things are different here in Hawford.
"Moreover, Ms. Yates is our esteemed guest and a new member of the Chamber of Commerce. Here's some advice-don't go causing trouble. Mr. Whitman Senior might be able to shield you this time, but there's no guarantee for the next.
"And don't incite Taylor, either. As the Chamber of Commerce's members, we can't sever our business ties easily,"
Though his words seemed like advice for Wynter, they were actually a warning to Taylor. Kenton was subtly cautioning that Taylor shouldn't burn his bridges before the upcoming voting session.
If the Whitman family ended their partnerships with the other families, the companies dependent on them would suffer greatly. Those businesses hadn't managed to secure any profitable projects and were falling behind on trends.
At that moment, Wynter finally understood Kenton's scheme. It appeared he plotted to gang up against the Whitman family and usurped their rights within the Chamber of Commerce. Given Yvette's presence, it seemed she would be his plan's linchpin.
However, Wynter doubted that Yvette could truly predict stock market movements.
Previously, she had sensed something unusual about Yvette. Aside from the skills she appropriated from Margaret, Yvette seemed to possess a foresight that outstripped her apparent capabilities.
To put it simply, it was akin to buying a winning lottery ticket without knowing its date and number. Noting that Yvette only knew the general direction without key details, Wynter suspected that she might have been reborn.
Wynter gazed down at her hand and gently caressed the black ring on her finger. Although she had planned to expose Yvette's deceit, she came up with a new idea.
The stock market was constantly fluctuating, yet the Wrays had made a fortune thanks to Yvette's forecast.
Wynter decided to leave Yvette to her forecasting, but she would make sure those despicable people cough up the money with the same guidance from their trusted fortune teller.
With a plan in mind, Wynter turned to Kenton and replied, "Thank you for your advice, Mr. Wray. But while engaging in business is necessary, upholding principles is equally important.
"Grandpa Gordon mentioned that Cascadian businessmen should foster healthy competition while helping each other out. And members of the Chamber of Commerce must take the people's interests to heart.
"Yet, your actions seem to suggest a rejection of the values that Grandpa Gordon once established, Mr. Wray."
Kenton chided himself for underestimating Wynter's keenness. He didn't expect the young woman he deemed arrogant and overbearing would confront him with the Chamber of Commerce's ethos. Clearly, she intended to win the favor of Gordon's former allies.
Recognizing the impending threat, Kenton quickly explained, "None of us has forsaken the Chamber of Commerce's initial aspirations. However, times have changed, and we need to adapt to the new trends."
He paused briefly and continued with a smile, "You're still young and inexperienced. I'm sure you have questions about businesses. Perhaps you can ask Taylor about the workings within the Chamber of Commerce after the meeting."
###chapter1302
Chapter 1302 The Quinnells and the Whitmans
Kenton was blatantly mocking Wynter for her lack of business acumen.
Not only had Wynter yet to secure prominent achievements in Hawford, but the local business also centered around listings and stock valuation. In that context, Wynter was undoubtedly a novice in Hawford's business environment.
To business people, what mattered most was how much worth of investments they could bring in. With that in mind, Kenton had successfully secured his foothold within the Chamber of Commerce.
"Great power comes with great responsibility, Wynter. But not to worry. You'll always have time to learn, "Kenton commented as he glanced at the Whitmans, knowing that both Taylor and Reuben would understand his underlying meaning.
The Whitman family couldn't possibly abandon the businesses dependent on them. If they severed ties with other businesses, those companies would lose their funding and could face closure.
In contrast, Kenton's considerable financial resources gave him the edge in any price war. While he possessed the financial capacity to bear the losses, other companies might find it difficult to cope.
On top of that, most export trading companies relied on Kenton's foreign networks for business. His alliance with the Darnell family gave him the power to pull the plug on those companies.
Though Taylor was infuriated by Kenton's hidden threat, he was more concerned about Reuben's health. After all, the Whitman family had extended their support to the Wrays. Had they never offered that bailout, the Wray family might never have had the power to oppress the SMEs.
In the past, Reuben would've aggravated his health upon hearing Kenton's snide remarks. But after witnessing Wynter's impressive skills, he started to believe the rumors about her reforming the Quinnell family.
In that case, she might be able to square up against the Wray family.
Wynter carried both families' essences in her veins. She was completely different from her despicable father, who had exploited the Whitmans as his stepping stone.
"Kenny's right, Sevie. You might need to spend some time understanding the business world better," Reuben echoed, raising his hand to motion Wynter for support.
While Kenton bristled at the nickname, Wynter sensibly stood beside Reuben.
As she leaned down slightly to offer her support, she appeared docile and attentive in contrast to her earlier indifference and imperiousness. It was as if her obedience and care were solely reserved for Reuben.
"Indeed, there's so much to learn. I'll stay by your side and learn from your experience, Grandpa." Wynter grinned.
Kenton clenched his fists so tightly that his nails dug into his palms. For years, he had been scheming to hinder any potential collaborations between the Quinnell and Whitman families.
If the two families joined forces, confronting them in a financial conflict would be nearly impossible unless Kenton had secured funds from foreign investments.
Everything was going as planned until an unexpected development threw things off course.
Under everyone's watchful gaze, Wynter and Reuben stood together affectionately. Regardless of whether Reuben was putting on a front, it was clear he meant that the Whitman and Quinnell families would work together once more as they did before.
###chapter1303
Chapter 1303 None of Your Concern 
The crowd visibly paled as they watched the heartfelt exchange between Wynter and Reuben, especially those who had long colluded with the Wray family. 
Throughout the years, Kenton’s associates had discreetly sowed 
discord between the Whitman and Quinnell families for their own 
interests. Sometimes, they even exaggerated misunderstandings or remained silent about the truth. 
If the Whitman and Quinnell families made amends, it would inevitably bring their past misdeeds to light. In that scenario, the Whitmans would never forgive them, particularly regarding Marie’s affairs. 
The whole reason they sided with Kenton could be traced back to when they deceived Shane and provided false information about Marie. 
Upon learning of Wynter’s disappearance, Isabella attempted to meet Marie out of concern. In truth, Marie had regained her sanity during her time with Shane. Though she had hoped to reach out to Isabella, Shane hindered her attempts. 
Driven by their greed, Kenton’s associates hesitated to speak the truth about Marie. Instead, they claimed that Marie would be belittled if the Whitmans didn’t support Shane’s success in Hawford. 
Despite noting her longing and desperation, they chose to keep the truth from Isabella. In the end, Isabella never had the chance to reunite with her daughter before her passing. 
The Whitman family was on the verge of ruin at that time, and many families had severed ties with them, 
To make matters worse, Marie seemed to have taken advantage of 
303 None of Your Conce 
their vulnerable state to snub them Under such circumstances, h indifference had become the greatest anguish they felt. 
Given Taylor’s adamant nature, Kenton’s associates couldn’t help fearing his reaction to the truth. They were apprehensive about hi swiftly cutting off their business connections. 
At that moment, some individuals considered betraying Kenton t gain the Whitmans‘ favor during the voting session. 
Though Kenton was crossed, he had no choice but to accept the nickname given. He wasn’t particularly annoyed by Reuben 
outsmarting him, but he was certainly taken aback by Wynter’s brilliance. 
Kenton had expected Wynter to be an ignorant prodigal with nothing to offer but her looks. However, he never anticipated her demureness around Reuben, seemingly trying to ingratiate herself with him. 
Reading Kenton’s mind, Wynter gazed at him and stated, “I believe Mr. Wray’s affirmation remains to be proven. 
“While it’s essential to bring fresh perspectives into business, we must also remember our roots. Grandpa Fabian once spoke of Grandpa Reuben not just as a businessman but also as an 
entrepreneur. 
“I recalled Grandpa Reuben once inscribed a vision of a land of peace and flourishing. He had hoped that Cascadian merchants would build their wealth, and in turn, contribute to the nation’s prosperity. 
“I can’t agree less with your statement, Mr. Wray. Instead, I’ll heed 
Grandpa Reuben’s advice and follow his examples. Cascadian 
merchants should stay true to the core values. There’s nothing to fear when our country is strong and thriving.” 
Such were the words Reuben had spoken 
had forgotten about his procla 
Chapter 1300 None of Your Concer 
Hearing Wynter echo the familiar proclamation, Taylor couldn’t help but feel impressed by her guilefulness. To earn Reuben’s favor, she must’ve conducted extensive research to gather such detailed information. 
More importantly, Wynter revealed that it was Fabian who told her about Reuben’s achievements. Not only did she seek to heal the rift between the Quinnell and Whitman families, but she also suggested that both her grandfathers had always been on good terms and shared common aspirations. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
X 
###chapter1304
Chapter 1304 On Wynter’s Side 
This made Kenton so angry that he felt like his head was about to explode. Who did Wynter think she was? Such brazenness and complete disregard for decorum! 
Reuben chuckled inwardly, a hint of indulgence in his tone. “You don’t have to say these things to appease me, Wynter. I’ve always admired your grandfather’s decisive and vigorous approach to business. 
“Besides, the late Mr. Quinnell Senior taught us well when he was alive. Rest assured, everything will be fine with your grandfather in Kingbourne and me in Hawford.” 
This seemingly casual remark caused everyone’s expressions to change drastically. 
Not only did Kenton’s face darken, but even those who were usually inconspicuous within the Chamber of Commerce frowned. And as for those still hoping to profit from the situation, they were left utterly disconcerted. 
Taylor was also surprised at how quickly Reuben’s attitude had changed. After all, he had been the most hurt over the years. 
Reuben didn’t care about anyone’s reactions. He patted the back of Wynter’s hand. “You’ve healed me, and I know it well. Just like you said, illnesses are born of the heart. I’ll work on healing mine. 
“The rift between the Quinnell and Whitman families is our own affair and has nothing to do with outsiders.” 
As Reuben spoke, he even lifted his gaze slightly, his expression remaining calm and serene. “Over the 
years, all of you have worried about us. But now things have come to a resolution. 
“Kenton, you should be happy. After all, Lynette always brings news about Marie every time she visits. She would tell me how the Quinnells are doing, reminding me that I have a daughter who prioritizes her husband’s family over her own. 
“She even advised me to let it go, as a married daughter is no longer tied to her birth family. I have come to terms with it.” 
Reuben’s remark was like a dagger to the heart. 
Kenton was seething but still had to maintain his smile. “Marie has had her own difficulties. It’s wonderful that you can understand. It will make everyone happy if the Quinnell and Whitman families reconcile.” 
Kenton clenched his teeth as he spoke. Although he wanted to completely bring the Whitmans. down, he knew he had to proceed slowly. 
He had yet to fully control the Chamber of Commerce and couldn’t afford to openly turn against the Whitmans yet. After all, a starving camel was still bigger than a horse. 
Moreover, that person had promised him wealth and luxury beyond his imagination as well as the position of the Chamber of Commerce’s president if he assisted them covertly. But the condition was that he had to maintain stability in the current situation. 
Rumors circulated outside that there was a badge in Reuben’s possession in the Chamber of 
Chapter 1304 On Wynter’s Side 
Commerce at the time. 
With both badges, one could command not just domestic members but also overseas Cascadian businessmen. This was because those badges represented the founding generation with the most capital. 
In Hawford, the prime example was Cleo Sinclair. Kenton had been unable to deal with this unyielding figure, who was also one of the people from the founding generation. Despite their lack of advancement, they remained wealthy. 
Cleo didn’t take sides. He simply followed the orders of whoever had the badges. 
It so happened that Cleo was acquainted with Serenity Hotel’s owner. Kenton didn’t understand why this owner knew all these old–timers who were halfway into the grave. Yet, these very elders continued to block Kenton’s path. 
And now there was Wynter. 
“Since you also see this as a good thing, and today’s event is for the Chamber of Commerce, with Wynter having a spot and being the Quinnell family’s heir, she is qualified to participate in the assessment. I trust this is in accordance with the Chamber’s rules?” Reuben directed his question at Kenton. 
“It does.” Kenton took a deep breath and smiled. “Of course, it does.” Wynter appearing at Serenity Hotel was Kenton’s biggest blunder today! 
 
###chapter1305
Chapter 1305 Wynter 
“Mr. Reuben, what are you talking about? Wynter isn’t an outsider. She is the late Mr. Quinnell Senior’s descendant. So, of course, she is qualified to participate in the Chamber’s assessment,” Kenton continued. 
At this moment, Kenton regretted sparing Reuben’s life. If he had dealt with him back then, he could have avoided his current passive position. 
If it hadn’t been for the instructions from that person, who needed to use Reuben to restrain the Whitmans, he would have been long dead by now Instead, he now stood before Kenton, calling him his name with such familiarity every breath. 
“That’s good, then,” Reuben said, not bothering to look at Kenton’s expression while leaning on his dragon cane. 
He continued, “When I heard everyone belittling my granddaughter in my presence just now, I thought perhaps you had forgotten the true purpose behind the Chamber of Commerce’s establishment. 
“It’s good that Kenton hasn’t forgotten. Otherwise, if the Chamber members were reduced to relying on fortune telling, I wouldn’t know how to face the idealistic and ambitious heroes above with this old face of mine.” 
Reuben’s statement not only left Kenton unable to refute but also embarrassed Yvette. 
After all, it was absurd to allow a fortune teller to dictate everything in a well–established Chamber of Commerce. When everyone lost their own judgment, how different would they be from puppets? 
Wynter listened from the side, suppressing the urge to applaud Reuben. Was this the feeling of having someone powerful backing you? It was definitely an exhilarating experience. 
Indeed, being vulnerable was the first necessary step to improve the relationship between the Quinnell and Whitman families. 
Wynter knew Reuben wouldn’t leave her in a passive position at the Chamber of Commerce. Even if she didn’t cure Reuben, she knew both her uncles, Noah and Taylor, also wouldn’t target her at the Chamber. 
The Whitmans‘ values didn’t condone taking pride in taking others‘ possessions. And those who had thought otherwise felt like they had been slapped in the face. 
Wynter stood still at the side, the tear mole at the corner of her eye glinting. She remained silent throughout, allowing Reuben to take the lead. 
It wasn’t as if Wynter didn’t have more direct methods at her disposal. She could expose her identity as the angel investor. This would cause several of the Wray family’s industry chains to face critical shortages. 
It was just that it wasn’t necessary to resort to such measures yet. More importantly, in this situation, one would come to understand what truly mattered. 
Chapter 1305 Wynter 
The Wray family’s threat to the Whitmans relied on the rift between the Whitman and Quinnell families. But what if that rift were mended? 
Could Kenton still speak so recklessly to Noah and Taylor as he did earlier? Was Kenton not obedient now? 
Wynter smirked as her fingertip idly brushed against the black ring on her index finger. 
Reuben glanced sideways at Wynter. “Wynter, remember to consult your uncles if you need to take action later. Don’t act recklessly like you did when you first arrived so that embarrass Mr. Quinnell.” 
you won’t 
In reality, no one knew exactly what was discussed at the Chamber of Commerce if they hadn’t been there before. However, with Reuben’s remarks, Wynter began to understand that there must be some sort of selection criteria in place. 
“Don’t worry, Grandpa. I will remember that,” Wynter replied. 
Just then, the surveillance camera beside Wynter moved slightly. 
In a hidden room on Serenity Hotel’s top floor, Gail held a glass of imported grape wine as he watched the live feed from the surveillance monitor. Next to him lay a recently played game. 
At that moment, a knock was heard. 
“Come in.” 
“Boss, there’s nothing special about this Chamber meeting. In the main hall, only the Wray and Whitman families are noteworthy. The rest are minor players. There’s also a new heir sent by the Quinnell family from Kingbourne,” Samiyah said as she searched for a chair and sat down. 
As Gail watched the monitor, an image of Wynter smiling faintly at the camera suddenly appeared. He instinctively leaned back as he revealed a deeply intrigued expression. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1306
Chapter 1306 Our Boss‘ Wife 
“Boss, what are you looking at?” Samiyah asked as she turned to look at the monitor in confusion. 
Gail placed his wine glass on the mahogany table and stood up as he adjusted his attire. “How many times have I told you to not call me Boss? I’m just an employee. I was just wondering… how long can a person live?” 
“Huh?” Samiyah was even more confused now. 
Gail took a deep breath. “Of all people to provoke, they just had to choose her.” 
“Boss, do you know this new heir from the Quinnell family?” Samiyah widened her eyes in surprise. She wondered when Gail got to know her and why she didn’t know about this. 
Gail put on an amulet. “Yes, I know her. She’s our boss‘ wife. Didn’t you notice the ring she was wearing? That belongs to the boss.” 
Gail kept his eyes on the monitor and instinctively shifted his position, as if worried that Wynter might see him through the screen. 
He muttered to himself, “The secret entrance was activated. I thought the boss had arrived, but it 
turned out it was the boss‘ wife. I need to be more cautious.” 
Whenever Wynter showed that expression, someone was bound to have a rough time. 
However, there was one thing Gail still needed to consider thoroughly. He wasn’t sure if he should go down to meet Wynter later. 
Samiyah was puzzled. The boss and his wife? For years, she had assumed that Gail was joking when he said he was just an employee. Could Serenity Hotel really have a secret owner? 
Those close to Gail were all trusted confidants. Take Samiyah for example. While Samiyah herself aged, Gail seemed to remain as he was when they first met. 
He hadn’t changed at all except for becoming slightly more mature. He rarely ventured out or met people due to this fact. 
Samiyah felt like she was dreaming now. She was confused and unsure of what to make of the 
situation. 
Meanwhile, Kenton, who was downstairs, only had one thought–to regain some control over the 
situation! 
At the Chamber of Commerce, they were about to vote for the next season’s decision–making members, who would then select the Chamber’s president. He had to find a way to ensure that as many of the members as possible were on his side 
“Alright, everyone, please take a seat. As per tradition, starting now and for the next three days, anyone who can revitalize their business will be eligible to become a new member of the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce,” Kenton said. 
Kenton raised his hand, and an rose from each of the proscenium stage’s eight corners, symbolizing wealth coming from all directions. 
Chapter 1306 Our Boss‘ Wife 
2/2 
make a 
“I want to reiterate Serenity Hotel’s rules. Do not offend the hotel owner’s taboos. If you bid and win, you must follow through and take the goods. No clever tricks or changing your mind afterward.” 
Kenton continued, his words directed at Wynter, This is also why I chose Serenity Hotel for this Chamber meeting. As business people, it’s not just about skill. Seizing opportunities and selecting the right partners are equally important.” 
Then, he glanced toward Yvette. He was confident that most people would choose to collaborate with her. The recent trends in the stock market had already provided evidence of this. 
Kenton had previously doubted Yvette’s abilities. However, all the stocks she had managed turned out to be successful. Not only did she help him earn money, but she was also able to help him in the Chamber of Commerce. 
For Kenton, this was exactly what he envisioned a powerful ally to be. He didn’t think that the Wrays could still lose under these circumstances After all, what mattered in the end was cash flow. 
Kenton confidently withdrew his gaze. “The s represent specific projects behind them. Each person can only bid on one item. Let’s begin.” 
Chapter 1307 Business Tactics 
###chapter1307
Chapter 1307 Business Tactics 
The proscenium stage became an auction hall. However, it differed from typical auction halls. 
The s represented various projects, some profitable and some not. The challenge was to identify the profitable projects and bid on them. 
The competition would reveal who had the better business acumen, and the setup tested one’s understanding of market trends and business skills. Hence, victory would be measured by the total profit earned. 
Before arriving, Kenton had informed Yvette that to become a member of the Chamber of Commerce, she needed to pass a test. Yvette was well aware of the specific projects involved. 
She realized she had been foolish before, wasting her energy on trivial matters. After experiencing the thrill of making money in the stock market, she understood that she should have focused on making big money from the start. 
These projects, especially the profitable ones, had all been trending topics online in her past life. Yvette had seen them many times before. Winning this should be easy for her. 
Yvette thought to herself that Wynter had better not go up against her. In terms of medical skills, Wynter had Margaret’s teachings, which might give her an edge. But in other areas, she’d make sure to crush Wynter! 
Reuben had even brought up her fortune–telling skills. Well, she’d just show the Whitmans just how devastating her abilities could be and drain them dry! 
“Alright, it’s getting late. I’ll give everyone ten minutes to find potential partners and seek collaborations. We’ll start the bidding after ten minutes,” Kenton announced. 
A newcomer didn’t understand the rules and asked, “Must we collaborate with someone?” 
“Of course. The Chamber of Commerce values cooperation and mutual benefit, especially along the industry chain. What’s the point if your profits increase but your partners end up losing everything?” Kenton glanced at the members seated behind the Whitmans as he said that. 
The newcomer finally understood while the long–time members of the Chamber were already well aware of the importance of cooperation. Choosing the right project was crucial, but selecting the right partners was equally essential. Otherwise, they would only face elimination. 
Just then, someone whispered something into Kenton’s ear. 
While some of the attendees were curious, Wynter was already examining the various s. 
Having not 
seen Wynter for such a long time, Taylor spoke in an unusually gentle tone, “Don’t worry. I will be bidding with you, I’ll handle the distribution.” 
Wynter knew Taylor had misunderstood her intentions, but it wasn’t the right time to explain. 
After all, she was playing the role of a pampered heir. Showing weakness to gain her uncles‘ trust was part of her plan to gradually resolve the misunderstandings between them and Marie. 
Wynter could only touch her nose and pretend to be a novice. “Okay.” 
Chapter 1307 Business Tactics 
2/2 
Seeing this, Reuben chuckled. He had a feeling that Wynter already had a plan in mind. “Go ahead and do what you think is best. But keep in mind that Ms. Yates will undoubtedly have far more potential collaborators than you.” 
In the business world, there were both encirclement tactics and price wars. If a competitor’s product was identical to yours but significantly cheaper, and they had more partners, dragging the price down could drive your company out of the market. 
The Hudson family, for instance, was pushed out precisely because of such tactics. 
Reuben was still bedridden when he received the news, but he realized that knowing about it wouldn’t change anything. In the business world, it would always come down to either success or failure: 
He couldn’t even fault Kenton for his tactics.
###chapter1308
Chapter 1308 Here Comes Lucius 
Despite what Wynter said, she already had an answer in mind. She said, “Having more people can also be a disadvantage.” 
It was easy for disagreements to arise. With Wynter’s background in psychology, Wynter was very adept at exploiting this knowledge. 
“Oh? What disadvantage?” 
Taylor wanted to ask more but was interrupted by a sudden commotion from the other side of the 
room.. 
Kenton’s eyes lit up, and a look of superiority and excitement spread across his face. “Everyone, please feel free to relax. We have a distinguished guest arriving. I will go greet them.” 
Who could be important enough for Kenton to refer to them as a distinguished guest? 
Soon, everyone had their answer. 
The person who had caused the commotion walked in. 
He had a strikingly handsome face and was clearly not a local, yet he possessed some Cascadian features. His eyes, a deep green, were profound and piercing, as if they could see right through a 
person. 
With his appearance, the previously noisy hall gradually quieted down. People’s gazes were irresistibly drawn to him, filled with both reverence and curiosity. 
Several attendants followed closely behind the man, their movements precise and their demeanor impeccable. 
As they passed by, the surrounding guests couldn’t help but turn their heads. Some even whispered among themselves, their curiosity about the man’s purpose palpable. 
“I never expected someone like him to attend a meeting held by the Chamber of Commerce.” 
“Mr, Lucius is one of the Chamber’s decision–makers. It’s not surprising for him to be here.” 
“I know, but I didn’t expect someone of his stature to come. If it weren’t for the financial and industry chain support from Mr. Lucius, the Chamber wouldn’t have developed so quickly. He saved a lot of our companies.” 
“He’s also doing this as a favor to Mr. Wray. Bringing in foreign capital was definitely the right move. Otherwise, how could we keep these businesses afloat?” 
“Exactly.” 
These murmurs, though faint, did not escape Lucius‘ keen hearing. However, he did not pause his stride. He merely nodded slightly in acknowledgment to show his respect for those around him. 
As Lucius moved further into the venue, more and more Chamber of Commerce members gathered around, hoping to engage him in conversation and even establish business connections. 
However, Lucius maintained a subtle air of detachment, his gaze constantly searching for 
Chapter 1308 Here Comes Lucius 
something, as if he was uninterested in the surrounding bustle. 
“Mr. Wray, has the Chamber meeting already started?” Lucius asked Kenton, who stood beside 
him. 
Kenton smiled and replied, “Yes, we’ve entered the bidding phase. Since you’ve arrived, Mr. Lucius, you can take a look and decide who you’d like to collaborate with. 
“But don’t worry, as per tradition, the decision of which members the decision–makers collaborate with will not be disclosed until the end. It’s to keep some suspense for the Chamber meeting.” 
“That sounds good,” Lucius responded before turning to look at his assistant. Seeing this, Lucius‘ assistant immediately prepared for the voting process. 
People started to gather around, hoping to be chosen. Their demeanors were clearly ingratiating. 
Even some of those who stood behind the Whitmans wavered. They knew that a casual investment of a billion from Lucius could revive their businesses. 
Some of them stood up and apologized to Reuben before they hurried over to join the lively crowd. There was no way to stop them in such circumstances. 
Kenton knew this, which was why he was so unscrupulous. Hearing that Lucius had arrived, he was happier than anyone else because that was his source of confidence. He had foreign capital backing him up! 
Reuben naturally understood Kenton’s strategy. His eyes darkened, and he let out a long sigh. 
###chapter1309
Chapter 1309 Need Time to Process It 
Even during the earlier commotion, Wynter had not seen Reuben react at all. Now, sitting beside him, she could clearly sense the complexity of Reuben’s emotions. 
“In the past, the Chamber of Commerce united to gain a foothold internationally during economic hardships. Now, we’re relying on a foreigner. It’s truly ironic.” 
“Dad.” Taylor wanted to comfort him. 
Reuben looked up and said, “I’m fine. It’s no use blaming others. After all, businessmen are driven by profit. No one wants their company to go bankrupt, especially when there are so many people depending on them.” 
He didn’t fault those who left their seats. Everyone needed to survive. But in such circumstances, was this still the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce it used to be? 
Wynter understood what Reuben was thinking and turned her gaze back to Lucius. She wondered if this was the man who secretly admired Marie. He did look quite handsome and young, though he was difficult to approach. 
If Lucius did end up supporting her as he said he would, she might reconsider her strategy. 
However, one thing about Wynter was that she never relied on others to determine the outcome. Wynter decided it was best to first have a private conversation and ensure it was done discreetly. 
She felt it was important to also coordinate with Reuben beforehand. So, without delay, she leaned in and whispered, “Grandpa, are you aware that this mixed–race gentleman has feelings for Mom?” 
Reuben was visibly taken aback. In all his years in the business world, he had always maintained a calm demeanor, given his scholarly family background. 
Now, seeing Reuben’s reaction, even Taylor was curious about what Wynter had said to make him react this way. 
Rueben took a while to regain his composure before finally saying, “Wynter, you aren’t joking, are you?” 
“Of course not. Grandpa, you might not know this, but my Grandpa Gordon left a few people behind for me.” Wynter thought for a while before continuing, “I’ve looked into some gossip about 
Mom and this man.” 
Reuben was rendered completely speechless before he spoke again, “You… Give me a moment to process this first.” 
Wynter nodded. “Take your time. I’ll go check things out. He wanted to marry into the Whitman family but was rejected by Mom, so I’ll see how he is now.” 
Wynter stood up right after she spoke, giving Taylor no time to react. In fact, he, who had been decisive and authoritative in the business world, had no clue how to react at all! 
The very thought that the Darnell family’s heir had once been interested in Marie and even wanted to marry into the Whitman family left him stunned. He had no idea what Wynter was talking about! 
Need Tyme to Process !! 
Taylor felt a little disoriented. He shifted in his seat and cleared his throat. “Dad, do you think what Wynter said is credible?” 
“That man does seem somewhat familiar, especially those eyes,” Reuben replied as he watched Lucius, who was surrounded by the crowd, as if lost in thought. 
Only Taylor was feeling restless, especially as Wynter approached those people. He was worried that she might be rejected while selecting a business partner. 
Taylor’s worries were indeed valid. As Wynter approached, those seemingly casual yet meaningful glances exchanged among the crowd silently conveyed their disdain and contempt for her. 
To conceal her true intentions, Wynter randomly approached someone. “Hello, Mr. Hollin. Would you be willing to collaborate with me?” 
Raphael Hollin was engaged in a lively discussion with som
Chapter 1309 
Need Time to Process It 
Even during the earlier commotion, Wynter had not seen Reuben react at all. Now, sitting beside him, she could clearly sense the complexity of Reuben’s emotions. 
“In the past, the Chamber of Commerce united to gain a foothold internationally during economic hardships. Now, we’re relying on a foreigner. It’s truly ironic.” 
“Dad.” Taylor wanted to comfort him. 
Reuben looked up and said, “I’m fine. It’s no use blaming others. After all, businessmen are driven by profit. No one wants their company to go bankrupt, especially when there are so many people depending on them.” 
He didn’t fault those who left their seats. Everyone needed to survive. But in such circumstances, was this still the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce it used to be? 
Wynter understood what Reuben was thinking and turned her gaze back to Lucius. She wondered if this was the man who secretly admired Marie. He did look quite handsome and young, though he was difficult to approach. 
If Lucius did end up supporting her as he said he would, she might reconsider her strategy. 
However, one thing about Wynter was that she never relied on others to determine the outcome. Wynter decided it was best to first have a private conversation and ensure it was done discreetly. 
She felt it was important to also coordinate with Reuben beforehand. So, without delay, she leaned in and whispered, “Grandpa, are you aware that this mixed–race gentleman has feelings for Mom?” 
Reuben was visibly taken aback. In all his years in the business world, he had always maintained a calm demeanor, given his scholarly family background. 
Now, seeing Reuben’s reaction, even Taylor was curious about what Wynter had said to make him react this way. 
Rueben took a while to regain his composure before finally saying, “Wynter, you aren’t joking, are you?” 
“Of course not. Grandpa, you might not know this, but my Grandpa Gordon left a few people behind for me.” Wynter thought for a while before continuing, “I’ve looked into some gossip about 
Mom and this man.” 
Reuben was rendered completely speechless before he spoke again, “You… Give me a moment to process this first.” 
Wynter nodded. “Take your time. I’ll go check things out. He wanted to marry into the Whitman family but was rejected by Mom, so I’ll see how he is now.” 
Wynter stood up right after she spoke, giving Taylor no time to react. In fact, he, who had been decisive and authoritative in the business world, had no clue how to react at all! 
The very thought that the Darnell family’s heir had once been interested in Marie and even wanted to marry into the Whitman family left him stunned. He had no idea what Wynter was talking about! 
Need Tyme to Process !! 
Taylor felt a little disoriented. He shifted in his seat and cleared his throat. “Dad, do you think what Wynter said is credible?” 
“That man does seem somewhat familiar, especially those eyes,” Reuben replied as he watched Lucius, who was surrounded by the crowd, as if lost in thought. 
Only Taylor was feeling restless, especially as Wynter approached those people. He was worried that she might be rejected while selecting a business partner. 
Taylor’s worries were indeed valid. As Wynter approached, those seemingly casual yet meaningful glances exchanged among the crowd silently conveyed their disdain and contempt for her. 
To conceal her true intentions, Wynter randomly approached someone. “Hello, Mr. Hollin. Would you be willing to collaborate with me?” 
Raphael Hollin was engaged in a lively discussion with some colleagues, considering ways to 
curry 
favor with Lucius when Wynter approached. 
Raphael deliberately raised his voice, speaking in a tone that was a mix of jest and seriousness,” Ms. Quinnell, I’m not one to partner with those who rely on their family. 
“After all, I don’t have my grandfather or a maternal grandfather backing me. If my words offend you, don’t take it to heart.” 
His eyes betrayed a clear disdain. It was as if Wynter’s presence was an affront to the entire Chamber of Commerce. 
e colleagues, considering ways to 
curry 
favor with Lucius when Wynter approached. 
Raphael deliberately raised his voice, speaking in a tone that was a mix of jest and seriousness,” Ms. Quinnell, I’m not one to partner with those who rely on their family. 
“After all, I don’t have my grandfather or a maternal grandfather backing me. If my words offend you, don’t take it to heart.” 
His eyes betrayed a clear disdain. It was as if Wynter’s presence was an affront to the entire Chamber of Commerce. 
###chapter1310
Chapter 1310 Looking Down on Wynter 
Raphael’s remarks drew the attention of everyone around them. He was very smart, designing his words to pledge allegiance to Kenton and the Darnell family. 
After all, many people had been wary of a renewed alliance between the Whitman and Quinnell families. They were teetering indecisively. By making such a statement now, Raphael was clearly signaling his loyalty to Kenton and Lucius. 
Sure enough, Kenton’s lips curled into a faint smile before he put on a show of fairness and 
stopped Raphael. “Mr. Hollin, that’s a bit too much. We should give the young ones a chance to prove themselves. 
“Wynter isn’t just relying on her family. Hasn’t she been managing the Quinnell group quite well herself?” 
“Mr. Wray, as businessmen, we’re all aware of how the Quinnell group was revived,” Raphael said, trailing off suggestively. “I don’t want to collaborate with Ms. Quinnell. Let’s see if anyone else here is willing to.” 
The topic was already one that invited criticism. After all, the Quinnell Group was a large corporation with complex interests. It seemed improbable that a young girl recently brought back from a small county could revive a struggling old enterprise. 
She even managed to push influential figures like Shane and Declan out and ultimately seized control of the entire Quinnell family’s fortunes. How was that possible? 
Even an idiot could figure out that this was Fabian’s idea. The real masterminds were probably Albert and Sebastian. One was thriving in the venture capital circle, while the other was a top lawyer specializing in economic cases. 
Wynter was merely a figurehead to boost the Quinnell family’s image. After all, in today’s digital age, marketing was essential to enhance an enterprise’s visibility. 
The story about a young girl from a county town rising to become the Quinnell Group’s head could be sensational. In the end, it was all a part of Fabian’s great scheme. He had pulled off a major move. 
Their friends in Kingbourne had noted that Fabian now visited the company almost daily. It was a stark contrast to his previous semi–retired state, indicating that the online rumors were far from 
credible. 
They believed that Wynter was a privileged brat. From driving a sports car to show off yesterday to making her grand entrance today, it was obvious that everything she had was thanks to her family. 
And yet, she dared to look down on Yvette. They thought that was ridiculous. 
However, while these people were looking down on Wynter, they failed to notice Lucius, whom they were trying so hard to please. 
His gaze had navigated through the crowd and fixed on Wynter, and he wondered if this was really the daughter Marie held so dear. 
Chapter 1310 Looking Down on Wynter 
His deep green eyes were as calm and inscrutable as a still lake. He had genuinely harbored a dislike for the Quinnell family. However, upon seeing Wynter, who appeared relaxed and languid, he seemed to dislike her less than he had anticipated. 
Wynter certainly did not resemble Marie. They were different in appearance and temperament. Wynter’s presence was distinctively unconventional and refined. The ancient inscription tattoo on her neck accentuated her features. 
She was not unlikeable because he didn’t look like Shane. In fact, her clear and expressive eyes reminded Lucius of Marie. 
Wynter also noticed that Lucius, whom she was trying to probe, was looking at her. She was about to approach him when a light and sweet voice interrupted her. 
It was Lynette, who arrived late. “Kenton, why didn’t you call me when the Chamber’s meeting started?” 
She was dressed fashionably. She carried a Hermès handbag and wore the latest diamond necklace design. 
Her makeup was flawless, and she moved with grace. The sound of her high heels clicked on Serenity Hotel’s wooden floor. She was beautiful, but something about her appearance… 
Chapter 1311 Trying to Replace the 
###chapter1311
Chapter 1311 Trying to Replace the Whitmans 
Why did Lynette look almost like Marie? 
Wynter’s eyes narrowed dangerously. She gazed at Lynette’s mismatched features as she lightly tapped her finger on her phone. This was a clear sign she was angry. 
As a medical student, Wynter knew the human body’s structure better than anyone. 
Lynette was undeniably beautiful, but there was something off about her smile. It did not look natural. 
Her beauty wasn’t innate but was rather crafted over time. 
This reminded Wynter of Club Solstice’s suicide case. The girls who had been leading others to spend money in the nightclub on Instagram had all undergone cosmetic surgery. 
That alone might not have been weird, but what caught Wynter’s attention was that every one of them had their procedures done at the club owned by Lynette. 
Previously, Wynter hadn’t connected all these dots. And even now, it was just a few fleeting thoughts crossing her mind. 
Wynter continued to lift her gaze to look at Lynette before raising an eyebrow. It wasn’t just the features. Even the way Lynette spoke seemed to be a deliberate imitation of Marie. 
The Wrays were truly rotten to the core. Not only was Kenton mercilessly consuming his own race in the business world and aiming to oust Noah and Taylor, but even Lyntette sought to take Marie’s place. 
Wynter glanced to the side, her finger tapping the purple sugilite pendant at her waist. Carol, Dora, and Leo, who were inside, seemed to have sensed her touch. 
“Master, that woman reeks of blood.” 
“I know for a fact she’s a bad woman. Master, you must stay away from her. She’s not easy to deal 
with.“. 
Not easy to deal with? 
Wynter didn’t respond. She merely allowed the corners of her mouth to curl slightly. Her attire today only accentuated her sinister and dominating presence, which she didn’t bother concealing. 
Carol’s, Dora’s, and Leo’s voices were inaudible to others. However, Lynette seemed to sense something and turned her gaze toward Wynter. “And you are?” 
“Marie’s daughter. Have you forgotten?” Kenton reminded her from the side. He was already angry with Lynette for failing to handle things properly. He prayed that she wouldn’t cause any further trouble. 
Marie’s daughter? Lynette’s gaze was piercing as she examined Wynter, who was overly refined. She had noticed her immediately upon arrival, sensing that Wynter seemed keen on approaching Lucius. 
Lynette hadn’t anticipated that she was Marie’s daughter. She thought to herself that since Marie 
Chapter 1311 Trying to Replace the Whitmans 
didn’t know her place, it was no wonder Wynter lacked any sense of decorum. 
Though this was what Lynette thought, her face suddenly broke into a wide, surprised smile. “Oh my goodness! Wynter, you’ve grown so much! I didn’t know you were in Hawford. 
“Where’s your mother? And why haven’t you guys visited the Whitman residence to see Mr. Reuben?” 
As she spoke, Lynette moved forward, seemingly eager to hug Wynter. She appeared very warm and welcoming. Yet, her last comment was clearly intended to cause a rift. 
Wynter wasn’t the type to stand there passively and let herself be embraced by the likes of Lynette. As Lynette approached, Wynter deftly sidestepped and avoided her arms. She then raised an eyebrow, subtly telling Lynette to look behind her. 
Lynette glanced back. Upon seeing who was behind her, her entire demeanor stiffened. Her surgically enhanced face looked even more unnatural. “M–Mr. Reuben?” 
How could Reuben possibly be here? Given his condition yesterday, with him vomiting blood, he should definitely be bedridden at home! This was supposed to give the Wray family an advantage over the Whitmans. Had he already recovered? 
Lynette’s expression betrayed her thoughts, and Reuben saw through her as well. “Yes, it’s me. It seems like my presence has disappointed you, Lynette.” 
Lynette quickly realized she had lost her composure and hurried to explain, “No, Mr. Reuben. That’s not what I meant…” 
Chapter 1312 Embarrassing Lynette 
###chapter1312
Chapter 1312 Embarrassing Lynette 
In the past, this kind of demeanor from Lynette might have softened Reuben’s heart. After all, no one would want to believe that a child they watched grow up could suddenly become so 
unfamiliar. 
But after a serious illness, with the Whitmans now at a disadvantage, everything became clear. Coupled with the fact that Wynter had pointed out the spies planted in the Whitman residence by the Wrays, Reuben had no reason to be soft–hearted anymore. 
He shifted his gaze away, completely ignoring Lynette, and addressed Wynter instead. “Wynter, once your assessment is over, I’ll go with you to see your mother.” 
Misunderstandings needed to be spoken about. Reuben wanted to see Marie and ask her what had truly happened back then. 
Wynter smiled at his words, her bright eyes sparkling. “Alright, then. I’ll hurry.” 
Marie hadn’t come in, which probably meant the Wrays had orchestrated her exclusion. 
Wynter wasn’t worried about this. In fact, it was better for Marie not to be present in such a situation. This way, she could better assess Lucius. 
Having spent so much time at the Whitman residence, this was the first time Lynette had been completely ignored. Not only Reuben but even Wynter didn’t spare her a single glance! It was as if she was just an insignificant figure. 
This reminded Lynette of her first meeting with Marie. She had been the same way. She was aloof with no regard for anyone else, surrounded by a crowd of admirers. 
What a joke! Hawford was now under the Wray family’s control! 
As for Reuben, she had once hoped that Marie’s father could be her own. That way, she might also become the of envy throughout Hawford. That was why she had always been so gentle and attentive in front of him, hoping to be adopted as his goddaughter. 
But after all these years, he had never regarded her as his own daughter. It was a waste of her efforts. 
The Whitmans deserved to be completely wiped out, every last one of them! Only then could the Wray family truly rise to the top! 
Wynter didn’t even need to look to know what Lynette was thinking. 
As she brushed past Lynette, Wynter sensed a faint, elusive energy she couldn’t quite place. The twins and Leo were restless as they reminded Wynter to be cautious. 
Wynter didn’t stop. She walked ahead and stood before Lucius. “Mr. Lucius, how about we have a chat? You might be interested in the project I’m about to undertake.” 
Before Lucius could respond, Lynette gracefully shifted aside. A cold smirk lingered at the corner of her mouth. 
She shook her head slightly and addressed Wynter with a condescending tone, “Lucius never 
Chapter 1312 Embarrassing Lynette 
deals with small businesses and shouldn’t be taken lightly. Perhaps you should gain more experience before approaching him.” 
“Oh? Can you speak on his behalf?” Wynter was at the age when people spoke bluntly. “What’s your relationship with him?” 
Lynette’s face instantly flushed red. Almost everyone present knew about her feelings for Lucius. “I 
“There’s no relationship between us at all,” Lucius deep voice interrupted. His green eyes, cold and indifferent, seemed to chill the air. It made everyone who was looking at him shiver. “I don’t know her.” 
Lynette’s admiration for Lucius was indeed not a secret within the Chamber of Commerce. Given the close ties between the Darnell and Wray families, many had thought that Lynette might marry into the Darnell family if she ever remarried. 
But today, Lucius publicly stated that he didn’t know Lynette. 
“Didn’t she say that they were schoolmates?” 
“Yeah, I heard Ms. Wray mention it before.” 
“What’s going on?” 
Chapter 1313 Wynter Never Loses to Snobs 
###chapter1313
Chapter 1313 Wynter Never Loses to Snobs 
The murmurs around her utterly crushed Lynette’s once lofty pride. Her face shifted between paling and flushing with embarrassment. 
Indeed, back in school, Lucius truly didn’t care about anyone. But how could he forget her? She even had Marie deliver a love letter to him on her behalf. 
That memory still made her resent Marie. Despite knowing him, Marie had refused to help. She told Lynette that confessions should be made in person. 
Back then, she was eager to become Lucius‘ girlfriend. She even tried to ask him out directly, knowing he was open–minded, but he never paid her any attention. 
Lynette thought that she had completely changed herself after all these years. There was no way Lucius wouldn’t remember her. How could he, in front of so many people, claim not to know her? 
Kenton felt nothing but embarrassment. Seeing that Lynette was on the verge of losing control, he grabbed her and roughly pushed her aside. “Lynette, this is a Chamber meeting. If you have something to discuss, do it privately.” 
Kenton wondered if Lynette realized that Lucius‘ words had already made their allies question whether their relationship with the Darnell family was as close as they claimed. This fool should have stayed at the club instead of causing trouble here! 
Lynette had originally come with the intention to embarrass Marie. She wanted to see how the Whitmans, who once adored Marie, would treat her now. 
But who would have thought that it would be her who ended up being embarrassed in front of 
everyone? 
Lynette’s eyes locked onto Wynter. It was all this little wretch’s fault! It was her question that had stripped away all her pride! 
Wynter had indeed done it on purpose. She even shrugged at Lynette’s glare. “Ms. Lynette, don’t be upset. It’s my first time at the Chamber of Commerce. I had no idea you were pursuing Mr. 
Lucius.” 
It might have been fine if she hadn’t said her last sentence. But as soon as she did, every Wray family member’s face turned red with embarrassment. 
Wynter even shook her head and sighed at Lucius. “Mr. Lucius, how could you say you don’t know her? That’s too harsh on Ms. Lynette. Being pursued by her is quite the honor in Hawford. You’re the first to have to have that honor.” 
“I’m not interested,” Lucius replied, his gaze never leaving Wynter. 
Lucius thought to himself that Wynter seemed a bit too clever, even to the point where it was a little flippant. 
How did it come to this? How did his own romantic status become a tool for Wynter to mock the Wray family? Was it just his imagination? This was the first time he had ever been used in such a way since taking over his family. 
Chapter 1313 Wynter Never Loses to Snobs 
2/2 
Wynter sighed. “What a shame. Ms. Lynette, don’t be too upset. Matters of the heart are like this…” 
“Enough!” Even with Kenton holding her back, Lynette couldn’t help but let out a low growl. She still had to maintain her image even when she was so enraged that her fingers were trembling. 
“Wynter, didn’t your mother teach you how to behave in different situations? I think she’s been so focused on Shane since marrying into the Quinnell family that she forgot to teach you such basic manners,” Lynette continued. 
“Ms. Lynette, why are you so angry? Did I say something wrong?” Wynter was clearly not very skilled at playing innocent. Her tone was neither pitiful nor bewildered, and her expression remained indifferent. 
Her clear, refined face looked aloof. “My mother only taught me that as a girl, you should never throw yourself at someone. We shouldn’t claim to be a former schoolmate of someone who doesn’t even know you, either. 
“How delusional must one be to imagine themselves as a person’s future wife just because they attended the same school? I truly don’t understand.” 
###chapter1314
Chapter 1314 Becoming a Joke 
Chapter 1314 Becoming a Joke 
“You!” Lynette was livid with rage. Her already discordant face now looked downright grotesque. It was completely devoid of any beauty. 
To make matters worse, someone in the crowd couldn’t help but burst out laughing after hearing Wynter’s words. Everyone looked over to see it was a waitstaff from Serenity Hotel. 
The waitstaff cleared his throat and covered his mouth before apologizing, “Sorry.” But it was clear he was struggling to hold back his laughter. 
The members of the Chamber of Commerce were all feeling second–hand embarrassment for Lynette. They had been discussing things earlier, but now the silence was so profound that it felt like one could hear a pin drop. 
The longer the silence went on, the more Lynette seemed like a complete joke. 
Kenton understood perfectly well that Lynette had utterly humiliated him. “Take her away!” he barked at his assistant. 
Lynette looked at him in disbelief. “Kenton, I’m a member of the Chamber of Commerce too. You can’t-” 
“Take her away!” Kenton snapped. Lynette staying here would only drag the entire Wray family down with 
her! 
The assistant didn’t hesitate and immediately went to escort her out. 
Of course, Lynette was unwilling to leave. She began shouting and causing a scene. “Kenton Wray! Are you out of your mind? You’re turning on me instead of dealing with that girl! I’m your sister! You-” 
Before Lynette could finish her sentence, a silver hairpin sliced across her face. 
It was the actor who was standing beside the auction items on the proscenium stage. Her voice was stern and unyielding, a stark contrast from her usual opera singing tone. 
“At Serenity Hotel, the rules are clear. Be silent upon entry, and don’t say or touch what you shouldn’t.” 
The moment those words were spoken, all the waitstaff turned their gaze toward the actor. Her words were not just a warning for Lynette, but also Kenton. 
One shouldn’t think that they could act recklessly just because they had successfully entered Serenity Hotel. If they broke the rules, they would be shown the door even if they had paid a deposit. 
Kenton understood the gravity of the situation. He had finally managed to get a connection with Serenity Hotel and hadn’t even met the owner yet. He certainly didn’t want to offend them at such a 
crucial 
moment. 
Having just stepped into Hawford’s upper echelons, he couldn’t afford to be kicked out of Serenity Hotel. 
“It’s all a misunderstanding. There have been no disturbances,” Kenton hurriedly said, lowering his stance 
significantly. 
It was well known that people from Serenity Hotel would not mind embarrassing anyone. 
Lynette was also stunned. She was terrified and worried that today’s events would become an irreparable disgrace if the word spread. 
However, under the waitstaff’s scrutinizing gazes, she couldn’t bring herself to say a word. She knew she couldn’t afford to be blacklisted by Serenity Hotel. That would mean she’d never be able to be the top influence in Hawford. 
Chapter 1314 Becoming a Joke 
The onlookers had varied expressions as they observed the Wrays‘ behavior. When Reuben had pleaded on Wynter’s behalf earlier, he had done so with dignity and composure. It reflected his family’s stature. 
Despite sensing the surrounding disdain, Kenton was still anxious and dared not to cause any more trouble. He feared receiving another warning from Serenity Hotel. 
At this moment, Kenton had seemingly forgotten that Wynter had already gone up to the second floor. She was essentially trampling all over Serenity Hotel’s rules without anyone saying a word to her. Was this really all because of Reuben’s influence? 
Only Wynter knew the answer. She was even more certain of her connection with the hotel now, especially after witnessing the scene‘ earlier. However, she was still unsure of the relationship’s exact 
nature. 
However… Wynter glanced down at her hand, pondering. Who would give a black ring as a keepsake? 
###chapter1315
Chapter 1315 Let’s Discuss 
Lynette’s downfall left everyone present with a sense of unease. She had undoubtedly become the Chamber of Commerce’s laughingstock. 
In the world of business, no one was a fool. It was clear now that Lynette had lied about her connection to the Darnell family. But what about Kenton? Would Lucius really back him up? 
Just as everyone was speculating, the aloof and indifferent Lucius suddenly spoke to Wynter. His tone was inscrutable, but his deep green eyes landed on her “What do you want to discuss?” 
Instantly, murmurs rippled through the crowd. 
Kenton’s face turned ashen, looking as lifeless as a withered autumn leaf. He stood frozen, unable to utter a word. After all, Lucius, who stood before him, represented the pinnacle of power and capital. 
Wynter was finally polite now. “May we speak privately?” 
Lucius glanced at his bodyguard with a meaningful look. The bodyguard, a foreigner with an earpiece, swiftly cleared a path. 
“You’re running out of time,” Lucius noted, referring to the auction items. 
Wynter responded with casual ease, “Then I’ll keep it brief.” 
The both of them were quickly separated from the crowd by a wall of bodyguards. It was impossible for anyone to eavesdrop on their conversation. 
Kenton clenched his fists as he felt an unprecedented sense of crisis. He couldn’t understand why Lucius was willing to talk with a privileged brat like Wynter. Could it really be because of Gordon? 
As Kenton scanned the surrounding members‘ expressions, his biggest concern was that they might turn on him at the last minute. After all, he knew better than anyone that most of the Chamber members were 
opportunists. 
It seemed he needed to make preparations. With this in mind, Kenton glanced at three or four people standing in the distance. They were positioned behind Reuben, and they each gave a subtle nod in return. 
Amid the chaos, no one noticed this exchange… Well, except for the people monitoring the surveillance 
cameras. 
“Boss, should we intervene? It seems like the Wrays have planted people in the Whitman family and are planning something shady,” Samiyah asked. 
Gail continued with his game. “No, it’s none of our business. Have you forgotten the hotel’s rules? We should not interfere in the guests‘ private affairs.” 
Samiyah silently questioned it. Hadn’t Gail claimed that the woman downstairs was the boss‘ wife? She was starting to doubt that statement’s truthfulness. 
Meanwhile, Wynter didn’t waste any time beating around the bush with Lucius. 
“I’ve heard you and my mother are old acquaintances.” Wynter’s eyes curved in amusement. “So, it should be alright if I call you Mr. Luce, right?” 
Lucius was caught off guard by the unexpected nickname. He paused for a moment, then nodded. “It’s alright.” 
“Then I’ll be straightforward, Mr. Luce. My mother mentioned that you might be able to help me.” Wynter got straight to the point. She believed that it was better to be direct with someone like Lucius. 
Chapter 1315 Let’s Discuss 
Besides, if he had really harbored feelings for Marie for decades and was a man of good character, Wynter wouldn’t mind lending a hand. She had a nagging feeling that there was more to their story. 
Upon hearing this, Lucius chuckled. His deep green eyes gave nothing away. “She really tells you everything. It seems the rumors are true. She must care for you a lot.” 
Wynter didn’t respond directly. Instead, she asked, “Mr. Luce, you must know that my mother has divorced my scoundrel father, right?” 
Lucius felt a lingering discomfort in his chest at the mention of that. However, his expression remained cool and composed. “Yes, I’m aware.” 
Wynter thought about what she had learned the previous day before raising an eyebrow. “Were you only aware of that when you were negotiating with my mother last night?” 
Lucius was rendered speechless for a moment. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter1316
Chapter 1316 He Loves My Mom 
It was at this moment that Lucius realized that Wynter was already aware of things, especially his feelings. Hence, he didn’t bother hiding it anymore and turned his gaze back at Wynter. 
“I’ve done something that displeased your mother. She probably sees me as a rogue who disrupted another family and tore them apart now.” 
“Forgive me for speaking bluntly, but even if my mother hadn’t divorced, you probably wouldn’t have given up on her, right?” Wynter added, “You’re way better than that father of mine.” 
It was this comment that restored Lucius‘ confidence. Really?” 
“Absolutely. If we judge solely by appearance, you’re definitely more handsome than him. I’m sure you have more money, too.” She counted on her fingers thoughtfully before continuing, “But most importantly, you care about my mother.” 
Lucius didn’t deny it and instead lowered his voice. “So, by having this discussion, are you suggesting that you can assist me in pursuing your mother?” 
Wynter didn’t reply to that. 
Lucius continued, “I don’t see her as someone to be bartered over.” 
Wynter smiled, her tear mole shining brighter than ever. “I’m glad we’re on the same page, Mr. Luce. I don’t think my mother should be part of any kind of exchange, either.” 
It seemed clear to Wynter now that Lucius truly loved Marie deeply. She’d heard that he had never married to this day. Wynter couldn’t help but wonder if he’d been waiting for Marie all along. 
Lucius looked puzzled. “Then what is this discussion for?” 
“We’re both businesspeople. I’m here to discuss a deal with you–one that benefits us both.” Wynter tapped on her phone as a smile tugged at the corner of her lips. 
Lucius raised an eyebrow. “A deal?” 
Wynter leaned in and lowered her voice. Her words were inaudible to everyone except Lucius. In just a few seconds, the bodyguards could see that her words sparked clear interest on Lucius‘ face. 
In the world of business, someone like Lucius, who took matters seriously, was the epitome of it. 
His eyes grew darker with interest. “That sounds very promising and quite bold. When Marie told me that you wanted to deal with the Wray family, I didn’t quite believe it. After all, few have the audacity you do.” 
“It’s just the Wrays,” Wynter said with a slight smile. “Now it’s up to you. Mr. Luce, are you in or not?” 
Lucius lowered his gaze and pondered briefly. 
Wynter reminded him at the right time, “My grandfather is watching. I’m sure you heard earlier how the Wray family spoke about my mother. They’ve also been taking advantage of my grandfather’s age to seize resources and connections from the Whitman family.” 
The implication was clear. It was time for Lucius to prove himself and not miss this opportunity. 
Upon hearing this, Lucius looked up and glanced at Wynter. “You’re sly. This is quite different from her.” 
“My mother has a pure heart. So, Mr. Luce, you’ll have to deal with the consequences of your actions.” Wynter smiled. “Here’s a hint. I actually think you should focus your efforts on my grandfather.” 
Lucius sighed deeply internally. Did he really need that hint? Reuben had always been wary of foreign 
Chapter 1316 He Loves My Mom 
investments in the Chamber of Commerce and was even less likely to have a favorable view of him. 
So, Wynter was right. He needed to make a good impression. 
“I’ll do as you suggest,” Lucius said, seeming to think of something else before adding, “Can you guarantee that my intentions won’t be misunderstood by your mother and the Whitman family?” 
Wynter nodded. “Don’t worry, Mr. Luce. There won’t be any misunderstandings with me around.” 
“I’ll be the bad guy, then,” Lucius said thoughtfully. His voice was low as he continued, “About what happened last night… Please help me explain to your mother.” 
Wynter was puzzled. She had no idea what had transpired the previous night. Despite this, she nodded. After all, she had already extracted all the necessary information from their conversation. 
Chapter 1317 The Beginning of a Sweet 
###chapter1317
Chapter 1317 The Beginning of a Sweet Revenge 
Lucius was undoubtedly devoted to Marie. It was hard to understand how he had led such a reckless life In his youth. 
Marie’s past misunderstandings were understandable. After all, with his playboy image, it was difficult to believe he could be so deeply committed and faithful. 
Wynter recalled some of the tactics Shane had employed in the past, especially the ones that were vividly clear in her dreams. 
She hadn’t paid much attention to them before. However, as Wynter reflected on them now, she couldn’t shake the feeling that there was a scheme behind why Marie ended up with Shane. 
However, if Marie hadn’t married into the Quinnell family, Wynter wouldn’t have existed. If all of this was truly a regret from Marie’s youth, Wynter hoped to use this opportunity to uncover the full truth. 
Though it seemed like the conversation had lasted for a while, it had actually only been three minutes. 
At that moment, the bodyguards in black stepped aside, and Lucius remarked, “Business competitions here aren’t child’s play. The Darnell family isn’t interested in deals that result in a loss.” 
With that, Lucius returned to the crowd. 
Reuben, who was watching from afar, furrowed his brows in concern. 
Kenton finally broke into his first smile of the evening, more pleased than ever. This was more like it. There was no way Lucius would side with the Quinnell and Whitman families, who were so opposed to foreign investments. 
Even if Lucius were willing, the Darnell family wouldn’t be. Their business principles were entirely different Kenton realized he had been unnecessarily worried earlier. The previous chaos must have clouded his judgment. Everything seemed back to normal now. 
Kenton stepped forward with a laugh as he attempted to console Wynter, “Don’t be too upset, Wynter. Mr. Lucius has always had high standards for his partners, so it’s not just you. Even your uncles haven’t been able to secure a deal with them.” 
It was clearly an attempt to belittle the Whitmans. 
Wynter’s eyes bore into him, a deep, unsettling glint of mischief in her gaze. For reasons he couldn’t quite grasp, a chill ran down Kenton’s spine as she looked at him. 
Without another word, Wynter brushed past him and headed toward Reuben. Her lowered gaze concealed the smirk tugging at her lips. 
The Wrays were arrogant, weren’t they? Wynter was determined to make sure they were wiped out without a single trace of their former pride. 
Reuben was about to rise and welcome Wynter back to her seat. 
However, before he could get up, someone stopped Wynter, their tone incredibly friendly and sincere.” Ms. Quinnell, let’s collaborate.” 
Upon hearing this, Wynter’s gaze shifted toward them. “You want to collaborate with me?” 
“Yes. Some of us were once supported by the Whitman family, and some have benefited from the late Mr. Quinnell Senior’s influence. If you don’t mind, we’d like to collaborate.” 
Another person said, “It’s just that our vision might be a bit narrow since we focus on manufacturing 
Chapter 1317 The Beginning of a Sweet Revenge 
industries right now. We are interested in your opinion, Ms. Quinnell.” 
2/2 
Wynter observed the group with a gaze that was both thoughtful and inscrutable. “Let’s work together, then. The market does indeed need manufacturing industries. Besides that, I’ll select another project, and we can join forces on that as well.” 
“Great! As long as you’re not worried about us holding you back.” 
“Dealing with the Wray family definitely requires more people.” 
Wynter listened to their offers and collected their contact details. Their standing in a row meant they 
were a team. 
As previously mentioned, the competition was based on total assets. If a partner lost money, it would impact the total profit. Hence, choosing the right collaborators was crucial. 
Taylor couldn’t understand why Wynter would choose her partners so casually. It was in stark contrast to Yvette on the other side, who clearly followed a well–defined strategy. 
###chapter1318
Chapter 1318 The Bidding Begins 
Chapter 1318 The Bidding Begins 
“Ladies and gentlemen, please return to your seats as we begin the auction.” 
Reggie Galloway, an actor dressed in an opera costume, raised her hand and announced, “We’ve placed silver coins on each auction table. The items on stage will be auctioned using these coins. As per the rules, the highest bid wins.” 
The crowd started looking down before realizing that those were real silver coins. 
“One piece of this must be worth quite a lot, right?” 
“What about it? Would you dare to steal something 
from Serenity Hotel?” 
The fact that the coins were from 1914 showed just how many more 
here. 
Valuable treasures there must be 
As Wynter examined the silver coin, her curiosity about Serenity Hotel’s current owner grew. Once this event was over, she planned to investigate who was behind such a unique establishment and when it was established. 
As Wynter pondered these thoughts, the man hidden on the other side of the wall inexplicably felt a chill run down his back. 
“Lot 1 is now up for bidding, with an opening price of one silver dollar. Any interested parties may raise their paddles to place a bid,” Reggie announced. 
Lot 1 was a phone holder. Wynter didn’t need to think twice to understand its significance. It represented live commerce. It had become a popular trend where these platforms were used to enhance industry visibility. 
Wynter glanced down at the pile of silver coins on her table and realized she couldn’t compete with Yvette in terms of quantity. The competition for such a sought–after item was bound to be intense. However, she was more than willing to use up Yvette’s silver coins. 
Without consulting anyone around her, Wynter raised her bidding paddle. This spontaneous move caused a few newcomers to furrow their brows, while others wore peculiar, amused expressions. 
Seeing this, Kenton’s confidence grew. He flashed a knowing smile, signaling Yvette to raise the bid. Before coming here, he had emphasized that they should focus on securing the network–related project and not worry about other items. 
The project and resources behind Lot 1 were crucial to them, and they were determined not to let it slip away, especially not to the Quinnell family. 
Kenton was confident that the reason Wynter was quickly accepted by the Quinnells was due to her strong online presence and her ability to generate positive sentiment for the Quinnell family. 
Old, established businesses in Kingbourne were too set in their ways and lacked adaptability. But Hawford was different. 
Take Club Solstice, for example. No one could compete with Kenton’s expertise in online marketing. The tactics Wynter used were just leftovers from his own playbook. If she wanted to challenge him, he would be more than happy to teach her a lesson on how things were supposed to be done. 
“Alright, Ms. Yates has bid ten coins. Does anyone have a higher bid than ten coins?” Reggie asked. 
Wynter continued to raise her bidding paddle. Despite having a maximum of only 18 silver coins on her 
Chapter 1318 The Bidding Begins 
table, her pace remained unrelenting. “12 silver coins.” 
Someone whispered, “Isn’t she bidding too aggressively?” 
“It seems like she might not have fully understood the rules. Once her coins are used up, she won’t be able to bid on the more suitable items that come next.” 
“Should we ask Mr. Whitman to advise her?” 
“It seems like Mr. Whitman is allowing it.” 
Taylor remained silent as he observed. As he watched, he suddenly realized what Wynter was up to. He thought to himself that Wynter had indeed not changed at all. She had always been mischievous yet endearing. 
No matter how badly she behaved, he still had to play along with her. He raised his right hand slightly, signaling a gesture that seemed to be a serious attempt to dissuade Wynter. 
The Wray family, watching from across the room, felt a deep sense of satisfaction. “That young lady from the Quinnells is getting desperate. She probably hasn’t realized that the biggest taboo in business is showing what you really want.” 
[ s&K 
###chapter1319
Chapter 1319 A Trap Set by Wynter
"Tell Ms. Yates to raise our bid. How dare that ignorant girl challenge the Wrays in a price war? She needs to be taught a lesson!" members of the Wray family urged.
According to the long-standing rules, every bidder would start with just two silver coins. With more allies, they could amass a greater number of silver coins.
Aside from the Whitman and Quinnell families, Wynter merely had the support of six families. In stark contrast, Yvette had the backing of at least 16 families. It was clear that Wynter lagged significantly behind Yvette in coin count.
For the first time in her life, Yvette felt a deep sense of satisfaction. Casting a gloating glance at Wynter, she raised her bid paddle and stated, "I'll be adding 16 silver coins."
Yvette firmly believed that Wynter would be despondent by her high bid. With five more items left to bid on, Wynter would be left with only two silver coins if she continued. Meanwhile, Yvette would remain with 18 silver coins. Wynter didn't stand a chance against her!
Should Wynter choose not to bid further, she would have to discard two silver coins for every unsold item. Ultimately, Yvette's coin count would remain higher than hers.
It was apparent that Yvette was off to a great start, and she couldn't wait to witness Wynter's downfall.
"16 silver coins going once, going twice... Ms. Quinnell, would you like to make a higher bid?" Reggie questioned.
Though Wynter wanted to raise her bid, she couldn't afford to. After all, the rules stated that each bidder was required to possess at least two silver coins for the minimum bid.
Sitting from a distance, Kenton was visibly pleased with her discomposure.
"First item sold with 16 coins!" Reggie announced as the final bid was sealed with a resounding thump.
As the waitresses went around collecting the payments, the number of silver coins on each auction table diminished. They gathered payment for just one family from Wynter's side while collecting from six families on Yvette's side.
True to Yvette's estimation, she retained 18 silver coins whereas Wynter was left with 16 silver coins.
At that moment, Reggie announced the bidding for the second item-a bucket of pasta, starting at two silver coins.
"This represents a project from the manufacturing industry. It'll be a while before we see any financial returns," someone hurriedly explained, fearing that Wynter might bid on it.
Yvette and her associates didn't seem interested in the auction item as well and simply observed Wynter's reaction.
When Wynter raised her bid paddle, Yvette instinctively readied to counter with a double bid. However, she quickly held back upon meeting Kenton's glance.
"Let her waste her coins on something unprofitable. We can just sit back and watch the show." Kenton smirked.
Those stubborn conservatives could cling to the outdated trends all they wanted. Kenton doubted that they could make any significant earnings, let alone achieve a profitable rate.
"Is that the only bid? Two silver coins, going once, going twice... Sold!" Reggie declared. Though Wynter successfully secured the second auction item, her associates were left disheartened.
Manufacturing industries had been struggling with poor efficiency and could hardly compete with the dynamics of live commerce. At that moment, they couldn't help but question whether Wynter was truly proficient in business.
"Let's move on to the third item then, starting at four silver coins," the auctioneer announced as they revealed a piece of mask that clearly represented the medical industry.
Eager to bid for the auction item, Yvette glanced at Kenton for approval. Upon seeing him nod, she hurriedly raised her bid paddle.
Meanwhile, some of Wynter's associates suggested bidding on the project, but others were concerned about their dwindling coin count.
Surprisingly, Wynter seemed to heed their advice that time. "Do you really think that it's worth the price?"
When the person beside her firmly endorsed the bid, Wynter held up her bid paddle and raised the bid by two silver coins.
Yvette instantly raised her bid by another two silver coins, shooting a provocative glance at Wynter. But to her surprise, Wynter simply withdrew from the bidding.
###chapter1320
Chapter 1320 Tricked
The hall fell silent in an instant. Kenton suddenly seemed to realize something and swiftly turned to the silver coins in Yvette's hands. Unfortunately, she was still unaware of the issue.
Little did Kenton know, Yvette had never engaged in business and simply relied on her limited knowledge from her previous life to make a show of things.
"Well then, I'll be taking the third item with eight silver coins," Yvette said gleefully as she snatched the mask from the waitress.
"Good for you, then," Wynter remarked casually, setting her blazer aside.
Only then did the seasoned bidders realize they had been misled. Wynter might not be interested in the third auction item but was only trying to deplete their silver coins!
"Damn it! They have 12 coins, but we're left with only eight. She did that on purpose!" the Wray family members exclaimed, contrasting sharply with the puzzled Yvette.
Instead of explaining to Yvette, Kenton wondered if Wynter had truly intended to deplete their silver coins or was merely bluffing.
Kenton doubted that a privileged brat like Wynter could devise such a brilliant tactic. His investigations into her humble background only deepened his skepticism about her understanding of the intricate auction rules.
As Kenton glanced at Reuben in frustration, one of his associates reminded him, "Could Mr. Whitman Senior have given her some insights?"
That speculation sparked an uneasiness among the group. "In that case, she's bound to win the fourth item! What should we do?" they exclaimed in worry.
Despite their initial advantage, they found their resources gradually depleted by Wynter. Kenton believed that only Reuben could come up with such an underhanded tactic.
He gazed at Reuben, who calmly sipped his tea with a composed smile. Such a sight only heightened his apprehension.
Unbeknownst to Kenton, Reuben was simply impressed by Wynter's tactic. In truth, she had been setting her traps since the bidding for the first item. Though she seemed deeply interested in it, her true intentions were quite different.
All businessmen feared their thoughts being exposed. Yet, Wynter managed to figure out their minds and successfully secured the second item at its starting price. Reuben couldn't help but believe that she had intentionally appeared as a cynical young woman to confuse them.
While Reuben had seen through Wynter's plans, the other aristocratic families remained convinced that she was just a privileged brat who flaunted her wealth. They failed to realize she had more in mind than merely provoking Kenton.
Unfortunately, it seemed that the businessmen had overlooked an important lesson never judge a book by its cover.
A truly impressive magic trick wasn't limited to the moment of revelation but was maintained through the magician's careful planning and subtle psychological hints.
As for Wynter, she directly projected her image as a rash and ignorant young woman.
With such subtle psychological cues, Kenton could never discern Wynter's true intention. After all, he and
his associates completely belittled her and didn't bother to be cautious of her.
When the fourth item was presented, Kenton realized too late that he had been tricked.
###chapter1321
Chapter 1321 The Wrays Have Lost
Kenton had never looked so chagrined. Worst of all, he had walked straight into the trap right in front of Lucius.
He was convinced that Lucius must have picked up on some hints, or else he wouldn't have shot a meaningful glance at the silver coins while sipping his tea.
Kenton clenched his fists tightly. Whether due to Wynter's tactic or Reuben's scheme, he had clearly made a fool of himself. It was the first time he had made such a blunder in front of his investors.
As Kenton attempted to regain his composure, he suddenly heard a shout. "It's a phone! The fourth item is a phone!"
Immediately, Kenton whipped his head toward the proscenium stage. Since the auction items were stored in a box, no one knew the contents until they were taken out. Upon seeing the fourth auction item presented, Kenton felt the color drain from his face.
While the Chamber of Commerce's rules were set annually, some minor adjustments would be made. That said, Kenton decided to entrust everything to Serenity Hotel. Confident of his victory, he didn't bother to research the auction details.
In the past two years, Kenton had heard persistent rumors questioning his usurpation and worthiness for the position. Even if he did become the Chamber of Commerce's chairman, it would be hard to quell the rumors.
Plus, his backers had instructed him to deal with such issues promptly so that they could proceed with larger plans. After all, it would be difficult to advocate for future initiatives with a chairman who lacked respect and support.
Sharing the same concern, Kenton entrusted the entire election process to Serenity Hotel and hoped to enhance his reputation. Should any doubts arise, he could confidently attest to the election's fairness and impartiality.
However, Kenton hadn't expected the auction's arrangement. If he had known that the fourth item was a phone, he wouldn't have let Yvette bid so high for the phone holder. Though he was seething inside, he managed to keep a calm expression.
Samiyah, who had been observing Kenton through the surveillance camera, reported diligently, "Mr. Wray looks angry, Boss. It seems like he's dissatisfied with how we've organized the auction."
Gail glanced up from his game and asked, "What were his requirements?"
"To demonstrate there are no internal referrals within the Chamber of Commerce and emphasize the Wray family hasn't sold any quota. Everything remains fair and transparent," Samiyah answered.
Setting aside his game console, Gail stated with a smirk, "Then we've met his requirements, haven't we? The Wray family may have earned their fame, but we're always ready to offer some 'after-sale service' if they dare to challenge the hotel.
"I'm sure everyone knows the rules-the loser goes behind bars, while the winner compensates the hotel. Let them decide."
"Understood. I'll discuss with Mr. Wray further," Samiyah replied.
However, Kenton had been preoccupied with strategizing his next move to confront Serenity Hotel. He anxiously wondered about the fifth auction item, especially since the fourth one was a phone.
Following the pattern, it seemed likely that the fifth auction item would be more valuable and worth
bidding on.
Even if Kenton wished to compete with the Quinnell family, he was markedly short on silver coins. Kenton was completely at a loss, unsure of what would come next.
But for Wynter, it was just the beginning. With a confident smirk, she raised a bid paddle and offered four silver coins. Yvette didn't follow her actions immediately but shot an anxious glance at Kenton. When Reggie started the countdown, Yvette raised her bid paddle and countered with six silver coins.
###chapter1322
Chapter 1322 She Thought She Had Won
Chapter 132 S?ah th? Find?ovel.?et website on Ggl? to access chapters of novels early and in the highest quality. 
Chapter 1322 She Thought She Had Won
It was only then that Kenton noticed a small line under each auction item. He finally understood the gravity of the situation, but it was too late. Yvette had already shouted her price before he could stop her.
At that moment, Kenton’s anger was quenched by a chilling wave of dread. He could only hope Wynter had overlooked the detail and that his fears were unfounded.
All of a sudden, Wynter calmly raised the bid by one silver coin.
“What does she mean by that? Can bids be raised by an odd number? Didn’t the rules state that all increases must be in even numbers?”
While some appeared puzzled by Wynter’s decision, others looked stricken. As Reggie calmly started the countdown, the crowd fell into panic.
“What should we do? Should we raise the bid?” one questioned anxiously.
“Is it possible? We only have eight silver coins left. We should hold off for the next item,” another suggested.
“But that’s a phone! What’s the use of the phone holder without a phone?” someone countered.
“Oh, come on. The next item might be worth even more,” came the counterargument.
Amidst the clamor, Reggie caught everyone’s attention with a decisive thump of his hammer. “Please remain silent. For those who wish to raise a bid, please hold up your paddle.”
Yvette didn’t dare to raise her bid. Even if she used up all her silver coins, it wouldn’t be enough since Wynter possessed 12 silver coins.
With that said, Yvette remained confident of her victory. As long as Wynter bid more than six silver coins,
she would still lead in the coin count.
Yvette believed they had little to lose. Though Wynter had claimed the phone, she was certain that she could win the fifth auction item. Under everyone’s watchful eyes, Yvette calmly shook her head.
Meanwhile, Kenton was on the verge of breaking down. Noting his agitation, Lucius let out a soft snicker.
“It seems like you’re quite unsettled, Mr. Wray,” Lucius remarked.
As Kenton forcibly regained his composure, he hurriedly replied, “Not at all. It’s just that this is Ms. Yates‘ first auction. I’m worried she might not be familiar with the rules and end up with a blunder.”
“Oh? Are you talking about the genius trader who’s said to predict the future?” Lucius casually questioned.
With his opportunity in sight, Kenton quickly explained, “Indeed. You might want to hear about her recent achievements, Mr. Darnell. Every stock she has invested in is generating profits. Cascadia is a land bustling with people, so we’re never lacking in speculators.
“If you join us now, we can capitalize on the market bottom and reap substantial returns! If you doubt my word, you can verify
your team.”
“I trust your judgment, M 
message.
Wray,” Lucius stated as he glanced at his phone, seemingly waiting for a
Kenton was delighted and attempted to discuss the investment, but Lucius cut him off.
“With a genius like that around, we should heed her advice instead,” Lucius remarked amusingly.
Unfortunately, Kenton missed the subtlety in Lucius‘ words. As he turned to Yvette, he couldn’t help
Chapter 1322 She Thought She Had Won
feeling dispirited.
At that moment, Wynter had received the phone from the waitress.
212
One businessman remained dismissive of Wynter and let out a scornful snicker. “How lucky you are, Ms. Quinnell. You managed to win a prize.”
Wynter merely responded with a faint smile as she fiddled with her bid paddle. Yet, Kenton seemed to realize something and abruptly stood up.
“Excuse me, Mr. Darnell. I need to speak with Ms. Yates,” he said anxiously.
Lucius made a gesture of approval. In truth, he had already learned about the special rule for the fourth auction item and was eager to watch the crowds‘ reactions.
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
X
###chapter1323
Chapter 1323 Upset 
Yvette hadn’t realized the gravity of the situation until the waitstaff approached her for the payment.
“What? Did you say you’re taking four silver coins? I thought the fee was set at two silver coins per session!” Yvette suddenly burst into a shrill scream.
She would be down to four silver coins following the payment, yet Wynter still held five silver coins after securing the phone. Yvette couldn’t bear the thought that Wynter had won out over her in coin count.
Yvette’s frustration was shared by many aristocratic families behind her, who rose from their seats in
outrage.
That was the exact scenario Kenton dreaded the most. After all, those who dared to challenge Serenity Hotel were merely asking for trouble.
Before Kenton could intervene, he heard Yvette bellow, “Are you kidding me? Why are the rules constantly changing? Why haven’t you informed anyone?”
“Please keep your temper in check, Ms. Yates. Such arrangements were made following Mr. Wray’s instructions. He requested that the admission of the Chamber of Commerce be conducted fairly and impartially.
“Plús, there’s more to our auction than simply winning an item. As merchants, you should be mindful of the market’s pitfalls,” the waitstaff refuted calmly.
As Yvette wasn’t proficient in business, she didn’t grasp the waitstaff’s underlying message. Yet, the businessmen behind her understood the meaning immediately.
The rules were clearly outlined below the auction item, though they were phrased with the streetwise sensibility of regular citizens.
It was akin to how a seafood restaurant might advertise low prices, but customers needed to clarify whether the price was per piece or portion. If the food was priced by weight, the cost would be unexpectedly high.
A misperception would lead to significant losses. Although the price was clearly marked, the unit was deliberately left unclear. If a merchant had failed to grasp such details, they weren’t fit for business. S?a?ch Th? Find_N?vel.?et website on Ggl? to access chapters of novels early and in the highest quality. 
The businessmen hadn’t expected to be caught out by such a tricky rule and complained angrily, “No one will notice what’s written below when they’re drawn to the flashy item. Besides, the special rule was written in such small print. Is the hotel screwing with us?” 
The waitstaff instantly directed their attention to the clamoring group. Eventually, Kenton’s greatest fear came to pass. To make matters worse, the situation seemed harder to resolve compared to Lynette’s troubles.
At that exact moment, a masculine voice from the second floor echoed through the hall. “Is this what the Wray family can do? Complaining to the organizer after falling into a market’s trap?
“In that case, there’s no need for a fair selection. It’ll be much easier for Mr. Wray to choose whoever he prefers for the admission of the Chamber of Commerce.” 
Though the mysterious voice was laced with a casual tone, its words were tinged with mockery.
Kenton was deeply perturbed. Just who was behind Serenity Hotel? Why were they suddenly speaking with such mockery? Was the hotel’s owner such a character? 
Kenton’s questions remained unanswered. However, he knew he had suffered complete humiliation
Chapter 1323 Upset
during the auction. Unfortunately, it was only the beginning of his troubles.
Without warning, the mysterious owner delivered a stern directive. “Those accusing the hotel of fraud will be shown to the door. And Mr. Wray, if you can’t handle the loss, you’re free to leave as well.”
However, no one would admit defeat under such circumstances.
Upon hearing the remark, Kenton hurriedly explained, That wasn’t our intention, sir. We’ll fully adhere to the auction rules. We admit we were careless and overlooked such important details. As merchants, we accept the consequences of our oversight.”
“And what about Serenity Hotel’s reputation?” asked the mysterious owner. The shift in his tone suggested he had settled into a more relaxed position.
“I’ll provide compensation!” Kenton swiftly replied.
###chapter1324
Chapter 1324 Wynter Has Won
Settling in his seat, the mysterious owner crossed his legs and flicked away the bit of dust. He glanced at Gail and then at Samiyah, who looked utterly shocked.
“What are you standing there for? Go collect the payments,” he ordered in an aloof tone.
Samiyah hurried off. That said, she hadn’t recovered from the shock of realizing there really was a true boss behind Serenity Hotel.
On the other hand, Wynter couldn’t help feeling an odd sense of familiarity with the mysterious owner’s unexpected approach. Not only did he make things difficult for Kenton, but he also demanded financial compensation from the Wray family.
Intrigued by such an approach, Wynter made a heart–sign toward the surveillance camera. She didn’t hesitate to show her interest in meeting the mysterious owner for further collaboration.
Little did Wynter know that her gesture only upset the mysterious owner. He doubted Wynter had recognized him, so why did she make a heart sign?
“Have you met her before?” the mysterious owner questioned, casting a menacing glance at Gail.
Gail hurriedly shook his head and explained, “No way! She scares me to death. If I ever run into her, she’ll definitely have me sacrificed!”
“She finds looks akin to yours particularly appealing,” came the mysterious owner’s soft refute.
Poor Gail was overwhelmed in terror. He knew that his superior would eventually return after Wynter’s appearance. However, he hadn’t expected the threat upon his superior’s arrival.
Unbeknownst to the guests in the auction hall, Gail was no longer monitoring them. Dalton, who had sneakily infiltrated the second floor, had taken over his place instead.
As soon as Dalton appeared, the collections stored within Serenity Hotel seemed to have responded to his presence. Even Gail, who had long guarded the hotel, had been expecting his arrival.
In every reincarnation, Dalton took on a new appearance until his soul was wholly restored. He nearly gathered all his soul fragments in his last life, yet some problems occurred. However, it seemed he was now close to achieving his goal.
Not all the waitstaff were aware of the incident on the second floor, let alone the guests. With Dalton’s directive in place, the auction continued as planned after the payments were collected. S~?ah the Find el.n?t website on Ggl? to access chapters of novels early and in the highest quality. 
However, Kenton was no longer in the mood to bid. Though he had always trusted Yvette’s capabilities, doubts started creeping into his mind.
To Kenton, Yvette had consistently made accurate predictions. And yet, she failed to foresee the auction rules. In contrast, Wynter, whom they deemed incompetent, had emerged victorious.
The Whitman family was set to secure the fifth auction item. Even if Kenton and his associates attempted to compete, they were far short of silver coins compared to Wynter.
By that point, the fifth auction item’s revelation was almost irrelevant. Wynter had outwitted Yvette and secured three auction items with a smaller initial budget. Despite having a larger budget, Yvette had only managed to win two auction items.
More notably, Wynter had clinched the phone, the most sought–after item in the auction.
The businessmen following Wynter were utterly stupefied. They had expected to lose after witnessing her recklessness.
Chapter 1324 Wynter Has Won
When she bid on a project that appeared unprofitable, they could hardly justify her actions despite their respect for Reuben. And yet, her audacious tactics led them to emerge victorious.
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1325
Chapter 1325 A Fake Genius
Those who sided with Wynter exchanged knowing glances. While some remained puzzled, others could hardly contain their excitement.
Reuben burst into hearty laughter as he beamed at Wynter with pride. "As expected of my granddaughter, you're truly a reminiscence of my younger years. It's a shame my sights were set in the past.
"With your sharp instincts and skills, you don't need to consult Taylor regarding business. He's still lacking and won't be able to teach you much."
Taylor had a conflicted expression, feeling that Reuben was being unfair. Before Wynter's arrival, Reuben had praised him for his business acumen. Yet, he was now dismissed as inadequate compared to Wynter.
That said, Taylor was genuinely impressed by Wynter's tactics. Leaving aside the auction's specifics, she had brilliantly fooled Kenton and his associates with a simple calculation. Taylor could hardly suppress his smile, feeling immensely proud of his niece.
Being polite as ever, Wynter responded to Reuben's comment with sincerity. "Even so, I still need to learn from Uncle Taylor. I'd feel more assured if he guided me on certain business matters."
Taylor understood that Wynter was honoring him with respect in front of others. In truth, he could already tell Wynter possessed both the talent and experience needed for business. He couldn't help but wonder if her achievements in Kingbourne were more than just rumors. While some were still bewildered, those who sided with Yvette were on the brink of a breakdown. Instead of admiration, they now gazed at her with doubts and skepticism.
Having faced similar stares in Kingbourne, Yvette felt a deep sense of unease and discomfort. She was determined not to return to her miserable life and thought of an excuse to save her own skin.
"It was all too sudden. I couldn't make my prediction in time," Yvette explained with a pale face. Though she wasn't certain if anyone would believe her, she had to take her chances. After all, she did bring them financial returns from stock investments.
Despite his infuriation, Kenton had no choice but to cover for Yvette. He still needed her for his grand Ponzi scheme, after all.
Kenton hurriedly echoed, "It's true that Ms. Yates didn't receive a reading in her divination."
"What should we do now, Mr. Wray? We can't join the Chamber of Commerce now!" some businessmen complained. They had offered sincere gifts to Kenton in exchange for his guarantee of their admission.
Kenton's brooding expression deepened into a scowl in response to their outcry. "Quit yapping. We've only lost the auction, and the profit ratio has yet to be determined. There's no need to be so anxious."
"But how are we going to compete against them with just a phone holder? I don't understand. If Ms. Yates is truly as competent as you claim, why didn't she catch on to M: Quinnell's provocations in the first round?
"Instead, she ended up spending half of our funds on the first item! Is she truly proficient i business?" someone expressed their skepticism.
Hearing that, Yvette was seething inside. If Wynter hadn't tricked her, she wouldn't be facing such criticism.
Kenton took a deep breath and explained, "Business is not Ms. Yates' strong suit. Besides that girl isn't as smart as you think. Mr. Whitman Senior probably gave her some pointers "Exactly. I doubt she'll get far with her schemes," someone echoed.
###chapter1326
Chapter 1326 Making a Comeback 
Spencer Wadford was among the first to defect to the Wray family. At that moment, he had no choice but to follow up Kenton’s statement.
Spencer was also the first person Wynter sought to collaborate with, yet he turned her down. If he now admitted that Wynter had outwitted them, he would be seen as a fool.
Besides, Yvette had a card up her sleeve. Her ability to foresee stock trends was inimitable in real business.
In truth, Spencer backed Kenton merely to get a share of the stock market profits. However, others didn’t share Spencer’s views, especially those who had recognized Wynter’s prowess. S~?ah the Find?ovel.?et website on Ggl? to access chapters of novels early and in the highest quality. 
Not all business people were easy to fool. One businessman shared his thoughts on Wynter, “I believe we must be cautious, Mr. Wray. Judging from Mr. Whitman Senior’s reaction, it’s unlikely he schemed this.
“That girl is really something. Whether she wins the bid or not, she just needs to place four silver coins during the auction. She must’ve noticed the special rule and has been setting a trap for Ms. Yates from the start.”
Someone caught on to his words and asked, “Are you saying that she’ll play by the rules to ensure she gets both the fourth and fifth items, no matter what? But that’s impossible!”
“It’s possible if she understands our thinking. Remember, she won the second item with only the starting bid,” the businessman refuted.
The group fell silent. Though the auction rules were basic arithmetics in theory, they knew the real challenge in business lay in mastering such simple calculations. Yet, Wynter skilfully calculated the numbers without anyone realizing.
She had deliberately placed a bid that misled others into thinking she yearned for the first auction item. They had foolishly believed they had driven her into a corner, but in fact, she had lured them right into her
trap.
The best hunter often appeared as the prey. From the very beginning, Kenton and his associates were destined to lose. Still, they were puzzled how Wynter had come to know them so well.
“You’re just scaring yourself. She’s just a vocational student with no higher education. Do you seriously think she understands such concepts?” Kenton scoffed, masking his anxiety.
He was determined to become the Chamber of Commerce’s chairman. He couldn’t risk having anyone from his side sway others‘ opinions as it would affect his future investments and voting.
Now that the Quinnell and Whitman families had declared their reconciliation, he mustn’t let Wynter ride roughshod over him any longer!
“She’s just lucky. Do you really believe she could win without the hotel’s assistance?” Kenton refuted.
His sharp inquiry struck a chord with some of his allies. Those individuals were often regarded highly, yet they couldn’t help feeling diminished at Serenity Hotel.
Despite their frustration, they knew better than to offend the mysterious owner and chose to swallow their indignation in silence.
“So, what should we do now, Mr. Wray?” someone questioned.
As he glared at Wynter’s back, Kenton reassured his allies, “What’s the rush? She’s not the only one with a scheme. Even if she secured a lucrative project, it doesn’t guarantee her victory.
Chapter 1326 Making a Comeback
“Remember, the outcome is dictated by the profit ratio, and we won’t know the result for another week.”
Suddenly, someone pointed out, “But according to the rules, the auction’s winners will be selected as members of the Chamber of Commerce. In other words… the Quinnell family is making a comeback.”
Little did they know, that was exactly what Wynter hoped for. She had never forgotten her mission in Hawford, vowing to restore Gordon’s reputation and reclaim his lost properties. And this was just the beginning.
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1327

Chapter 1327 Saving the Old Economy Industries
Kenton and his associates spared no effort in keeping the Quinnell family out of the Chamber of Commerce, even going as far as to drive a wedge between the Quinnell and Whitman families. Alas, their scheme was a bust.
The corrupted aristocratic families were now filled with dread. For years, they had been exploiting the Chamber of Commerce for illicit gains. They had no intention of relinquishing their control over an organization that so conveniently masked their crimes while delivering swift profits.
As soon as Wynter was named a member of the Chamber of Commerce, some capitalists began scheming against her.
In particular, Kenton's associates were keen to oust Wynter from her position. They couldn't afford to let her restore the Quinnells' public standing, or else they would face their downfall.
In the digital age, even the most prominent businessmen feared a blow to their reputations. If the public learned that they had usurped the Chamber of Commerce - a body renowned for its patriotism-they would face severe repercussions. They mustn't let such a thing happen!
Meeting his associates' anxious gazes, Kenton refrained from disclosing his plan but assured them he had everything handled.
The Quinnell family could revel in their trifling earnings for now. Once Wynter started generating income, she would soon discover her funds were insufficient to fill the financial void.
Deep down, Kenton felt a pang of anguish. His plan would have progressed smoothly if Yvette successfully joined the Chamber of Commerce. To his dismay, she wasn't the brightest bulb in the box.
At that point, Kenton hesitated to heed Yvette's advice on stock investments. It seemned he needed to inquire with the Winston family, who had introduced Yvette to him, regarding her true capabilities.
When Wynter made it past the first selection phase, the faltering companies managed to stay in the running. Although their membership still hinged on the final profit ratio, the businessmen were overwhelmed with thankfulness and gratitude.
While others might deem it insignificant, the businessmen were banking on that chance to save both their factories and employees from the impending crisis. Their failure also meant the values they had long upheld were rendered meaningless.
A man in his 60s approached Wynter and grabbed her hand gratefully. "Thank you so much, Ms. Quinnell. You're truly Gordon's granddaughter."
Believing they had no chance of staying in the Chamber of Commerce, Orson Blaise and his
two fellow businessmen had filed for bankruptcy. After all, the current market dynamics were far beyond their understanding.
They had no idea about younger consumers' preferences and struggled to grasp the price trends. To ensure food safety, they had refrained from tampering with their products.
They also carefully selected fruits cultivated by orchardists and minimized the additives, which in turn shortened the shelf life.
Despite setting the price around three dollars, many still complained about the cost. And yet, those same individuals were content to pay 30 dollars for a drink.
The elderly businessmen knew that the consumers weren't to blame. Instead, they were the ones lagging behind trends.
They understood that many large companies were dismissively reluctant to collaborate with them. Just as Kenton quoted, they weren't as famous as foreign brands.
They were already grateful for Wynter's acceptance, but they never expected to have a chance to stay in the running.
###chapter1328

Chapter 1328 The Truth Behind Their Decline
Holding Orson's hands, Wynter hurriedly interjected before he could extend further gratitude. "I appreciate the kind words, Mr. Blaise. You're Grandpa Fabian's old friend and used to work under Grandpa Gordon.
"I'm sure Grandpa Reuben would have ensured your business' survival even if I hadn't interfered. Uncle Taylor has already made the necessary preparations, and I'm just informing you in advance."
That said, Orson had recognized her modesty as a gesture of consideration for their feelings.
Proud of Wynter's response, Reuben stood up with his dragon cane and stated, "Landing the project was merely our starting point. What truly matters is reinvigorating our businesses. Do you have a plan, Orson?"
Orson hesitated for a moment before shaking his head. "I tried live commerce last time, but it didn't work out."
"He's right. We even hired live commerce streamers to promote, but the sales were disappointing. After crunching the numbers, we're still facing losses," one businessman echoed.
Their failure to adapt to the changing market wasn't the only reason for their overall decline. None of their family members were willing to take over the business and constantly scorned them for mingling with farmers.
Just then, Taylor posed a question. "But the cost of hiring a live commerce streamer is high. Have you tried streaming yourselves?"
"We did, but we only got about 200 viewers at most. Half of them were even our employees," Orson replied as he scratched his head. Hearing that, Reuben couldn't help but sympathize with him.
It wasn't that the older generation refused to change. As business people, they were eager to respect market demands and consumer preferences. However, they were too unfamiliar with social media and trending memes, leaving them to appear foolish in front of the camera.
Obviously, they struggled to market and sell their products. To make matters worse, the consumers seemed to have dismissed such marketing approaches. They would only accept a product that was either insanely cheap or branded by famous names.
Sometimes, Reuben found it hard to maintain proper business practices in the current market. He was rarely reproached for his candid remarks in the earlier days, nor was he condemned for defending his business with harsh criticism.
If he voiced his grievances now, he might be branded as a traditionalist. Despite his long tenure in the business community, he was silenced from speaking the truth.
In contrast, those despicable individuals kept up their business involvement while masquerading as "magnanimous benefactors". Plus, their mutual interests had fueled the Wray family's brazen and brash behavior.
Businesses were transforming, and Orson wouldn't be the last to face it. As harsh as it was, merchants must adapt to the market trends.
Wynter remained silent during the discussion. With Marie having received a warning, Wynter decided to review her information thoroughly.
Aside from Taylor's issues, she had investigated the Whitmans' affairs and changes over time, including their partnerships with the deteriorating industries.
Now that she was here, Wynter was determined to keep the local business from fading into history. In particular, she had shown genuine interest in Orson.
Wynter said with a smile, "Mr. Blaise, I know you've been supporting the farmers and hiring people with disabilities. Your efforts are truly admirable. Don't worry, we're not in a desperate situation yet.
"As someone from the younger generation, I understand our views on consumption expenditures are different from yours. However, I can assure you that we're the most zealous generation you've ever seen."
###chapter1329
Chapter 1329 Wynter Takes Action
"What does that mean?" Some people still didn't understand and wanted to ask for more details.
Wynter glanced over as she twirled the black ring on her finger. "You'll find out when the time comes. Mr. Blaise, I'll discuss the details with you once I've prepared everything."
"Are you saying that you'll help us?" Orson's eyes immediately welled up with tears.
Wynter's voice carried a hint of amusement. "It isn't just helping. Mr. Blaise, our business philosophies align perfectly. We'll achieve a win-win cooperation."
Finding a like-minded business partner on the field was truly gratifying!
Orson, though moved, understood the significant advantage he was gaining from the Quinnells. "It can't be rushed. 40 percent of my company's shares must be allocated to you."
He then turned to look behind him. "My dear brothers, do you agree?"
"We agree! Absolutely!" They responded in unison.
The land they owned had already caught the Wray family's eyes. Over the past year, the Wrays had employed various tactics to drive their orchard out of business.
They understood better than anyone what it meant for Wynter to intervene at this moment. It was essentially saving their lives! How could they not be grateful?
Seeing this, some felt a glimmer of hope. The more traditional companies finally had a reliable ally.
However, others were still skeptical. Even if Wynter did make a significant move and had calculated the moves correctly in the auction, it was against a novice like Yvette, not the Wray family.
Real business was far more complex than a mere auction. If the Wrays could be easily toppled, the Whitmans wouldn't have struggled so much.
Reviving a long-established business wasn't as simple as throwing money at it. Hence, not everyone believed that Wynter's words carried real weight.
Kenton felt that the situation was playing right into his hands.
He would never have dared to challenge the Quinnell family at their peak. Even now, if he had to face them directly, he would need to carefully consider their working capital, as he feared he might be outmatched.
But things were different now. As expected, Wynter was like any member of the Quinnell family. They liked to overly extend their support to others. Since the Quinnells loved playing the savior, he might as well let them be.
Kenton thought to himself that soon, Wynter would come to understand that some people were just like poor relatives. One was not scary, and two were not a big deal. But when these relatives kept increasing and became more demanding, they would gradually drag a person down.
"She's still too young." Kenton glanced at the text on his phone.
"Everything is going according to plan," he texted back before tucking his phone back into his pocket. Kenton couldn't help but think that the Quinnells tended to overestimate human nature. Gordon was the perfect example of this. He was a man of such wisdom, yet the Chamber of Commerce he founded ultimately fell apart into fragments.
Some people were just never satisfied. The more help extended to them, the more insatiable they became.
Take Kenton, for instance. Despite his deep disdain for the Whitmans, it remained a fact that the Wray family was able to recover only because of their support.
Yet, he had never been able to shake off the mark of dependency that left him feeling uneasy. For Kenton to truly feel free, the Whitmans would need to face complete and utter ruin.
No one knew Wynter's plans, and she hadn't informed the Whitmans of her intentions in advance.
Taylor was indeed concerned about what might be going on. He hesitated to speak as he watched Wynter before deciding to wait until they were alone to have a serious talk later.
###chapter1330
Chapter 1330 Wynter
Wynter spoke up before Taylor could. "Uncle Taylor, let's talk privately later."
Wynter wanted to discuss the matters regarding the financial accounts with Taylor. She figured it was best not to let Reuben know about this yet.
After all, she had seen Reuben's condition and knew he needed medication tonight to gradually stabilize his health.
Taylor was amused by her mature demeanor and replied with a smile, "Alright, we'll talk privately later." Reuben had no idea what these two youngsters were up to.
After the initial selection of members for the Chamber of Commerce concluded, the next step was practical implementation.
One business partner after another came to bid farewell to Reuben. Besides urging him to take care of his health, they eagerly awaited the upcoming results of the total profit.
Kenton also walked over. However, his opening remarks were laden with hidden barbs. "Mr. Reuben, I must say, I truly admire your magnanimity. You were able to forgive your daughter, who was such a lovesick fool, even after the trouble she had caused for the Whitmans.
"You even accepted your granddaughter. Aren't you afraid she might also bring misfortune to the Whitmans?"
Reuben chuckled, though his expression was inscrutable. "I've even helped the disloyal and ungrateful Wrays. Is it not normal for me to be kind to my own granddaughter?"
Kenton was enraged by the response. He clenched his teeth amid the shocked murmurs of those around. He now clearly realized that times had changed.
Kenton couldn't help but think that Reuben seemed to trust Wynter far too much. Was it merely because of his illness?
Kenton seemed to recall something and said, "Mr. Reuben, you don't need to harbor such strong hostility toward me. We, the younger generation, are only concerned about your health.
"I heard from Ms. Yates that people have died while receiving medical treatment from Mrs. Yates Senior. The patient seemed to be recovering well. They were eating, drinking, and working normally.
"But within a week, the patient's organs began to fail. Despite all efforts, they couldn't be saved. Wynter obtained her medical skills from that very same lady, so there's no guarantee that nothing will go wrong. "I've consulted Dr. Campbell, and he will be arriving in Cascadia in a few days. He is an expert in this field. Once he's here, you can then judge if my concerns are founded or not."
Kenton was clearly implying that Wynter's medical skills were unreliable.
Kenton's personality was truly repulsive. Everyone knew that the Whitmans were most concerned about Reuben's health.
Yvette also played along, feigning anger. "Mr. Wray, you promised not to bring up my grandmother's situation."
"I apologize, Ms. Yates. I was only worried that Mr. Reuben might be misled." Kenton maintained a respectful demeanor toward Yvette on the surface. This served to elevate her status.
Yvette furrowed her brows. "I'm currently helping everyone with divinations to atone for the sins
committed by my grandmother. I hope Mr. Wray will refrain from mentioning this matter again in the future, or our cooperation will come to an end."
"I certainly won't bring it up again! We still need to rely on you with the stock market," Kenton hurriedly replied.
Kenton's display was not just only a show for the Whitmans, but it was also aimed at sowing discord between the Whitmans and Quinnells at the last moment.
More importantly, he wanted the members of the Chamber of Commerce to see that Yvette's lack of advantage during the selection process was not reflective of her true value. In terms of the stock market, Yvette's presence was significant.
Unlike Wynter, who was merely deceiving people with her medical skills, Yvette truly had real expertise. The people around were clearly listening. The idea of someone's medical practice leading to death was horrifying. Some who had initially wanted to get to know Wynter now reconsidered their intentions. Only Wynter herself chuckled at this moment. "Evan, you say? Is he coming? What a coincidence. I'm actually acquainted with him..."
###chapter1331
Chapter 1331 The Vengeful Wrays
Kenton took a glance at Yvette as he heard Wynter's words.
Yvette spoke up at just the right moment, "Although the Yates family is known as a family of medical practitioners, we've always been based in Southdale and never ventured beyond. After the incident with my grandmother, no one in the Yates family has practiced medicine since.
"I recall that Ms. Quinnell attended a trade school in Southdale. Perhaps this was something that happened only after she returned to the Quinnells. Meeting a doctor like Dr. Campbell is a great honor for anyone in the medical field.
"I really envy you, Ms. Quinnell. After all, even during my time at Sacred Heart Medical University, I only had the chance to attend Dr. Campbell's lectures from afar. I've never had the privilege to approach him directly."
Yvette's words might have sounded like praise, but the underlying implication was clear. She had never met Evan even as a top student. So, how could someone like Wynter, who only attended a trade school, possibly have crossed paths with him?
After all, there had never been any mention of Evan having close ties with the Quinnell family.
The crowd picked up on the insinuation. Their gazes were filled with doubt and even a hint of disdain when they looked at Wynter again.
Kenton burst into laughter. "Mr. Reuben, look at Wynter. She is still a little too young and hot-headed. She can't keep things to herself and tends to exaggerate. She probably doesn't realize how rare Dr. Campbell's visits to Cascadia are.
"Most of the time, he's only brought here with substantial compensation. Even I haven't had the chance to meet him often, let alone someone her age.
"Wynter, you speak as though you're familiar with Dr. Campbell. When the time comes and you actually meet him, I hope you can maintain this confidence. After all, some things are hard to fake."
Upon hearing this, Wynter slowly curled her thin lips into a smile. "You are right, Mr. Wray. Some things are indeed hard to fake."
She then cast a glance at Yvette. "For instance, not knowing much about business acumen or the Arcane Way but still trying to maintain a facade. That must be quite uncomfortable."
Yvette's expression froze at Wynter's remark. A sense of inexplicable tension and unease surged within her.
She wondered if Wynter already knew she had stolen the Arcane Way books from Margaret. But she eventually convinced herself that it seemed unlikely.
If that were the case, Margaret would have surely reprimanded her long ago and demanded the books be returned. Wynter couldn't possibly know about it. Those books didn't even seem like something that belonged to Margaret.
At this point, it no longer mattered whether Wynter knew or not. After all, she would never be able to guess that Yvette was reborn.
Yvette steadied her breathing. At least it wouldn't get to the point where she embarrassed herself in front of the crowd.
The recent auction had already displeased the Wray family. She knew she couldn't afford to draw any more attention at this moment.
However, what Yvette didn't realize was that Kenton would be even more frustrated at her current reaction. To him, it was evident that she had displayed weakness in front of Wynter, giving Wynter the upper hand.
While Yvette had many admirable qualities, her bumpkin mindset was an ongoing habit that made her unsuited for the limelight.
Kenton took a deep breath. "We'll meet again in a few days. I'll bring Dr. Campbell with me. Wynter, do not be hiding then."
Hide? Wynter lowered her gaze, her smile more enchanting than ever. The ancient script inscription on her neck seemed uncharacteristically devilish. "Mr. Wray, we'll definitely meet again."
Kenton didn't say anything else to her. He was worried that the more he spoke, the more Yvette would mess up.
It didn't matter to him. After all, the Quinnells would come to regret their decision to return to Hawford when they re-enter the Chamber of Commerce.
He planned to make them leave all their money behind. No, not only that. He would ensure to demand the Quinnells to use their shares to cover his losses here!
###chapter1332
Chapter 1332 Offerings 
Taylor knew all too well the way Kenton operated. With his vindictive nature, there was no doubt that Kenton would set Wynter up in the upcoming practical exercises. 
Taylor was undoubtedly concerned. Wynter wasn’t just aiming to win the project but also intended to revitalize several declining industries as well. This was a massive undertaking. 
It wasn’t that he opposed Wynter’s efforts to support farmers. After all, the Whitmans had always believed in using their wealth to help others. 
However, agricultural support typically had low returns and was notoriously difficult to break into the market. Otherwise, Orson and the others wouldn’t be struggling so much. 
Such an endeavor required strong backing from local resources, and all of that needed to be sourced. 
“Wynter, we need to have a serious talk,” Taylor finally said. 
Not only was Taylor looking concerned, but even Reuben’s expression had grown much more serious. 
“Taylor, go arrange the car. We are heading back to the Whitman residence.” Reuben made his decision swiftly and firmly. “Orson, wait for our call.” 
Wynter realized that Reuben and Taylor might have misunderstood her intentions. 
As she was thinking about how to clear things up, she noticed Lucius looking over at her. The meaning in his gaze was unmistakable. He wanted her to maintain his good–guy image. 
Wynter rubbed the bridge of her nose and muttered under her breath, “I can’t even explain myself right now. How am I supposed to cover for you, too?” 
“What are you mumbling back there, Wynter?” Taylor turned around, not quite catching what Wynter had said. 
Wynter put on a serious expression. “My mom and Uncle Noah are probably still held up outside. Grandpa, can we bring Mom back to the Whitman residence with us?” 
Upon hearing this, Reuben paused for a moment as he leaned on his cane. He neither agreed nor disagreed. 
Wynter took his silence as a yes. “I’ll go get them right now!” 
“No need for you to fetch them.” Reuben then glanced at Taylor. “You go.” 
Taylor hadn’t seen Marie in a long time, and his emotions were a mess now. “Alright.” 
“Wynter, you’ll ride with me. I have some things to discuss with you.” Reuben had many concerns weighing on his mind. He needed to share them with Wynter to put himself at ease. 
Wynter was unusually obedient at this moment. Although she was curious about Serenity Hotel’s owner, there would be time for that later. Once the matter with the Wray family was settled, she planned to thoroughly investigate the place. 
As she thought about this, Wynter glanced at the nearby surveillance camera. That single look caused Dalton’s hand, which was holding a teacup, to pause momentarily. 
Today, he wore gold–rimmed glasses which complemented his perfectly tailored suit. It gave him an air that seemed out of place in the current era. 
Instead, he looked as if he belonged to the same period as Serenity Hotel itself. He was restrained and noble, just like the son of a military commander, returning from overseas. 
Chapter 1332 Offerings 
“Mr. Yarwood, did Ms. Quinnell just glance our way?” Gail, who was standing behind Dalton, spoke up. 
Dalton responded with a calm hum, his tone measured. “With the camera positioned so obviously, it’s no surprise she noticed.” 
“What should I say if she decides to come up here one day?” Gail asked cautiously, testing the waters. Dalton’s gaze lingered on the ancient script inscription on Wynter’s neck, his voice deep and steady. “Tell her to come directly to me.” 
“Aren’t you 
worried about exposing your identity?” Gail was still waiting for Dalton’s soul to be fully unified. Dalton set down his teacup, his eyes darkening. “It’s about time she started remembering some things.” 
Gail wondered if Dalton was going to seek revenge. But the question lingered in his mind, and he didn’t dare voice it. After all, he was never certain of Dalton’s intention. 
Dalton’s fingers, fair and slender, lightly tapped his scarlet rosary bracelet. “In Hawford, who has been making offerings to me?” 
###chapter1333
Chapter 1333 Their Hearts Ache for Her 
“Is there someone making an offering to you in Hawford?” Gail turned pale as he realized something. “Mr. Yarwood, I already cleaned up all the items related to you when you left in your previous life. 
“No one was even allowed to be near your grave. It was just that things were chaotic back then, and I’m not sure if there might be any oversights.” 
In those special times, with the war raging on, even Serenity Hotel had closed its doors. At that time, very few things were intact. But Gail did remember everything that had to do with Dalton, and he dared not to make any mistakes. 
Dalton stood up, and black mist swirled behind him. “So, are you saying that you don’t know?” 
Gail immediately shook his head and hurriedly cleared himself of any blame. 
“Then go find them.” Dalton’s gaze was neither warm nor cold, but it carried a pressure that was almost suffocating. His demeanor remained composed, as always. 
According to the crow’s words, Dalton’s emotions could never be unstable. After all, if he were to lose his composure, the weather in Hawford would become unpredictable. 
At the same time, Marie, who had thought that meeting Noah was merely a coincidence, was stunned when she heard that Taylor wanted to bring her back to the Whitman residence. 
Marie couldn’t stop her voice from cracking. “Is it really alright? Will it upset Dad? Dad’s health-” Taylor interrupted before Marie could finish her sentence, “Dad’s health is improving. Wynter cured him.” Marie’s eyes widened upon hearing this before she nodded her head. “Wynter does have the skill. If she can cure me, she must be able to help Dad, too. This is wonderful news, truly wonderful.” 
How could Marie not feel guilty? During those days when she was lost and confused, she had no idea what was happening at home. Wynter told her not to blame herself, but she couldn’t just pretend nothing had happened. 
Isabella, who had loved her the most, was gone, and she hadn’t even known. When she finally regained her senses, Shane was the one who told her. She only remembered being abroad and stealing her passport to fly back to Hawford. 
She finally got to Hawford with great difficulty. Yet, no matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t find Isabella. She was trapped in darkness. 
Then, her memories were altered. Isabella had wanted to see her, but she had somehow turned her away. How could that be possible? 
Marie had told herself not to cry. But once she saw Noah and Taylor, she could no longer hold back. Her tears flowed uncontrollably as she crouched on the curb, sobbing like a child. 
At night, she would often remember the times before she got married. Every winter, Isabella would knit sweaters and sew dresses for her by hand. She would say Marie was her most beautiful princess and encouraged her to bravely choose her own path in life. 
Yet, as she grew older, she found herself looking around an empty room. 
Shane said she was too ill to be in crowds. At that time, she often wondered what Isabella was doing. Was she still nagging Reuben to quit smoking so much, or was she sitting on the couch, reading a book and knitting? 
Chapter 1333 Their Hearts Ache for Her 
Marie had always felt like she hadn’t really grown up, despite having married and had children. Her outlook on life remained as bright as ever. 
But the moment she learned of Isabella’s death, it was as if she suddenly matured. She no longer had a mother, and her family no longer wanted her. 
If she could start over, she would never have married Shane. But in this world, there were no second chances. All she wanted now was to make amends. 
As older brothers, seeing their once–beloved sister in this state, both Noah and Taylor felt deeply pained. They had no idea what had happened over the years, but it was clear that Marie had changed drastically. She was no longer the bright and outgoing person she once was. Instead, she now appeared calm and resilient. Even her tears were silent. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1334
Chapter 1334 Putting Too Much Trust in Human Nature 
Taylor was unable to hide his emotions, and his eyes very quickly turned red. 
Seeing Marie like this, he couldn’t maintain his usual stern demeanor and directly asked, “Since you care so much about Dad’s health, why didn’t you come to see him as soon as you arrived in Hawford?” 
Marie paused as she realized that something was off.” did visit home. More than once.” 
“You have? When?” Noah couldn’t help but ask as well. 
Marie recounted her two visits to the Whitman residence in detail. 
The first visit was before she met Lynette. She went directly to the Quaint Villa as she was concerned that there might have been a miscommunication. 
At that time, she was stopped by the butler, who was clearly in a difficult position. He explained that the Whitmans were dealing with business issues. 
Plus, since Shane had previously caused trouble for the Whitmans, her visit at this time would only add to their troubles. 
The second time, driven by her growing unease, especially after noticing the changes in Lynette, she visited the Whitman residence again. The household staff took her things and promised to deliver her sentiments. 
Marie had suspected there might be something fishy going on, but she had no other choice. She couldn’t get through on the phone, and she assumed her two sisters–in–law had spoken on her behalf. 
While she expected the Whitman residence to be different from before, she never imagined that even the elderly members who worked for the Whitmans would become so untrustworthy. 
Noah and Taylor exchanged a glance. Their expressions were blazing with fury. Not only did Marie fail to anticipate this situation, but they also hadn’t realized that Quaint Villa had deteriorated to such a state. 
After establishing their own families, they had been preoccupied with both family and business affairs 
It took them a long time to regain their composure, acknowledging that they had indeed neglected their responsibilities toward Reuben. 
Ultimately, they had underestimated human nature. 
They believed that high commissions and long–term service would ensure loyalty, at least to the extent of not harming the Whitman family. Yet, it was this very sincerity that attracted a pack of individuals with malicious intents. 
Reuben asked to speak with Wynter in the car precisely because he was aware of this situation. 
“Wynter, have you thought this through? Are you sure you want to help Mr. Blaise and the others?” 
Wynter replied with firm determination, “I’ve made up my mind.” 
“I am getting old. Probably after enduring so many setbacks, I have lost confidence in people. Mr. Blaise and the others are certainly worth helping, but not all these enterprises are worth your effort. 
“Some people… The more you help them, the more they will take your help for granted. They will even criticize you behind your back when you’re no longer helping them. The worst part is, they might even take the opportunity to step on you when you’re vulnerable. 
Reuben spoke without showing any particular emotions. He just wanted to guide Wynter away from the mistakes he had made. 
Chapter 1334 Putting Too Much Trust in Human Nature 
“In this regard, I have certainly fallen short,” he added with a slight smile. “So, as you move forward, keep my experiences in mind and use them as a reference. 
“However, there are a few things you need to consider. Supporting agricultural industries is challenging, especially when it comes to deteriorating industries. Taking them on could potentially jeopardize your entire funding chain. 
“Have you thought about whether the Wray family might have a backup plan, or should I say… left some traps for you?” 
Reuben’s insight was spot–on. It revealed–his deep understanding of the potential pitfalls Wynter might 
face. 
Wynter listened intently. She appreciated the advice but remained resolute. 
“Grandpa, I will keep everything you’ve said in mind. However, my decision to support agriculture isn’t just a matter of impulse. As a member of the Quinnell family, this is my responsibility. 
“Wasn’t this the same thing Grandpa Gordon did back in the day? I can’t let all of your aspirations be lost just like that. Trust me, Grandpa.” 
###chapter1335
Chapter 1335 Cleaning the House 
Upon hearing this, Reuben’s lips curled into a contented smile. His eyes reflected a mix of emotions. There was admiration for Wynter’s courage and a deep sense of nostalgia for the years that had gone by. 
“Wynter, you’ve grown up. You have your own ideas and sense of responsibility. But courage and determination alone aren’t enough. Strategy and methods are equally important.” 
Reuben paused, his tone becoming more solemn. “Since the Wray family dares to plot so brazenly, there must be hidden schemes we’re unaware of. Your task isn’t just to help those in need but also to protect yourself and ensure their conspiracies don’t succeed.” 
Wynter–nodded lightly. She knew that if she didn’t explain something, Reuben would remain worried.” Grandpa, I understand. I’ve already started investigating the Wray family’s movements and am carefully choosing the right moments to act. I will ensure that each step is taken with caution. 
“As for the funding chain, I’ve got a preliminary plan in place. I’ll be securing financing from multiple sources and bringing in a professional team for risk assessment and management. Rest assured.” 
Reuben’s expression was full of approval. “Good. Being prepared is never a bad thing. But remember, no matter how big the challenge, you’re not fighting alone. Your uncles and I will always be your strongest support.” 
He then shifted the conversation topic. “As for Dr. Campbell, I don’t know how you came to know him. But I can’t appreciate someone who has insulted our country, and I don’t intend to let him treat me. 
“I won’t interfere with your freedom to choose your friends, especially since you’re in the medical field, and there’s much to learn from experts. However, I hope you can make wise decisions.” 
Wynter paused for a rare moment of reflection upon hearing Reuben’s words. 
She finally understood that the conversation in Serenity Hotel earlier must have led to a misunderstanding. Did they think she meant she knew Evan in that kind of way? 
“Grandpa, you’re overthinking it. I’m not friends with Dr. Campbell.” Wynter continued with a smile, “I have no interest in learning from him. We aren’t on the same path.” 
Reuben thought he had figured it out. “Oh, that’s right. He practices modern medicine, and you practice 
traditional medicine.” 
Wynter rubbed the bridge of her nose. “It’s a little complicated to explain in just a few words. You’ll understand when he shows up and we meet.” 
Reuben pointed at her, his face full of endearment. 
When they arrived at Quaint Villa, it was obvious to everyone that Reuben was in a particularly good mood today. He even brought someone along. 
Easton took a closer look at the guest and frowned slightly. He was sure that was the same person who had posed as Chester the other day. 
This wouldn’t do! He had to inform Noah immediately! 
Easton quickly dialed Noah’s number, fully intending to report what he had just seen. 
However, Noah’s response was unexpectedly indifferent. “I’ve been meaning to speak to all of you as well. 
Some of the staff in Quaint Villa were still unaware of the impending trouble. They looked at Wynter with disdain as they had seen their fair share of fraudsters. 
Chapter 1335 Cleaning the House 
Furthermore, to treat Reuben, Kenton’s approval was essential. What business did a young lady have interfering in such matters? 
However, the very next moment, Reuben’s words drained the color from their faces. 
“Wynter, what’s your favorite food? Tell Grandpa, and I’ll get them to make it for you.” 
Wynter? Grandpa? What was happening? 
A loud crash echoed through the room as Easton, who had just made the phone call, dropped a teapot. The boiling water spilled onto the floor. 
Fortunately, Wynter reacted quickly. She prevented the scalding water from spilling onto Reuben. 
She raised her gaze, her eyes forming a deadly glare as she looked at Easton. Her voice was tinged with frost. “Is this how you do things?” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1336
Chapter 1336 Wynter’s Tricks 
Easton’s reaction was swift. “I–I didn’t mean to, Mr. Reuben… I…” 
He slapped himself across the face. The sound echoed through the room, and his half–swollen face looked pitiable. It made half of the maids in Quaint Villa looked over at Easton. 
“Mr. Reuben, you know I’ve been dealing with family issues lately. I was just distracted. I’m so sorry.” Easton bowed deeply at Reuben as he continued, “It’s all my fault.” 
Seeing this, Reuben couldn’t bring himself to press the issue further. He simply had Easton wipe his sweat before saying, “It’s not a big deal. There’s no need to be so hard on yourself. Just go get another pot of tea. 
“Understood!” Easton quickly turned to leave. 
Wynter watched his leaving figure before suddenly calling out, “Wait.” 
“Yes, miss? Is there something else you need?” Easton seemed to be quite apprehensive around Wynter. 
This made Wynter smirk. After all, it wasn’t her first time at Quaint Villa. During her previous visit, she had noticed some issues, but it wasn’t the right time to address them. Today, however, was the right moment. 
Easton’s behavior seemed to be deliberately making the other maids believe that the Whitmans were heartless and inhumane. If that was his intention, Wynter would be more than happy to fulfill it. 
She approached Easton. “There are some things I need to address. Grandpa’s condition is at a critical stage and requires very careful attention. 
“I’m not sure if there is anyone suitable in the household. My requirements are simple–put Grandpa’s care as your top priority. 
“Once Grandpa recovers, I will award this person a bonus of one million, plus a house in Hawford. If they have children, I can also assist with their schooling.” 
Every condition Wynter stated stirred deep restlessness in those present. At their age, most either had children or grandchildren. The prospect of owning a property in Hawford and having their children attend top schools was an irresistible temptation. 
The whispers in the living room grew louder. It was almost impossible to quiet them down. Even Reuben, who was about to speak, decided to hold back his words. 
Easton couldn’t hold back any longer. “Ms. Wynter, I’ve been the one taking care of Mr. Reuben all these years. I know his habits very well. If you could let me 
“You’re not suitable,” Wynter said in mock kindness. “You have had family issues recently, so that could distract you. As employers, how can we not be considerate? Rest when needed, and focus on your family.” 
Easton’s face visibly paled, his grip tightening on the tea tray. “I–I have my wife taking care of things at home! It’s fine! Ms. Wynter, please trust me!” 
“Really?” Wynter said thoughtfully before shaking her head. “It’s better not to overwork yourself. I’ll ask someone else.” 
With that, Wynter turned her gaze toward the other maids. “I’m not very familiar with the household’s situation. Who do you think would be more suitable?” 
The maids exchanged glances. Previously, they had been somewhat united in their lack of dedication to taking care of Reuben. They would even occasionally be echoing Easton’s complaints about the Whitmans 
stinginess and lack of initiative. 
Chapter 1336 Wynter’s Tricks 
Now, however, they all eagerly raised their hands. Each one desperately wanted to be chosen. 
One maid, who had previously followed Easton’s every command, now shouted, “Ms. Wynter, I have experience in caregiving. 
“How can someone with family issues take good care of Mr. Reuben? This time it was just hot water that spilled. But it might be something far more serious next time!” 
###chapter1337
Chapter 1337 Resolving Misunderstandings 
“Exactly! Ms. Wynter, it’s safer to choose us!” 
Easton listened to the shouting around him. He couldn’t believe how the loyalty he had maintained for seven or eight years had dissipated just like that. 
Many of these people had been placed in Quaint Villa by him. The rest had been content to slack off and enjoy their wages given by the Whitmans. He had never exposed them before, yet now they were all conspiring against him! 
Easton sneered and completely disregarded everything else. “Ms. Wynter, I admit that it’s my fault today. “But most of these people are careless in their work and constantly complain about the Whitman family’s stinginess. How can they take proper care of Mr. Rueben if they are dissatisfied with the family?” 
“Complaining about the Whitman family being stingy?” Wynter’s voice was laced with feigned anger as she scanned the crowd. 
Most of the maids were guilty and instinctively shrank back. Only Easton maintained a smug expression, his eyes gleaming with satisfaction. 
Wynter’s gaze returned to Easton. “As the Whitman family’s butler, why didn’t you inform Grandpa after knowing about their attitude?” 
Caught off guard by the question, Easton stammered, “I… I intended to tell Mr. Reuben. But since he has been unwell, I didn’t want to burden him with these issues.” 
“You couldn’t tell my Grandpa, but what about my uncles? Did you inform them?” Wynter pressed on, her/ tone deliberate. 
Easton averted his gaze. “I was planning to tell Mr. Noah today. I was going to have them pack up and leave.” 
Just as Easton finished speaking, a deep, resonant voice came from outside the door. “It’s not just them You should also pack up and leave.” 
It was Noah, whose presence commanded attention. He had returned with Taylor and Marie, determined to clarify what exactly Marie was talking about. 
The Whitman family could no longer afford any misunderstandings. Those who had been serving Reuben and managing the family for years were not just anyone. They were distant relatives of Noah’s wife, Ophelia Montclair. 
Noah never expected the problem to stem from this. There was no need for further questioning. Whatever misunderstandings there might have been, it was clear that he had been too lenient with these people! 
Wynter’s approach successfully helped Noah filter out everyone who looked down upon the Whitman family while taking their money. 
Wynter was indeed clever. If she had come in as she did in the Quinnell family, cutting through the Whitman family with drastic measures, it would have only deepened misunderstandings. 
She had realized that the connections behind Easton were not simple. Besides, he also knew the fatal weaknesses within the Whitman family. 
As for her recent tactics, such strategies were frequently used in the business world. He thought Noah should understand what she meant. 
Indeed, Noah understood Wynter’s intention. In fact, he had never been so clear–headed before. 
Chapter 1337 Resolving Misunderstandings 
Easton hadn’t expected Noah to return so suddenly and was still considering approaching him to get on his good side. 
But Noah gave him only three words. “Get lost, traitor!” 
Easton’s face turned pale. “Noah, we are family. Let’s talk this out-” 
“Who said we’re family?” Noah coldly interrupted him “How many times has Marie visited? Did you tell anyone?” 
Easton felt as if his end had come upon hearing this. 
How could this happen? Hadn’t the Whitmans always avoided seeing Marie? Lynette had also told him that Marie was just a lovestruck fool with no real abilities and that nobody would notice what he did. But now, Easton’s lips were trembling, and his legs could barely support him. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1338
Chapter 1338 Will the Wrays Protect You 
Reuben finally spoke up, “Noah, what do you mean by that?” 
The usually refined Noah gritted his teeth, his voice filled with deep regret. “It’s all my fault. I hired the wrong people, which led to a traitor within the Whitmans. 
“Dad, we misunderstood Marie. She’s been trying to find a way to contact us all these years. She was sick before and had hallucinations, unable to distinguish between reality and illusions. 
“But even so, she still tried to find a way to come back. Just a few days ago, she returned home, wanting to see you.” 
As he spoke, Noah pointed at Easton, who had collapsed, and the maids who tried playing dumb. “It was them! They didn’t tell us anything! They even kept Marie from entering the house!” 
Reuben’s eyes turned red upon hearing this, and his breathing became unsteady. 
Wynter timely rested on Reuben’s pulse, applying pressure to an acupoint. “Grandpa, please stay calm. It’s good that the misunderstanding has been cleared up. It’s not too late.” 
Hearing Wynter’s words, Reuben felt more than relieved that he hadn’t stubbornly persisted in his own way. “You’re right. It’s not too late.” 
Reuben comforted himself with these words, and his desire to see Marie reached its peak at that moment. 
He shouldn’t have trapped himself in hatred all this time. Sometimes, what one saw with their own eyes might not have been the truth. 
Who was it? Who was behind the scheme against the Whitman family? 
Reuben hadn’t completely lost his reason. He knew that to accomplish all this, it couldn’t have been just the maids, nor could it have been the Wray family alone. 
It was as if the Whitmans had been deliberately isolated. All the information they received about Marie was distorted. 
Reuben tightened his fist, but his breathing had become much steadier than before. 
Seeing this, Wynter withdrew her hand. “Uncle Noah, I 
need to ask him a few things before you throw him out.” 
Noah, of course, wouldn’t refuse Wynter’s request. 
Easton was now utterly terrified. If it had only been Reuben who found out, he could have just made sure he kept quiet. After all, he was in charge of Reuben’s daily life. 
Or, like before, he could have simply resigned and left. Once he was outside, it wouldn’t have mattered how much he spread rumors about the Whitman family 
But now, he’d been caught red–handed. The promises the Wray family had made to him might probably never be fulfilled. 
Wynter didn’t bother wasting any time as she locked eyes with Easton. “I don’t know which relative you are to my aunt, but no matter which, I’ll thoroughly investigate every aspect of it. 
“I know what you’re thinking. You believe that the Wrays will protect you, given all you’ve done for them. 
“I’ve been in business for a while now, and you should know better than I do how the Wrays operate. They have no reason to protect a pawn that’s no longer useful to them. 
Chapter 1338 Will the Wrays Protect You 
“Will they offend the Whitmans for you? Or will they come forward and admit that they are the ones sabotaging the Whitmans all these years for you? 
“Mr. Easton, don’t be foolish. Mr. Wray is still eager to become the Chamber of Commerce’s leader, and he can’t afford any blemishes on his record. In that case, that blemish is you. 1 
“We don’t even need to deal with you ourselves. After all, you’re a relative of my aunt’s. I won’t embarrass Uncle Noah like this. 
“The Wrays want you gone from Hawford even more than we do. And it’s not just you–I’m afraid your entire family won’t be able to stay, either.” 
Wynter spoke neither fast nor slowly, but every word instilled fear in those around her. Just like Easton, they all worked for the Wray family. It would be a disgrace for the Wrays if they were to be exposed. If the Wrays discovered that they had been exposed, their prospects in Hawford would be over! 
###chapter1339
Chapter 1339 Dealing With Outsiders 
Chapter 1339 Dealing With Outsiders 
Realizing this, those who had previously thought about informing the Wray family of the situation after Teaving now abandoned that idea. 
Easton, in particular, fell to his knees. He hoped that the Whitmans would spare him. 
Wynter got straight to the point. “Tell me everything you’ve done regarding my mother.” 
At this point, Easton no longer dared to hide anything. He revealed how the Wray family found him and how he used the fact that he was Ophelia’s distant relative to subtly deepen the misunderstanding. 
He also mentioned how he advised Ophelia to stay calm and consider the family situation when she tried to speak up for Marie. If Reuben became unhappy, the one who would suffer would be their side of the family. 
Especially since Cyrus Whitman, Noah and Ophelia’s son, was already not highly regarded by Reuben. If this issue created more distance, it would be counterproductive. 
Noah’s chest heaved with anger as he heard this. He turned around, ready to return home to confront Ophelia. 
“Come back.” Reuben’s voice was firm. His hand gripping the cane was slightly stiff. 
Noah’s voice was hoarse. “Dad, it’s all my fault. I didn’t fulfill my role as the head of the family properly.” 
“It has nothing to do with you.” Reuben’s gaze was fixed on Easton, his eyes cold. “I have truly underestimated all of you.” 
It was true that he didn’t particularly favor Cyrus, but he had never been dismissive of him. 
The Whitmans‘ enterprise was large and prosperous. Reuben should have anticipated that such problems would arise sooner or later. 
It was because of various people’s mixed motives that Marie couldn’t return home. But ultimately, it all came back to him. People were speculating about his intentions. As long as the Whitman family hadn’t chosen an heir, these issues would persist. 
He knew Noah and Taylor lacked the ambition for the position, and the two brothers had always been united. But others would always come to their own conclusions. 
The sight of Reuben in such a state was one that Wynter couldn’t bear. But if these issues weren’t brought to light, they would always remain a hidden danger for the Whitmans. 
Kenton had planted traps not only with Taylor but also with Noah. He was so familiar with the Whitmans that he knew he would benefit no matter which side fell apart. 
Wynter had Easton confess because, given her position, she couldn’t directly confront these issues. With Noah, Ophelia, and Cyrus involved, she couldn’t take action herself without risking creating animosity. 
Kenton was well aware of where the difficulties lay, which was why he enlisted Ophelia’s relative to handle these issues. It was clear that Cyrus was the key in this scheme. 
Wynter was also uncertain how Noah would handle the situation. 
Noah seemed to sense Wynter’s gaze, and he lifted his gaze slightly. “No, Dad. I’m definitely responsible. It’s my fault for not properly educating Cyrus. Wynter, 
don’t worry. I will take care of this fiasco.” 
Noah’s demeanor terrified Easton. As a distant relative, he finally understood how he had come to enjoy his current good fortune. 
Chapter 1339 Dealing With Outsiders 
The Wray family sought him out precisely because of his connections. If Noah were to divorce Ophelia, he would be nothing. 
Easton clung to Noah’s legs as he continually begged for mercy. 
Wynter looked at Reuben. She knew full well that the Whitmans couldn’t afford any more disturbances at this time. However, she couldn’t fully trust Ophelia and Cyrus. 
“Uncle Noah, I still need an extra helper for the upcoming practical test and to assist Mr. Blaise. Could you bring my cousin over for me?” Wynter asked. 
###chapter1340
Chapter 1340 Furious 
Noah hadn’t expected such a response from Wynter. He paused, and even someone as cool–headed and intelligent as he caught a wave of warmth in his heart. 
Wynter was just like when she was younger–bold and straightforward. She had never changed her ways when it came to family. 
Noah understood that Wynter was doing this to avoid putting him in a difficult position, but Noah knew he had to resolve his own family matters. 
“I’ll get him to come over right now,” Noah said in a low voice. 
He cast another glance at Easton, knowing this was also time for him to finally clean up the trash. As for Ophelia’s family, he would handle it properly, including their marriage. 
Wynter didn’t interfere with the other matters as she trusted Noah’s judgment. It wouldn’t be out of the ordinary if Ophelia acted unintentionally. However, if it were intentional, Noah most likely wouldn’t let his marriage destroy the Whitmans. 
The larger the family, the more important it was to consider the wife in the household. This was the truth unchanged since ancient times. 
Half of the Whitman family’s maids were dismissed. They didn’t even dare to ask for their wages for those days. 
Previously, they thought that if the Whitman family dared to fire them, they would make sure everyone in Hawford knew how disgraceful the Whitmans were. 
Now, they were just grateful they hadn’t been thoroughly investigated. Causing any more trouble was the last thing on their minds now. 
As for Easton, he was directly taken away by Wynter’s people. There was completely no news about him, leaving everyone else anxious and fearful. 
Along with Easton, Wynter also sent out the hair she had obtained at the Chamber of Commerce. 
No one noticed when Wynter took the hair. After all, they had been busy mocking her at the time, believing that she didn’t understand the business world’s rules and genuinely thought she was looking to collaborate with them. 
As Easton was being taken away, Taylor happened to be bringing Marie in. 
As if seeing his savior, Easton cried out to Marie, “Ms. Marie, it’s all my fault! I won’t do it ever again! I was just momentarily bewitched. 
“You wouldn’t want to see Mr. Noah and Ms. Ophelia divorce because of you, would you? It’s all my doing! It’s all my fault! I beg you, give me another chance at life-” 
Before Easton could finish speaking, Wynter kicked him hard. Her shoes pressed down on his back. Her left leg was long and elegant, and her posture was striking. 
Her words made the remaining maids shudder with fear. “I see you haven’t been properly dealt with.” 
Wynter looked down at him from above. “I’ve changed my mind. Since you enjoy stirring up trouble so much, I’ll keep you around and send you to the Wrays. It’s simply perfect. 
“As for your relatives, there’s no need for us 
to investigate. The Wrays will handle that 
Easton’s eyes widened as he writhed on the ground in pain. 
Chapter 1340 Furious 
Wynter did intend to save Noah from the embarrassment, but it seemed that these people had misunderstood one thing. Just because she tried not to lose her temper in front of the Whitmans didn’t mean she wasn’t ruthless. 
Bringing up Marie was something Wynter would never let slide. “Even if my uncle and aunt were to get a divorce in the future, what does that have to do with my mother? Go ahead, explain it to me. I’m listening.” 
Wynter was indeed listening, but it made Easton suffer immensely. She even took his phone and dialed Lynette’s number. Seeing this, Easton could only make muffled sounds of distress. 
Lynette had already been thoroughly embarrassed today. Seeing this incoming call, she felt even more irritable. 
She hadn’t even sought them out yet, but these lap dogs, who only knew how to wag their tails and never got things done, had the nerve to contact her. 
She was furious at not being informed about Wynter’s return to the Whitman family. 
Lynette picked up her phone and sneered. “You-” 
Wynter didn’t bother giving Lynette a chance to respond. With the sound of Easton’s cries underfoot, she spoke in a casual tone, “Ms. Lynette, I’ve found a dog from your family at the Whitman household. Would you like to come and take him back?” 
###chapter1341
Chapter 1341 Stunned 
Lynette froze as she recognized Wynter’s voice immediately. 
Wynter pressed down on Easton harder with her foot. “Ms. Lynette, I’ve always been curious about what your face originally looked like. After all, you’ve turned yourself into something neither human nor ghost. 
“Today, I finally saw it. Indeed, you’re old and ugly. I instantly understood your desire to become beautiful. 
“But, Ms. Lynette, has anyone told you? No matter how you change, you’ll never be able to replace my mother. Because trash is just trash.” 
“You!” Lynette nearly lost her mind. She sprung up from her chair in fury! 
A crack was heard. Easton’s wrist was snapped. 
Wynter chuckled lightly. “Ms. Lynette, I’ll be sending the gift to you by courier. Make sure you sign for it.” Lynette was speechless from start to finish. Her face turned pale with anger, but there was nothing she could do. She was genuinely terrified that Wynter might actually send Easton over. 
Lynette was utterly disoriented now. She had no idea what Wynter might do next! 
Cyrus happened to witness this scene as he rushed over. He had no idea why Noah had suddenly called him to Quaint Villa. All he saw was a young lady stepping on Easton’s hand and not a single person intervening. 
The Whitman family’s maids were all so terrified that they were practically shaking in their boots, let alone intervening. 
They thought Wynter was someone well–mannered and cultured when she first arrived. But now, with that bloodthirsty look in her eyes, they didn’t even dare to glance around carelessly anymore. 
Cyrus paused and intended to seek confirmation of what was happening from Noah. 
But to his surprise, Wynter noticed him and smiled. “There you are, my cousin.” 
Cyrus was taken aback. He wasn’t sure if he had heard Wynter correctly. Did she just call him her cousin? And the main point was that she was still stepping on Easton, his relative! 
The words he had wanted to say in Easton’s defense got stuck in his throat. Something about this atmosphere felt off to him. 
Wynter finally moved her leg aside. Someone handed her a handkerchief, which she used to wipe her hands before turning her gaze to Cyrus. 
She smiled warmly, as if basking in spring sunshine. “I thought you might plead for this piece of trash. I’m glad you didn’t. Otherwise…” 
Wynter 
didn’t continue with her sentence, but Cyrus understood exactly what she meant. Was she implying she would’ve beaten him up, too? 
Cyrus really felt as if he couldn’t stay here any longer. If he didn’t speak up soon, Noah might disown him. Dad, who is she…?” 
To Cyrus‘ surprise, it wasn’t Noah who answered him, but Reuben, who had never thought much of him. 
Reuben walked out of the house, looking healthier than at any other time Cyrus had visited Quaint Villa. She’s your cousin. Your aunt’s daughter, Wynter.” 
Cyrus‘ eyes widened in shock. He had always known about Marie, but everyone said she was not 
Chapter 1341 Stunned 
someone to be mentioned. His memories of Marie were from when she used to take him to amusement 
parks. 
Later, everyone said she was a lovesick fool or something along the lines, and that it was because of her that Isabella passed on. Hence, Cyrus never had a good impression of the Quinnell family. 
Cyrus assumed that Reuben probably didn’t like them, either, which was why he hadn’t seen Marie return over the years. 
Now, Reuben was saying that this ruthless girl in front of him was his cousin. How had everything at home changed when he was only away for just two days? 
Cyrus struggled to move. “So… what’s going on?” 
“We’re cleaning out the trash,” Wynter explained. 
Cyrus looked back at Noah once more. 
Meanwhile, Easton kept reaching toward Cyrus. But he could only whimper, unable to utter a single word. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter1342
Chapter 1342 The Quinnells and Whitmans Unite 
In the end, Cyrus couldn’t keep quiet any longer. “Wait a minute. Is this some kind of misunderstanding?” 
“Are you pleading for him?” Wynter raised an eyebrow, her tone getting colder. 
Cyrus was unlike the rest of the Whitmans. He was less domineering but cared deeply about family ties. “I just think it’s better to clear things up if there’s any misunderstanding. He is my uncle, after all.” 
“It’s indeed better to clear things up.” Wynter surprisingly agreed with Cyrus. She signaled the people to throw Easton on the ground. “Speak. I’m listening.” 
Easton no longer dared to speak in vague terms after everything that had just happened. 
He confessed everything, from how he had betrayed the Whitman family and mistreated them to how he had prevented Marie from returning to the Whitman residence. 
Cyrus looked utterly bewildered. He reacted as if he was hearing about a completely different world. “Are you saying that Ms. Lynette was behind all of this? How could that be?” 
He turned to ask Noah, “Dad! How is that possible?” 
Noah took a deep breath, his voice low. “How did I end up with a son like you?” 
Cyrus clenched his fists. “I know you and Grandpa look down on me, but I just want to understand. The Wray family has always been close to us. Ms. Lynette has always been so good to me and Grandpa. They have no reason to speak ill of my aunt.” 
Reuben’s face had already darkened considerably. 
Wynter signaled her subordinates to take Easton away. She had to give Lynette a surprise after what she had done to the Whitmans. 
Then, she walked over to Cyrus and said in a tone that was neither cold nor warm, “Cyrus, sometimes you need to clear your head.” 
Cyrus frowned. “What do you mean?” 
He was slightly intimidated by Wynter. She was beautiful, but how could she just break a person’s hand? Cyrus had always wanted someone akin to a younger sister, but now that his wish had come true, she was not quite what he had imagined. 
Wynter could see that Cyrus‘ nature wasn’t bad, but he was just too naive. “Make sure you don’t have a head full of water.” 
Cyrus, who was still thinking about how to communicate with Wynter, felt his face flush. Was she implying that he didn’t have a brain? 
Wynter didn’t drag things out and handed the situation over to Noah. “Uncle Noah, you explain it to him. I think Cyrus is not a bad person, so take your time explaining. I have some matters to discuss with Uncle Taylor.” 
Noah understood that Wynter was doing this to save him from embarrassment. He also noticed the look she gave him. It was clear that Reuben and Marie needed some time alone. After so many years apart, they would undoubtedly have a lot to discuss. 
He exchanged a glance with Taylor and ordered everyone to leave. 
Marie could no longer hold back anymore. She walked up to Reuben and spoke with a trembling voice
, Dad, I’m home late.” 
Chapter 1342 The Quinnells and Whitmans Unite 
“It’s my fault, it’s my…” Reuben’s voice choked up as he spoke. 
He didn’t say much more and instead gently rested his hand on Marie’s head and tenderly patted it. “It’s good to have you back. Your mother and I have missed you very much.” 
The last few words were spoken with a trembling voice that almost broke. 
Finally, the Whitmans could return to how things once were, and Marie had come home. 
Cyrus was still in a daze when Wynter directly had him taken away. 
She then sat down with Taylor in a nearby spot. The setting sun’s warm glow streamed through the windows, adding a touch of warmth to their serious conversation. 
“Uncle Taylor, I understand you might have reservations about my actions today,” Wynter began, her tone firm yet understanding. “But please trust that there is a reason behind everything I did.” 
Taylor sighed softly, his eyes reflecting a mixture of emotions. “Wynter, you’ve grown up. I’m glad to see that you have your own ideas and principles. 
“But the business world is like a battlefield. One wrong move can lead to many more. The Wray family is not easy to deal with, and you-” 
“Uncle Taylor, I understand your concerns,” Wynter interrupted, her eyes gleaming with wisdom. “But precisely because the Wray family is powerful, we cannot afford to sit idly by. 
“The Quinnell and Whitman families are closely connected. When one prospers, the other benefits. And when one suffers, the other suffers. 
“Right now, we must not only save ourselves but also unite to support those old enterprises that are equally struggling.” 
###chapter1343
Chapter 1343 The Ideal Business Empire 
“Wynter, what do you mean?” Taylor furrowed his brows. 
“I want to establish an alliance. One composed of the Quinnel family, the Whitman family, and other long- standing enterprises willing to join us,” Wynter explained. 
She continued, “Through resource sharing and mutual benefits, we can promote domestic old brands to 
the world. 
“By doing this, we not only strengthen our own competitiveness but also collectively resist external threats and expand into larger overseas markets. Mr. Blaise and his team will be our first allies.” 
Taylor’s eyes were filled with immense surprise. Never before had a person from the younger generation shown so much ambition and vision. 
Taylor couldn’t help but stand up. His contemplation was mixed with concern. “This is indeed a bold and far–sighted idea. But the implementation will likely be fraught with difficulties.” 
First and foremost, internal unity was essential to present a united front externally. However, in the business world, talking about unity could seem almost laughable. Resources were limited, and if one party profited, the others might not. 
Each enterprise was wary of the others, always on guard against potential harm. It was good enough if they didn’t set traps for one another or engage in commercial competition. To achieve resource sharing was a far more challenging proposition. 
However, Wynter had a different perspective. “There will certainly be challenges. After all, human nature is unpredictable. But, Uncle Taylor, the current situation is different from the past. Many long–standing enterprises are seeking a lifeline. 
“The perception of limited resources arises because everyone is focusing on the same market. By joining forces, we can boost each other’s sales and achieve a win–win outcome. 
“Moreover, those long–standing enterprises that have survived until now must have their own core values that they stubbornly stand by. Such people will understand what we are trying to achieve.” 
Wynter’s tone remained resolute. “Also, I already have some plans. For example, we can start by optimizing the supply chain management, improving product quality, and enhancing service levels. This will gradually strengthen the alliance’s overall capability.” 
Taylor felt a burning passion ignite within him as he listened to Wynter’s explanation. 
He knew that his generation was not as successful as Reuben’s. He also often found himself questioning whether the principles he upheld were truly important. 
The idea of giving up, like the Wray family did, seemed tempting at times. After all, that was less stressful. 
However, despite his disillusionment, Taylor had always harbored a chivalric fantasy. He envisioned a day when he could elevate domestic enterprises to the global stage, ensuring that these long–standing enterprises wouldn’t fade into obscurity. 
After all these years, he hadn’t expected to find that it was Wynter who had brought forth this very ambition. 
Taylor took a deep breath, his eyes gleaming with determination. “Then let’s do it. Just let me know if you need anything. I can still hold my own against Kenton in Hawford.” 
“Indeed, I will need your connections. But before that, there’s something else I need to discuss with you,” 
Chapter 1343 The Ideal Business Empire 
Wynter said. 
She pulled out the account ledger she had brought with her and explained, “This was given to me by someone who has a crush on Mom. It’s the detailed accounts from your previous company.” 
Taylor’s thoughts immediately turned to Lucius from the Darnell family. 
His eyes widened in shock as he scanned the details in the ledger. His usually handsome face darkened with anger and anxiety. 
He looked up at Wynter. “This… I didn’t do any of this. Where did this come from?” 
He could barely fathom the implications if this ledger had ended up in anyone else’s hands instead of Wynter’s. The consequences he had to face would have been dire! 
###chapter1344
Chapter 1344 The Infighting 
At worst, Taylor might be taken away by the authorities. Regardless of the consequences, the Whitman Group’s stocks were set to take a hit. 
Given Reuben’s condition, he could barely handle the setbacks. Noah, too, already had a lot on his plate. 
Although Taylor wasn’t afraid of going to prison, he was deeply concerned about his family’s potential ruin. Still, he couldn’t fathom how the account ledger surfaced, especially since it pertained to the property development made a long time ago. 
Clearly, such an issue should never be made public. Taylor now understood the reason Wynter insisted on a private discussion. 
“You’ve got to believe me, Sevie. I’ve never done anything against the law throughout my business career. Is this the Wrays‘ doing?” As Taylor flipped through the financial statement, he drew a smart conclusion. 
“Indeed. It’s their ace in the hole,” Wynter affirmed, laying out the truth to remind Taylor of the threat while observing his reaction. 
Despite having complete faith in her family, Wynter had to make sure there weren’t any hidden pitfalls. After all, Cyrus didn’t strike her as trustworthy. Fortunately, Taylor affirmed that he remained clear–headed and in compliance with the regulations. 
With no other relatives raising concerns, Wynter could carry out her investigations without apprehensions. 
Little did Kenton know he had underestimated Wynter’s network. To Kenton, Wynter was nothing more than an heir to the Quinnells‘ legacy. Although she had shown her brilliance in business, he doubted she could unearth the truth of the past. 
If Wynter persisted in exposing Kenton, she would need to delve into his associates as well. However, those individuals were far beyond the scope of a scion from Kingbourne like her. Ultimately, the Whitman family was bound to take the fall for him. 
With the backing of such powerful connections, Kenton purposely set up a bait for Wynter to deepen the rift between the Whitmans and Quinnells. He was hoping to see her personally drive Taylor into prison. 
Kenton’s scheme was so intricate and flawless that his true intentions were nearly impossible to discern.. Unfortunately for him, his opponent was Wynter Quinnell. 
Kenton’s greatest regret was dismissing Wynter as just another scion, a belief he learned from the fortune teller he had hired. 
Disgruntled by Yvette’s performance, Kenton didn’t hold back his ruthlessness and ferocity. Indifferent to the watching eyes, he hurled a scalding cup onto the ground. 
“You seem rather relaxed, Ms. Yates. How can you enjoy tea at a time like this?” Kenton scowled and waved his hand. The household staff attending to Yvette fearfully retreated without a word. 
Yvette had basked in admiration and reverence for so long. She never expected such privileges would be stripped away, nor did she expect Kenton, who had once held her in high regard, would erupt into such fury. 
At that moment, Kenton’s bodyguard grabbed a fistful of her hair and slammed her head onto the coffee table. 
Yvette grimaced in pain as her face grew pale. “This is a misunderstanding, Mr. Wray. I…” 
Kenton slumped onto the couch and glared at her. “You might be able to fool others, but you can’t fool 
Chapter 1344 The Infighting 
me. Do you have any idea how you’ve humiliated me today, Yates? 
“Given your ties with the Winstons, I acknowledge your capabilities. But don’t forget, the only reason you gained a foothold in Hawford so swiftly is thanks to our support!” 
###chapter1345
Chapter 1345 Yvette Was Reborn 
Kenton angrily flipped the coffee table over, sending the fruit platter and wine glasses crashing to the ground. He shot a spiteful glare at Yvette and demanded, “So, tell me, are your predictions truly accurate, or are they a sham?” 
Recognizing her own worth, Yvette quickly asserted that her predictions were indeed accurate. She feared for her safety if she claimed otherwise. 
Yet, Kenton had become skeptical of her. He narrowed his eyes and warned, “I hope you’re not saying you relied on divination. If you did, how can you not know that the fourth auction item was a phone?” 
Kenton proved to be rather intelligent and difficult to confront. For the first time, Yvette failed to deceive 
someone. 
During her years with the couple, Yvette had mastered various tricks and could naturally maintain a pretense. However, she hadn’t expected Kenton to genuinely threaten her life. 
Yvette began to explain in a shivering tone, “I–I’m not really familiar with such aspects…” 
Kenton gave a sinister smile and said, “You have two choices. One, you can continue with your lies, but you know I have a lot of friends. With your pretty looks, I’m sure you’ll have a great time with them. 
“Or, you can tell me the truth about your predictions and the person behind you.” 
Yvette was completely horrified and frantically retreated, dreading Kenton’s approach. She had never shared her true story with anyone, not even the Winstons. 
Yvette was terrified of the Winston family to the core. The sight of the old man’s lifeless gaze and his claim about her possession still haunted her mind. Though she gave away the possession, she kept her 
secret untold. 
ard 
Yvette was aware that exposing her secret would cost her the leverage needed for her own safety. Yet, she was up against Kenton, who had no qualms about flouting the laws. 
Overwhelmed with fear, Yvette collapsed to the ground and cried out, “I know what will happen a decade 
from now!” 
Gesturing his bodyguards to stop, Kenton approached her and furrowed his brows. “Is this some kind of joke?” 
Yvette explained in a quivering voice, “It’s the truth. You have to believe me. I’ve died once and been reborn, so I know many things others don’t. I’ve been following the stock market closely every year and know which stocks will rise or fall over the next decade. 
“I also know a nationwide pandemic is expected to hit next year. When that happens, no citizen will be able to leave their houses. The supply prices will surge, and pharmaceutical stocks will soar. Please believe me, Mr. Wray!” 
Yvette didn’t seem like she was lying, though she could barely stand from fear. It was a pitiful spectacle. 
In contrast, Kenton appeared calm and composed. He was more experienced with life and had his hands stained with blood. 
That said, he remained skeptical about Yvette’s claim of her rebirth. But if she were truly telling the truth, she could be a valuable asset. 
Kenton’s demeanor suddenly softened as he extended a gesture of goodwill. “I was just teasing you, Ms. Yates: I didn’t realize you’d be so frightened,” he said with a smile, 
Chapter 1345 Yvette Was Rebor 
Yvette obviously didn’t buy his words. But since Kenton had given her an out, she wasted no time to take 
it. 
###chapter1346
Chapter 1346 I Believe You Now 
Despite her fear, Yvette took Kenton’s hand and slowly stood up. 
Kenton pondered for a moment before stating, “Your experience might be bizarre, but it does make some sense. Since that Quinnell girl will be preoccupied with other matters in the days ahead, why don’t you take the chance to prove yourself? Tell me what’s coming in the future.” 
Yvette quickly caught on and replied in a hurry, “Tomorrow, there will be an official announcement about a famous adaptation of a drama series.” 
C 
O 
Kenton instinctively frowned, appearing uninterested in the information. That said, such a public announcement could lend credibility to her claims. 
Kenton then asked for the director’s name and the manner of the drama series‘ announcement. Yvette retained a clear memory of such details, including one specific piece of information. 
“The authorities have listed the property near the eastern bridge for future development, though I’m uncertain about the exact location,” she said. 
“Are you talking about the slums in the eastern part?” Kenton inquired. 
Most people in Hawford hardly considered developing that part of the city. Though Kenton was doubtful, he also recognized it as a viable opportunity. 
He could rake in a profit by acquiring the land at a lower price and selling it for more later. More importantly, he would face little competition for a land that others deemed unworthy. 
As Yvette had read the news about the slums in her past life, she was confident that the land would be developed. However, she was unclear about the location set for advancements. 
“Very well, I trust your words. Leave this to me, Ms. Yates. In the meantime, you should keep an eye on the stocks. I’ll check with you in a few days,” Kenton instructed, keeping his agenda in mind. 
Yvette nodded and heaved a sigh of relief. 
Just as she thought Kenton was leaving, he suddenly stopped in his tracks and turned back. “Do you know if the Whitman family is still around after 10 years?” 
As Yvette reflected on the trending news from her past life, her eyes suddenly lit up in realization. “The Whitman family had been struggling with business transformations due to the burden of their long- standing enterprises and cash flow problems. 
“In the end, they had no choice but to declare bankruptcy. It was said that the state handled their situation. I even heard that Taylor Whitman was imprisoned for financial crime!” 
Yvette remembered that the incident had stirred a public commotion, and many had expressed sympathy for the Whitman family. 
Upon catching the last part of her remark, Kenton showed a hearty smile. “I now believe you were indeed reborn, Ms. Yates.” 
After all, he was the only one who knew the truth about Taylor’s crime. 
At the Whitman residence, Reuben settled into the main seat as he happily gazed at the feast before him. It had been years since he tasted Marie’s cooking. 
“These dishes look more than enough. Both of you can stop now and take your seats. Sevie and the 
Chapter 1346 I Believe You Now 
others are returning soon.” Reuben called out to both Marie and Noah in the kitchen. 
“We’re nearly done, Dad. I’m just finishing up the last specialty dish!” Marie replied amid the busyness. 
She had finally reunited with her father after many years and resolved the long–standing conflict with her brothers. At that moment, Marie felt a deep sense of relief. 
Amidst the thick darkness of the night, the light within the Whitman residence shone through. 
Moments later, Taylor appeared at the dining table with Wynter. He was struck by a wave of nostalgia as he gazed at the feast before him. 
Just then, Wynter stated, “I’ve discussed with Uncle Taylor, Grandpa. This will bring significant changes to our current situation and businesses. But for now, I’d like to talk about Cyrus.” 
###chapter1347
Chapter 1347 Worth Saving 
“I just wanted to let you know that Cyrus will be joining me,” Wynter stated as she stared at Reuben. 
She chose not to explain further, fearing that someone might eavesdrop. Besides, she wouldn’t be able to attain the results she wanted if she told the truth. 
Cyrus halted his movements at the mention of his name. Though his once gloomy expression had lightened, he remained puzzled as to why Wynter, whom he barely knew, needed his company. 
He was still reeling from the earlier event and felt conflicted toward Wynter. After all, she was the one who drove Easton out of the Whitman residence. 
Easton was a distant relative of Cyrus‘ maternal grandmother, Tamia Wooten. He had remained with the Whitman family for years, and Cyrus had always regarded him fondly. If Noah hadn’t disclosed Easton’s betrayal, Cyrus would never have suspected him of such treachery. 
Cyrus couldn’t understand why Easton would turn against the Whitman family, who had treated him with kindness. He briefly considered Tamia’s involvement but quickly dismissed the idea. 
Before Cyrus could voice his refusal, Reuben interjected, “Of course. Let Cyrus introduce you to the group. 
Cyrus was stunned. Who exactly was he supposed to introduce Wynter to? 
Noting Cyrus‘ confusion, Reuben calmly gazed at him and asked, “What? Are you not willing?” 
If Cyrus were to express his refusal, Reuben wouldn’t hesitate to consider someone else for the family business. It wasn’t mandatory to pass it down to a blood descendant, anyway. 
Taylor wordlessly listened to the conversation, though the sharp glint in his eyes suggested he had grasped Reuben’s intention. Noah came to the same realization, but his reaction was far from pleased. 
Over the years, he had been negligent and now deeply regretted leaving his son in his wife’s care. Although he didn’t entirely blame Ophelia, he knew her relatives had a strong influence on Cyrus. 
Cyrus set down his fork as cold sweat broke out on his forehead. “Don’t be mad, Grandpa. Of course, I’m 
willing.” 
“Then why are you hesitating? Act like a man! You’re a member of the Whitman family!” Reuben reprimanded, clearly feeling disappointed in Cyrus. 
Sensing the rising tension, Marie interjected after understanding Wynter’s intention. “Even with Cyrus‘ age, he’s just four years ahead of Wynter. Besides, he just returned from abroad and isn’t fully up to speed with everything. You need to be patient with him, Dad.” 
She continued with a faint smile, “He’s a lot like a younger Taylor–both righteous and compassionate. I’m sure he might adjust his demeanor after proper guidance.” 
Cyrus looked at Marie for the first time, having realized her attempt to help him out of a tough spot. To his surprise, she wasn’t entirely defending him, either. 
“Cyrus, as the Whitman family’s eldest child, you need to consider the people and situations around you more carefully. It’s important to understand what’s truly beneficial or detrimental to you,” Marie advised. Compared to Noah’s lecture, Cyrus found Marie’s advice easier to comprehend. She would patiently provide an explanation, helping him realize certain aspects he had previously overlooked. 
Cyrus had always known he was slow to learn and wasn’t cut out for business. He wasn’t like his father and uncle, who commanded respect and fear everywhere they went. Instead, he, had a circle of friends 
Chapter 1 347 Worth Saving 
who joined him in making profits, 
77 
Yet, Marie claimed that he was much like Taylor in his younger years. Doubtful, Cyrus instinctively looked over at Taylor, 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1348
Chapter 1348 Walked Straight into Trouble 
With a pat on Cyrus‘ shoulder, Taylor burst into a hearty laugh. “Exactly. We’re both gullible softies–way too trusting and easily deceived.” 
The account ledger Wynter previously showed him was a testament to the turmoil that unfolded, all because of his blind trust in Kenton during his youth. 
“It’s best if you follow Wynter’s lead,” Taylor bluntly advised. 
But Cyrus had only witnessed Wynter’s more aggressive side. Considering he was older and had graduated from business school, he believed he might have more expertise despite lacking a knack for 
business. 
That said, Cyrus knew better than to speak out of turn on such occasions and simply nodded in acknowledgment. Little did he know that Wynter had read his mind, but she kept the thoughts to herself. 
Just then, Wynter received a call from Wolf, who tapped the microphone wordlessly. Wynter’s lips curled into a faint smile as she replied affectionately, “Alright, I’ll check it out later. Are you hungry? Go grab something to eat, then.” 
Wearing an aloof expression, Wolf sent Wynter a message while staying on the line. “I’m not hungry. Mr. ATM treated me to a grand meal at the restaurant and even bought me a milkshake.” 
Though Wynter was confused by the unusual name, she had a hunch about who it might be. Her suspicion was soon confirmed when a familiar baritone voice came through the phone. “I’m with Wolf. Don’t worry about him.” 
Wynter immediately recognized the voice belonged to her handsome fiancé, though she wasn’t sure if he had overheard Wolf’s reference to him. 
She cleared her throat and stated, “You know he has a large appetite.” 
“Being his walking ATM, I can still cover his meals. I’ll be borrowing Wolf for some businesses,” came Dalton’s calm reply. 
Wynter wondered what Dalton needed with Wolf. Before she could ask, she was cut off by a call from Orson. Deciding to address official concerns first, she set her questions aside. 
Dalton was aware of her plan and seized his chance to search for his last soul fragment. 
Never did Wynter imagine that the hotel Wolf mentioned was Serenity Hotel, but she chose to address 
Orson’s concerns first. 
Orson sounded anxious as he reported a problem at the factory. He urged her to come over and sent a 
video to her. 
“It seems like our adversaries are resorting to underhanded tactics. Give me some time, Mr. Blaise. I’ll be there soon with the others,” Wynter stated calmly. 
Orson was visibly freaked out by the surge of online allegations against his juices. However, he was confident that the juice–making process met all standards and would pass any quality checks. 
With her background in network technology, Wynter could easily tell if the video had been edited. She was aware of the implication behind such measured defamation. 
In truth, Wynter was more worried that the opposing party might take a passive approach. Those familiar 
with her understood that she was best known for mounting a forceful retaliation. 
It was apparent the Wray family had made a grave mistake by challenging her to an online confrontation. 
Chapter 1348 Walked Straight into Trouble 
Being the decisive person she was, Wynter swiftly hung up the call and motioned Cyrus to follow her. It felt more like she was directing a subordinate rather than her cousin. 
Cyrus couldn’t help feeling slighted, especially considering his substantial resources compared to his peers. 
###chapter1349
Chapter 1349 Going to Your Store 
Despite his frustration, Cyrus had no choice but to follow Reuben’s order. He stood up and cast a worried glance at Noah, concerned that the incident might strain his parents‘ relationships. 
Noah met Cyrus‘ gaze stoically and instructed him to heed Wynter’s words, to which Cyrus responded with a grumble. 
“I had someone deliver the medicine for you, Grandpa. Since you’re without a butler now, I know someone who can take over that role. He’ll be bringing the medicine tonight. Just ask him to prepare it according to the prescription. 
“Remember my advice–try not to get upset, exercise regularly, and ensure proper ventilation in the room,” Wynter reminded as she packed her things. 
Reuben felt a sense of warmth wash over him as he watched Wynter prepare to leave, having barely touched her meal. But what mattered most was that she decided to guide Cyrus rather than wholly reject him. 
Reuben understood Wynter intended to introduce Cyrus into the realities of the business world, all while under the pretense of Cyrus assisting her. 
“Please take good care of Grandpa, Mom. Just leave the matters outside to me and my uncles. I’m more relieved with you at home,” Wynter rambled on. 
Feeling distressed, Marie packed Wynter some lunch to enjoy along the way. Just like Margaret did, she now filled Wynter’s bag with food and sent her money for fear she might get hungry. 
Wynter made no complaints as she headed to the door with an apple in her mouth. 
She carried herself with charm and confidence in every stride, upholding her charismatic image. Her striking presence heightened further when she drove off in her conspicuous Lamborghini. 
Cyrus climbed into the car after Wynter and glanced around with a frown. While those who knew him would recognize him as the Whitman family’s son, others might take him for a returnee to Hawford. 
Cyrus and Wynter stood in stark contrast to each other. One gave the impression of a sheltered child, whereas the other came off as a pompous and worldly scion–Wynter was clearly the latter. 
“Where are we going, Wynter?” Cyrus questioned curiously. He actually wanted to tell Wynter that he was past the age for speeding around in a sports car. 
Wynter smirked. “I was thinking of introducing you to some new business ventures. But after witnessing your impressive deeds, I’ve decided to visit your business premises instead.” 
Cyrus realized that she was referring to the specialty store he had invested in. Before he could give a response, Wynter revved up the engine and pulled off a perfect drift. 
Cyrus visibly paled at Wynter’s driving skills. It seemed that she was a danger not just in her violent actions but also in her reckless driving. 
Wynter paid little attention to Cyrus and focused on the road. She attempted to recall any missing information, especially since the Whitman family couldn’t afford another setback. And, given Reuben’s condition, he could barely handle another emotional blow. 
For that reason, Wynter knew she had to make sure that everything was impeccable. 
The two soon arrived at their destination. Still in a daze, Cyrus instantly threw up as soon as he stepped out of the car. 
Chapter 1349 Going to Your Store 
Wynter was aware of Gyrus‘ foreign education and apparent distaste for local products. However, such a mindset clashed with the Whitman family’s philosophies. 
Skimming the information from Wolf, she found that Cyrus had been strongly rooted in his heritage, at least until he turned 15. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1350
Chapter 1350 Surrounded by Threats 
Cyrus‘ shift in values was heavily influenced by his trusted “friends” and “connections“, which were maneuvered by Ophelia’s relatives. 
Wynter realized that they might not intend to destroy the Whitman family outright. Instead, they were hoping to forge a close relationship with Cyrus, who was the Whitman family’s heir. 
To that end, they had indulged in Cyrus‘ whims and even introduced new friends to him, some of whom were dispatched by the Wray family. 
Though Wynter had vetted those affiliated with the Whitman family, she was surprised to find that she missed two individuals from Cyrus‘ circle. Had she not tracked down the IP address of the video Orson sent, she might have completely overlooked it. 
Relationships within a bigger family were typically intricate. Wynter had never thought that was the case before, mainly because her brothers were unmarried, and she didn’t have many extended family members. 
But it was different with the Whitmans–she might miss an important detail if she took things lightly. 
The Wray family’s scheme was relatively straightforward. They hadn’t just planned to incriminate the Blaise family with an edited video but also anticipated they would take legal action to defend their brand against the slander. 
The Blaise family would soon discover that the slanderer was Cyrus‘ friend, based on the IP address traced to his specialty store. Ultimately, the Whitman family would be left in a compromising situation. 
After all, the Whitman family had steadfastly stood by the older industries and provided extensive support to local businesses. And yet, they were found to be stabbing the Blaise family in the back. 
Wynter could readily foresee the intense backlash that would follow if such a scheme succeeded. She forcefully seized Cyrus by the collar and dragged him to the door. 
Surprised by Wynter’s sudden shift in demeanor, Cyrus stared at her and exclaimed, “You weren’t like this in front of Grandpa. What are you…” 
“I have to show Grandpa and Uncle Noah some respect in their presence, but they’re not here now. It’s time to see what ‘good‘ you have done,” Wynter retorted calmly, though her eyes were cold. 
Stunned, Cyrus was left wondering what had gotten into her head. 
“Are you aware of the relationship between the Whitman and Blaise families?” Wynter questioned as she 
walked. 
“Grandpa mentioned we should support Mr. Blaise more since his company is struggling,” Cyrus affirmed. 
Wynter turned to him in surprise. “So, you do know about them.” 
“Of course I do. I was the one who gifted them their uniforms,” Cyrus replied as he adjusted his necktie. 
Wynter hadn’t expected that answer. She frowned and posed a question, “But why didn’t Grandpa and Uncle Noah learn about this?” 
Cyrus cleared his throat and explained, “I sent the uniforms in secret under the alias ‘Mr. W.” 
“Oh, I’m sure Mr. Blaise has recognized you,” Wynter hummed. 
Cyrus looked shocked by her statement. “How do you know?” 
“You’re the only one in the family involved in the clothing business. What’s more, you’re using such a notable alias. 
Chapter 1350 Surrounded by Threats 
“But putting that aside, what would you do if your best friend was planning to create a rift and ruin both the Whitman and Blaise families?” Wynter bluntly asked, meeting Cyrus‘ gaze. 
Cyrus instinctively tried to brush Wynter’s remark aside as a joke, but he suddenly recalled the incident with Easton. His voice sounded strained when he replied, “If that were the case, I’d make sure he faced the consequences.” 
Hearing that, Wynter gave a faint smile. “It seems there’s still hope for you, after all.” 
###chapter1351
Chapter 1351 The Haughty Sales Assistant 
“Come on, let’s go in and meet your friends. Just chat like you normally do and keep everything under wraps. Talk softly and carry a big stick,” Wynter instructed as she pulled Cyrus into the specialty store. 
Customers were essential to a specialty store, particularly in acquiring and maintaining second–hand branded items. Many high–end specialty stores often housed an impressive collection of classic edition items. 
Such specialty stores typically served a specific clientele. The market adapted to consumer demand, making it possible to find a bag worth thousands at half its price once it became second–hand. 
While the ultra–wealthy might not frequent the store, those new to the scene and working with limited. budgets flocked there, eager to present an opulent front. 
Just like in TV dramas, those people switched between social circles flaunting their branded bags. At times, they might come across a valuable item in the store. 
The specialty store usually reaped substantial profits, provided that the goods met high standards and the store manager stayed attentive. 
Having complete faith in his friends, Cyrus had left both the specialty store’s and trendsetting store’s management to them while he focused on researching designs. Yet, he couldn’t shake the feeling of dejection after hearing Wynter’s warning. 
Before Wynter and Cyrus entered the specialty store, they overheard one of the sales assistants seemingly voicing their disdain toward the customer. 
“No, we don’t have any floral patterns as those are outdated. What about the other bags? They’re over there, so see for yourself,” the sales assistant, Vivien Cagwin, scoffed. She appeared unnecessarily busy as she sized the customer up with a derisive smirk. 
When the customer attempted to try on a cardigan, Vivien shot her a look and said, “Are you sure you want this cardigan? You may only try it on if you’re ready to make a purchase.” 
The customer, Chloe Brown, was annoyed by Vivien’s remark. “I won’t know if it looks good on me unless I try it on.” 
“Oh, I’m sorry, but most of our customers are quite generous and often purchase whatever catches their eyes without trying them on. Besides, I doubt our clothes will suit your figure,” Vivien arrogantly commented with a fake smile. 
Chloe shot back angrily, “What’s with that attitude?” 
“So what? Don’t waste your time shopping if you can’t afford it. Maybe you should check your budget before wandering into the store,” Vivien murmured, though her voice was loud enough for Chloe to hear. 
Any customer would be infuriated by such dismissive retorts, and Cyrus was no exception. Was that how his employees usually treated a customer? Why weren’t his friends keeping an eye on them? 
At that point, Cyrus could no longer hold his temper and marched over to Vivien. 
“Apologize to her right now!” Cyrus hardly ever showed such anger. After returning from abroad, he embraced the idea of freedom and even implemented a flexible management system. 
However, he only realized that he had granted his employees too much leeway. 
Vivien was visibly stunned, and her face turned pale upon recognizing the approaching figure. Still, she attempted to cover up with an excuse and pleaded in a pitiful tone, “This woman wanted to try on the 
Chapter 1351 The Haughty Sales Assistant 
cardigan without buying it, Mr. Whitman. I just thought…” 
With the clock ticking, Wynter swiftly halted Vivien’s dramatic pleas. “What were you thinking? The store has surveillance cameras recording everything. Would you like us to replay the footage of your earlier behavior?” 
Wynter then picked up the cardigan and handed it to Chloe with a smile. “This color might not be the best for you, but feel free to try it on. With your complexion, I think you’ll look great in yellow–it could give you a summery vibe. 
“Try both options, and Mr. Whitman will gift you whichever you prefer. We apologize for the unpleasant experience and will be reinforcing our employee training.” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1352
Chapter 1352 His Blunder 
Chloe was boiling with indignation, yet Wynter’s charming face left her at a loss for words. She had never encountered anyone quite as charismatic as Wynter. 
When Wynter started apologizing, Chloe hurriedly interjected, “It’s fine. You might not have my size anyway.” 
Wynter refuted, “Nonsense. With such a beautiful figure, you’ll look absolutely stylish in these clothes. Why not give them a try and see how they fit?” 
The conversation took a sharp turn when she abruptly added, “I think this sales assistant might be considering a resignation. After all, she can afford to spend 280 dollars on clothes without even trying them on. She must be quite affluent.” 
Vivien made a sour face at Wyner’s remark. “Young lady, even if you’re friends with Mr. Whitman, do you think it’s appropriate to meddle in the store’s affairs? I admit I lost my composure earlier. 
“I had just gone through a breakup and wasn’t quite myself today, but I’m sure Mr. Whitman understands my feelings. Please allow me to apologize to this lady. I’m very sorry, miss.” 
Though Vivien’s apologies were loud and clear, her eyes betrayed her indignation. She sincerely believed she hadn’t done anything wrong. 
That said, she needed the job, which promised a salary of six thousand dollars along with meals and lodging benefits. It was an offer she could never find back in her hometown. 
Chloe noticed the insincerity in Vivien’s tone but chose to drop the matter. She might have marked the specialty store off her list if it weren’t for Wynter’s appearance. 
Understanding Chloe’s feelings, Wynter apologized once more and showed her to the dressing room. Upon her return, she found Vivien still in tears while Cyrus looked completely lost. 
Wynter walked over and stated in a calm voice, “Why are you thinking so hard about this? Such an employee would be immediately dismissed from any other store. If it were up to me, I’d have asked her to leave right away.” 
Hearing that, Vivien swiftly turned to Wynter with a scornful glare. “Why are you so mean to me? I haven’t. wronged you in any way. I’ve explained I was in a bad mood because of a breakup. Besides, it’s exhausting to work all day in the store. I…” 
“Just because you’re in a bad mood doesn’t mean you can take it out on the customer. If you’re tired of the job, you can always submit your resignation. You’re paid for the job, and if it’s not working out for you, you can just leave. 
“To be blunt, who do you think you are to belittle a customer just because they’re poor? Is this the kind of training you received? If so, I’m starting to see the Whitman family in a different light,” Wynter refuted coldly. 
Though her words weren’t overly harsh, they weighed heavily on 
Cyrus‘ heart. He once believed that freedom wasn’t a bad thing and viewed his elders as conservative. After all, young people like him. preferred a laid–back lifestyle. 
The younger generations were known for reshaping workplace culture, often quitting impulsively when dissatisfied with their jobs. Cyrus, too, had always offered the utmost respect and understanding to his employees. 
However, Cyrus now realized his pursuit of freedom had cost him his reputation and led to a negative 
Chapter 1352 His Blunder 
experience for the customers. More importantly, he never considered that such a trivial incident could reflect poorly on the Whitman family. 
Upon serious reflection, Cyrus came to understand the damage he had caused. Even with his declaration to start an independent business, his family would still face criticism for any issues since he was the one running the specialty store. 
Cyrus clenched his fists tightly at that realization. 
Just then, Vivien attempted to argue. “I–I don’t usually act this way, but today is different…
###chapter1353
Chapter 1353 The Sales Champion 
Vivien glanced at Cyrus, trusting he wouldn’t dismiss her based on Wynter’s comments. After all, Cyrus had always been empathetic toward his employees. 
“Pack up your things and leave,” Cyrus ordered. That was the most candid statement he had made since arriving at the specialty store. 
Taken aback, Vivien cried out, “You can’t do this to me, Mr. Whitman! I need this job to pay my rent next month. You can’t just tell me to leave!” 
She then turned to Wynter and snapped, “This is all your fault! People like you, with all your wealth, often look down on us. You’ll never understand the struggles of normal citizens like me!” 
“What you’re saying is an insult to normal citizens,” Wynter refuted. Instead of intervening further, she was curious to see how Cyrus would handle the situation and whether he realized why such an employee was hired in the first place. 
Stunned, Cyrus was reminded of the incident at the Whitman residence. He now understood that Vivien and Easton were cut from the same cloth. 
Prior to the realization, he was convinced there were misunderstandings. Easton had been kind to him, and Vivien had consistently behaved in his presence. But deep down, they had never intended to do their jobs properly despite being paid for the work. 
They remained greedy and resentful, even if it was their employer paying their salary. Cyrus couldn’t help but question if that was truly the “freedom” he envisioned. 
Immediately, Cyrus shot a cold glance at Vivien and stated, “Your earlier behavior has severely harmed the store’s interests and reputation, Vivien. I have every right to hold you accountable. You can keep causing a scene if you wish, but we have cameras recording everything. 
“I won’t just fire you, but I’ll also seek compensation for the damages, so you better be prepared. If you have any grievances, you’ll need to address them through labor arbitration.” 
Vivien choked on her words, completely dumbfounded. It wasn’t the first time she exhibited such a poor attitude at work, and she had often expressed her contempt toward customers. But that time, things hadn’t gone as she anticipated. 
Cyrus wasn’t that kind of person before–he had changed! 
It was clear that Cyrus had been deeply affected by the jarring event in the specialty store. Little did he know that Wynter had intended for him to experience such a shocking revelation. 
Chloe, having finished trying on the clothes, had witnessed the whole scene. Although she appeared unconcerned, she felt immensely pleased with the aftermath. 
She offered Wyner her praise. “Your recommendations complement me perfectly. The owner is so lucky to 
have you as his girlfriend. By the way, I’m thinking of buying a few more pieces. We actually came to Cascadia to survey personalized trendsetting brands.” 
Déspite recognizing Chloe as a major customer, Wynter didn’t take any further action and simply showed a faint smile. “Certainly. However, I’m not his girlfriend but his cousin.” 
Chloe’s eyes lit up instantly. “Are you a Whitman?” 
“No, I’m from the Quinnell family, though I’m staying with the Whitmans. Are you interested in exploring a potential partnership?” Wynter suggested bluntly as she packed the clothes into the bag. 
Chapter 1353 The Sales Champion 
2/2 
Chloe regarded her with a thoughtful, admiring look. “You’re quite clever, young lady.” 
Her last two words were spoken in a foreign language, subtly hinting at her unusual identity. 
After dealing with Vivien, Cyrus came over and overheard Wynter’s suggestion. He couldn’t help but acknowledge her ability to sell ten sets of outfits to a single customer. 
“You could become the sales champion if you work in my store,” Cyrus commented. Recognizing that his previous outlook had been more constrained, he intended to compliment Wynter with genuine praise. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
X 
###chapter1354
Chapter 1354 Disillusionment
Wynter glanced at Cyrus. "Even a young girl selling flowers on the street would outperform your sales assistants. Being the top seller in your store probably just requires having hands. There's nothing impressive about that."
Cyrus had a nagging feeling that Wynter didn't like him very much.
But today's events have indeed revealed many issues. The most concerning part was that it had been over ten minutes, yet neither his best friend nor the store manager, Bryson Griffin, had shown up yet!
Cyrus' expression grew even grimmer.
A sales assistant quietly whispered in Cyrus' ear, "Mr. Griffin is in the conference room on the fourth floor.
Cyrus turned and strode quickly toward the stairs.
As he reached the doorway, he could already hear the chatter from inside. One person had his legs crossed, and another was holding a cigarette. Both of them idly tapped away on their phones and made crude comments.
"This chick is really something. She has a big bust."
The other replied with laughter, "Let's invite her over for some fun."
Cyrus nervously glanced at Wynter. He was worried that she might overhear something inappropriate and report him when they returned home. After all, Cyrus wasn't like those guys.
But to Cyrus' surprise, Wynter was even calmer than he was. She cooly tilted his chin, signaling for him to open the door.
Cyrus did as Wynter suggested. He regained his usual demeanor before pushing the door open. "Is this how you guys do business? How do you expect to make money?"
"Who is it? What does it have to do with you whether I make money or not?" The speaker was none other than Benette Wray, Cyrus' best friend, but also someone sent by Kenton.
When Benette looked up and saw Cyrus, his hand holding the cigarette trembled slightly.
"Uh, Cyrus. No offense, man. I just lost a game and was pissed off. We just closed a deal, so the guys and I were just chilling. We were playing a game.
"Making money is important, but you also need to relax a bit, right?" Benette chuckled and put on his best innocent expression, appearing as harmless as possible.
Ilis gaze then shifted to Wynter, and his eyes narrowed. His lips curled up as he took in her appearance. He had never seen a girl this stunning yet fierce in Hawford.
His eyes gleamed with interest as he turned back to Cyrus. "Cyrus, is this your new girl? She's a real beauty!" Benette was practically falling over himself to flatter Cyrus.
Cyrus frowned at Benette's words. "She's my cousin. Wipe that disgusting look off your face!"
Cyrus quickly glanced over at Wynter right after speaking. He was relieved to see that she remained calm and composed, showing no signs of displeasure.
But those who knew Wynter well understood that the calmer she appeared, the more dangerous she became.
She had immediately suspected it was connected to the Blaise family when Benette mentioned that they
had just closed a deal.
Wynter put on the appearance of a sweet and friendly woman as she extended her hand. "Hi, I'm Cyrus' cousin. You must be Benette. Cyrus often talks about you.
"He's always saying how much you've helped him out in Hawford and how grateful he is of you for holding down the fort at the store so you both can make money together!"
Benette swiftly extended his arm and shook Wynter's hand "You're too kind! Cyrus is the real deal, not us. After all, he's the Whitman family's eldest son, and we rely on his connections.
"We'd be starving most of the time with others, but with Cyrus, it feels like we're always feasting!"
Cyrus felt nothing but a pang of disgust hearing these words. If he hadn't been informed of the Blaise family's situation by Wynter, he might have felt touched and thought that having these friends around him was a blessing.
But now, after knowing the truth, the only thing stopping him from snapping was Wynter's advice to take a more diplomatic approach and observe the situation before deciding on a course of action.
Wynter steered the conversation back. "Benette, you mentioned earlier that you just closed a deal. What kind of deal was it? Could you show me what it's about?"
###chapter1355
Chapter 1355 Turn the Tables
"It's nothing much. I have a connection from overseas. This time, we managed to bring in a new batch of goods with very high profit margins. They're all the latest trending items overseas and will arrive in a few days. We'll make a big profit."
Benette smiled at Cyrus as he spoke. "We owe it all to you, Cyrus. Our store can stock up on such great goods thanks to you."
Cyrus furrowed his brows. He had a nagging feeling that something was off about what Benette just said, but he couldn't quite pinpoint it.
Benette only dared to act this way because Cyrus had been studying overseas all this time, making him unfamiliar with how things worked domestically.
As for Wynter, Bennett didn't take her seriously at all. After all, what could a girl possibly know about this? But his smile froze the next second.
Wynter, who he had underestimated, was now looking at him with a mischievous, almost sinister expression. "So, which customs is this batch of goods going through?"
Benette hesitated before trying to explain.
Wynter casually played with her car keys. "The way you said it, it sounds like the goods might be illegal. But it seems that Cyrus will be the one taking responsibility for it if this is exposed."
Benette suddenly looked up in alarm, and even Bryson couldn't stay seated.
Benette quickly shook his hand when Cyrus glanced over. "That's not what I meant at all. It's just that some paperwork is missing, but the goods are all legal."
"Luxury goods with missing paperwork can be fatal. Cyrus isn't very perceptive about these things. But for someone who has been in the business this long, you're telling me you don't know?"
Wynter turned sideways with a sharp gaze. "Where did the goods come from? Will you tell me now, or should I have you explain it to the authorities in prison?"
Benette was dumbfounded. He never expected someone so seemingly harmless to suddenly change her demeanor and deduce so many accurate details from just a casual mention! His anxiety grew, and sweat began to bead on his forehead.
Bryson, who was sitting by the door, immediately tried to make a run for it. He didn't think Wynter could react fast enough.
However, as he was about to open the door, a pen flew past him. It embedded itself into the door handle, just an inch from Bryson's hand.
These men had never encountered such a situation before, and Bryson's legs went weak.
Wynter approached him before snatching his phone with a raised eyebrow. "Are you trying to inform someone of the situation?"
"Cyrus!" Benette's face turned pale. "It's just a misunderstanding! We're buddies, right? You need to do something about your cousin. Let's talk about it. The batch of goods-"
Cyrus didn't wait for him to finish before punching him.
"Have you really ever thought of me as your buddy? You planned to throw me under the bus and tricked me into investing from the very beginning. I took the store as a serious business.
"What about you? You don't even manage the employees. You were chilling upstairs, discussing pretty girls. I used to think you were just like this by nature, but now I realize what a fool I am!"
Cyrus had always wondered why Noah seemed to maintain a distance from Kenton. He had thought that since the Wray family and theirs were once so close, they must be on the same side.
But now, thanks to Wynter, Cyrus finally understood what the Wrays truly were.
This was far more effective than any lecture.
Cyrus just returned from abroad and had always been a privileged child. However, in just an hour, he finally realized the reason why the many buddies he had were always flattering him.
It wasn't because of his abilities or leadership skills. It was because he was Noah's son and the Whitman family's eldest child. They targeted him precisely because he was the weakest of the Whitmans!
###chapter1356
Chapter 1356 The Undefeatable Siblings Join Forces
Benette and Bryson were secretly brought away. Facing the sudden appearance of plain-clothes police officers, Cyrus had no time to think.
As soon as he got into the car, Wynter showed him videos from his so-called "buddy's" phone.
Cyrus was deeply disheartened. This lesson was enough to make him rethink his entire approach to life.
His phone kept ringing with calls from Tamia's side of the family. In the past, he would have answered and even begged Reuben for leniency on a distant relative's behalf. Now, he wanted nothing more than to block everyone and cut off all contact.
Cyrus had always believed that foreign corporate cultures were more free and powerful. Hence, he had never looked back to appreciate how rare and valuable it was for the Whitman family's business to have continued for a century.
It had managed to evolve through changing times without being swayed by external forces.
Cyrus clutched his head and gripped his hair in frustration.
Wynter had achieved what she wanted to teach Cyrus. The results were even better than she had expected.
Through the trap set on Cyrus by the Wrays, it was now possible for her to trace the connections to the hidden power behind the Wray family. She intended to root out whoever was behind them. No one would be spared!
Matters such as these were a piece of cake for the Special Unit.
The public opinion regarding the Blaise family was still being amplified. She took a quick glance at it. Once she decided it was about time, she made a sharp turn into the shooting set.
Cyrus was utterly confused as he watched Wynter drive into a shooting set. "Where is this? Is someone filming a movie? Why are we here?"
The set was clearly a large production. There were numerous MPVs, a crew of directors, and cameramen present, along with a few people eating takeout.
Cyrus didn't understand why they were there. That was, until a man with golden hair and a pair of black eyes, dressed in a mink coat, and with a handsome face adorned with gold-rimmed glasses, looked over at them. He truly exuded an irresistible charm.
Even Cyrus, who wasn't into celebrities, recognized him immediately. He was an international top idol and was always covered in luxury brands.
Cyrus' ex-girlfriend from when he was abroad was a huge fan of his. She was obsessed with him and would always praise Cascadian beauty as divine.
Cyrus remembered that not long ago, this man had also made a nationwide sensation on social media. It seemed like that man and Rowan were both...
Cyrus finally remembered and turned to look at Wynter.
Before Cyrus could say anything, the man had already opened the car door. His movements were both stylish and cool. Numerous crew members were moving around just to film him.
"Cyrus?" The man spoke before Cyrus, his voice pleasant to the ears. "You didn't change a single bit, still so easily surprised. Close that gaping mouth of yours. After all, you've at least studied abroad and have seen the world, haven't you?"
Cyrus just wanted to dig a hole to bury himself now.
He had been sent abroad too young, and with the subsequent lack of contact between the Whitman and Quinnell families, he had forgotten what Tobias' personality was like. If he had remembered, he would have regretted appearing here.
Tobias was the leader of the pack back in their childhood days. He was just slightly more restrained now as an idol.
But in front of his family, Tobias was as blunt and direct as ever. "I heard you got played."
Cyrus couldn't understand the point of Tobias' appearance at this moment.
"Sort out your emotions. I'll help you get them back." Tobias' words didn't sound like one that should be said by an idol.
Jacqueline was already growing worried. She glanced at Wynter as if wanting to say something, but Wynter simply lifted her gaze. "Tobias, remember to maintain your image as a celebrity."
At her words, Tobias instantly reverted to being the top idol known for his reserved demeanor and minimal words who dominated the screen solely with his face.
###chapter1357
Chapter 1357 Rise of Domestic Brands
Jacqueline gave Wynter a quick thumbs-up.
Wynter rested a hand casually outside the car window, looking like a CEO. "Ms. Jacqueline, could you please inform the film crew to assign a cameraman to us?"
Given that the request came from Wynter, the crew didn't hesitate at all. After all, they had a lot of cameramen if it was for her. In fact, several volunteered, eager for the mission.
Those in the entertainment industry knew that the last time Wynter got involved, the resulting content went viral. Although they didn't know what she had planned this time, they were certain it would be another hit! Hence, everyone wanted to be a part of it.
Jacqueline selected two of the most skilled cameramen from the group, along with a video production manager, to join Wynter.
"Thanks, everyone. I know filming can be tiring," Wynter said as she started the car while nodding to the film crew outside. "Ms. Jacqueline, please make sure everyone gets a generous reward."
The crew knew that Wynter was there to pick up Tobias. No one tried to stop them since they had already been informed in advance. Fortunately for the crew, Wynter didn't agree to Rowan's decision to tag along.
Whenever Wynter visited the set, the entire crew would not only get juices and fruits but also receive generous rewards. Who wouldn't love a sponsor like that?
"Ms. Quinnell, should I start filming now?" The cameraman seated in the car asked.
Wynter glanced at the rearview mirror. "Not now. Cyrus, use your phone to call Mr. Blaise."
At this point, it seemed that Cyrus' only role was to follow instructions. He had been brought here in confusion and was now being taken away in the same state of bewilderment.
The call connected quickly.
Orson, who had been anxiously going through his phone, was overwhelmed by the flood of negative comments. People were accusing his company of being unethical and criticizing his employees for being cold and unresponsive.
He had tried to explain multiple times that some of his workers were deaf or mute and might not have heard the questions asked during the secret inspection.
However, the comment sections remained relentless. They accused him of lying and creating a false persona.
Orson initially had no idea what creating a false persona even meant until his son explained it to him.
Now, feeling utterly disheartened, Orson's voice was hoarse as he answered the phone, "Ms. Quinnell, please help me think of a way.
"It doesn't matter what happens to the factory. But the old employees... Please, see if you can find work for them. If the factory shuts down, they..."
Orson choked up slightly. He took a deep breath before continuing, "I can accept bankruptcy."
"Mr. Blasie, I'll be at the factory in half an hour. The other party did a secret inspection, but we'll be transparent. You don't need to do anything. Just continue working as usual."
Wynter's voice was steady as she continued, "Trust me, the public opinion will change soon. I'm going to use this media storm to show everyone that our domestic brands are no worse than imported ones.
"Applesauce is irreplaceable. Mr. Blaise, wait for me."
Orson didn't know why he felt a sense of calm despite his anxiety after hearing Wynter's words. Despite her young age, Wynter had voiced something he had always wanted to achieve.
Domestic brands were no worse than imported ones. This had always been Orson's mantra when he first started. He was driven by passion and a goal to succeed.
People of Cascadia had relied on his applesauce, especially in the early years when there was hardly any chocolate or juice available domestically.
Orson was the happiest back then because people felt joyful when they ate his applesauce. When some children were sick and had no appetite, applesauce was what they went for.
Hence, he always told his employees not to be careless with the product and to ensure that every person who ate it felt a sense of happiness.
But over time, this sense of happiness became a mere bubble. It had seemingly gone out of sync with the rapid developments of the present.
###chapter1358
Chapter 1358 Time For Retribution
Applesauce was too cheap and lacked prestige. They couldn't even get the chance to catch the public's attention.
Orson had reflected on himself. He was old and felt anxious that he was unable to keep up. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't learn quickly enough.
He often had people telling him to give in to his age and not cling to old ways. With that many ice cream and juice shops around, children no longer cared for applesauce.
Orson admitted this and had tried to switch careers. But now, someone told him to wait a little longer and that there was still a chance.
Orson suddenly felt that everything was worth it. No matter if the factory could continue operating or not, even if it was the last day or the last batch of products, they would make sure to do it right!
Orson personally went to the factory himself after he hung up the phone. He didn't know what Wynter was planning and just focused on his daily tasks.
These daily routines were precisely what Wynter wanted. Her previous restraint was because the situation hadn't reached its peak yet. Now, with a single message, the Quinnell group's most powerful PR team sprang into action.
Having gained experience from past incidents, they wasted no time. They confronted the situation head- on, issuing a legal notice to those who edited and posted the videos.
Kenton indeed overlooked one thing. No company had a network of supporters as the Quinnell family did, and theirs was deeply rooted. The public hadn't forgotten the time when the Quinnells welcomed the heroic spirit home.
The Quinnell Group represented the Blaise family as they posed three pointed questions to those who edited and spread the rumors.
"What kind of malicious intent motivates someone to secretly investigate someone who couldn't speak?" "In the video, you laughed so mockingly and disdainfully about local products. Are you proud of that?" "Who is behind you?"
Each question sparked new debates, gaining significant traction.
Kenton was confident in his position. With his resources, he believed he could control everything.
It would be easy for him to pay for a trending topic. He was sure no one would be able to track down the original video, and he doubted that members of the Wray family would betray each other.
Kenton was still immersed in the excitement of discovering that Yvette was reincarnated when the Quinnell Group sent out the legal notice. He had already begun contacting the relevant departments.
To be blunt, acquiring a piece of land was a breeze for him. However, he still had to go through some formalities.
Hence, at that moment, Kenton was busy entertaining so-called clients and hadn't noticed the online backlash. After all, from his perspective, the Blaise family was already beyond saving.
It was the same strategy he used to swallow up those long-standing enterprises.
Those old-timers couldn't keep up with the times and yet still stubbornly opposed him. They had refused to let him become the Chamber of Commerce's president. So, naturally, Kenton decided to teach them a
lesson.
Originally, Kenton had used this tactic to help overseas brands establish a foothold. Even if the truth came out, it would ultimately be the Whitmans who had to take the blame for the fiasco. Hence, he wasn't worried. No one could outthink him in this regard.
Even if the Blaise family truly fell apart, the blame would end up on the Whitmans. At that point, he'd just watch them tear each other apart.
Kenton was indeed a cunning person. He could easily trick those who weren't cautious enough.
Unfortunately for him, he was up against Wynter. His so-called backup plans had already been nipped in the bud.
What was left now was only retribution, and this scene was initiated by the Quinnell family.
When Tobias' face appeared with a splash of beauty filters, it immediately became a trending topic.
Kenton's audacity stemmed from the fact that the Blaise family was an old brand with little appeal to younger audiences.
It was indeed true. Initially, young people wouldn't come across these issues due to their information bubbles. But Tobias, a top-tier celebrity, was here precisely to pop these bubbles!
###chapter1359
Chapter 1359 Not Fair 
Tobias had made an appearance without any warning. Not to mention, it was in the form of a live broadcast. 
Anyone who followed a celebrity would know that top–tier ones practically disappeared from the public eye once they joined a set. There was no chance for fans to see them. 
This was because the hype would be even greater when they finally returned to the screen. After all, the fans would have waited for too long by then. 
There was no need for any hashtag campaigns or trending topics. Fans had already done their part. Some were so bored they resorted to rewatching old TV shows and joked that their babe had gone missing. Hence, no matter what he was doing, the comment section exploded instantly just from seeing his face. The fans only started noticing something was off after their screams. 
“Wait, this doesn’t look like a film set. He looks like he’s in the countryside.” 
“Did the director let you out? This is wild.” 
“Babe! Look over here! OMG! Everyone, check out his new look!” 
“I took a screenshot. He looks amazing!” 
“Wait… why is he in a car?” 
Questions flooded in. Tobias brought his phone closer to him and said with a smile in his voice, “I just took on a new endorsement. I wanted to show you guys.” 
“Endorsement?” The fans were a bit puzzled. The setting didn’t look like the typical location where Tobias, would do an endorsement. After all, the brands he usually represented were luxury labels. 
Tobias couldn’t resist bragging a little about Wynter. “My sister took up this endorsement for me, and I think it’s great. I used to eat their stuff all the time when I was a kid. So, I decided to visit the factory and meet the manager.” 
How could fans not be excited when he put it this way? With Tobias trending, not only would his fans flock to the livestream, but both those who had seen and those who had missed the buzz would join as well. 
The person responsible for the factory’s operations was stunned. In all the time he had been with the company, he had never seen over ten thousand viewers on their livestream. The numbers were still climbing at an incredible pace. 
Charlotte Hart, who was hosting the livestream, was caught off guard. She instinctively covered her. mouth in surprise. 
After all, their livestreams were usually very simple. It was done in the factory to make it easier to handle 
orders. 
Charlotte had been determined to hold on, She remained working at the factory because she wanted people to see that their products were genuinely good. 
No one listened to her explanations after the 
2umors spread online. Even her parents wanted her to 
pursue a different path, believing that staying at the factory would lead to a dead end. 
But she refused to leave because the longer she worked there, the more she understood what kind of 
person Orson was and what he was trying to achieve. 
Orson wanted to create high–quality products and build a national brand while providing employment opportunities for those in need. 
After the incident, Orson tried to take all the blame upon himself, but he had never done anything wrong. He had sacrificed everything for the factory and would even give his life. 
Charlotte couldn’t understand why he had to be treated so unfairly. She had been at the factory for two years and knew just how strict the quality control was 
As a livestream host who dared to broadcast from the factory, she was fully aware of how unjustly the factory had been treated, especially after that malicious secret inspection. 
They had deliberately targeted Maxwell Val and bombarded him with questions. 
Maxwell wasn’t actually angry. When a deaf–mute person couldn’t understand what others were saying, they often became anxious and expressed their emotions intensely through body language. 
It was precisely due to that short clip that Maxwell was attacked to the point he didn’t know what to do. He was more concerned about causing trouble for the factory than he was worried about himself. 
Maxwell kept asking Charlotte if he should apologize to everyone. The complex emotions made Charlotte feel like she was on the verge of breaking down. 
###chapter1360
Chapter 1360 Slander 
Charlotte desperately wanted to ask those who were attacking them in the livestream what exactly had their factory done wrong. 
But she couldn’t ask. She knew that if she did, the few customers who still brought their products might turn away, too. 
In fact, Charlotte thought it was just another wave of criticism when so many people started joining the livestream. 
But her eyes were finally focused when the comments started pouring in. They weren’t attacking the factory but were asking for something else. 
“Miss, what’s the new ambassador’s favorite product? Why isn’t it available in the link?” 
Ambassador? Charlotte was momentarily lost. 
“I really want to buy it! Hurry up and add the link! I’m afraid it will sell out!” 
“Ladies, I just checked. There are only a few hundred pieces in stock for each item. It’s time to test our speed again. Please notice me! I want the mystery box!” 
Charlotte finally found her voice again as she looked through the live comments. “Guys, is there some kind of misunderstanding?” 
Orson had considered using brand ambassadors to boost their visibility, but the response was the same every time. The products didn’t align with the celebrities‘ images. 
Charlotte didn’t understand what that meant until a friend of hers in the entertainment industry explained, “Basically, they think your products aren’t high–end enough. You have to realize that if a celebrity endorses a brand that’s too low–tier, it can hurt their career.” 
She had wanted to argue at that time that their products were not low–end. But did it matter? The perception was already set. 
With so many people flooding in and claiming that they had an ambassador, Charlotte hesitated to confirm it right away. She looked up to check with the operation team, only to find that they were nowhere to be seen. 
The comments kept rolling in. 
“Miss, there’s no misunderstanding. Your ambassador is literally in your factory.” 
“If my estimation is correct, he’ll be in your livestream room in about seven to eight minutes.” 
Wynter’s approach had always been unique. Even the cameraman following her around found it intriguing. It felt like a mix between a livestream and a TV show. 
Wynter’s car arriving at the factory was striking in itself. The stark contrast between the sleek, modern vehicle and the old factory set up a visually captivating scene. The fusion of contemporary and classic elements created an oddly satisfying spectacle. 
Aside from Tobias himself, there was only Wynter’s silhouette and Cyrus‘ face in the footage. 
The cameraman was aware that Wynter preferred staying behind the scenes. Hence, he made an effort to avoid capturing her face. 
However, Wynter’s fans were relentless. They were practically screaming in the livestream for a glimpse of her. Seeing the comments, Wynter adjusted her angle. 
Chapte 1960 Slander 
212 
Wynter and Tobias tooked like CEOs coming out for a stroll on the streets, exuding an unmatched 
charisma. 
As they walked through the factory, everything was impeccably clean inside. 
Maxwell, who was driving a small cart carrying goods, quickly stopped when he saw someone approaching. 
Wynter spoke up, “Hello. I’d like to know how to get to the factory’s livestreaming room.” 
Maxwell was visibly worried about being misunderstood. He first pointed at his ear and then to his mouth before gesturing vehemently with his hands. 
“Does this mean he can’t hear?” 
“Are the workers at this factory deaf–mute?” 
“It seems so. When I first entered the livestream, someone mentioned that their products were poor and that the workers pretended to be deaf–mute when they made mistakes.” 
“How is this possible to fake? Who wouldn’t want to speak if they could?” 
“I have a feeling that this factory is being slandered!” 
While the fans were discussing in the livestream, Tobias raised his hand and used sign language, Though he wasn’t very fluent, it was accurate. 
###chapter1361
Chapter 1361 Redemption 
Maxwell breathed a sigh of relief and replied with sign language. 
People watching the livestream were completely puzzled. 
“Can someone explain what that means? I had no idea my idol knew sign language! How versatile is he?” 
“Hi, I’m also deaf. Tobias asked for directions to the factory’s livestream room. The man guided him to take a right and offered to show them personally. He even asked if they were the media here for an interview and said he could apologize to everyone.” “Apologize? For what?” 
“I know this! I just caught up on that drama! A media person did a secret inspection before and asked that same man questions. That man was signaling urgently, which was misinterpreted as him being rude and telling them to leave.” 
“What the fuck? That was definitely a setup! 
“The video was edited and had some background music. It indeed made it look like he was impatient.” 
“This isn’t fair to the deaf–mute community. Do people have a conscience?” 
If initially, these young viewers had come to see Tobias, their focus had now shifted. No one should ever bully vulnerable communities. It was a fundamental principle of decency. 
This was especially true for media professionals. They shouldn’t maliciously incite public outrage against a deaf–mute person. Therefore, when this issue was brought to the public’s attention, the media outlet that posted the video was immediately swarmed with backlash. 
“Why did you post it like this?” 
“I just checked. Everyone, this isn’t a private media account.” 
It turned out to be posted by a local environmental management account. Not only was the person who posted the video bombarded, but even the official large account was dug up by the people online. 
Everyone realized this wasn’t just a simple online attack. The real goal was to take down the factory by targeting a deaf person. Instantly, the narrative began to shift. 
Adding to the situation, Tobia had already entered the factory. Everywhere the 
Chapter 1361 Redemption 
camera turned, the production process was completely transparent. 
Charlotte, who was still introducing the products, dropped the applesauce in her hand when she saw Tobias. 
Anyone who watched TV shows knew Tobias. As a top celebrity and massive star, his every move generated immense buzz. If he wore a pair of shoes, their prices would skyrocket the next day. 
So, Charlotte could hardly believe that the person walking in was Tobias. 
People were indeed flooding the comments with mentions of an ambassador, but no one said who it was. She couldn’t search for more details either since live hosts were restricted from leaving their livestreams, and her phone was with the operation team. 
Tobias approached and greeted her, “Hello.” 
Charlotte was so overwhelmed that she covered her mouth and couldn’t stop the tears from streaming down her face. 
“Are you the ambassador of our factory?” Charlotte asked, still in disbelief and fear. 
When Tobias nodded in confirmation, Charlotte couldn’t hold back any longer. Her voice cracked with emotions as she shouted in joy, “We have an ambassador for our factory now! Mr. Val, Mr. Finch! We finally have an ambassador for our factory!” 
Only those who had experienced the depths of hardship truly understood the redemption of this moment. 
The employees paused their work. Some of them didn’t even fully grasp what Charlotte meant by ambassador. Despite their age or other limitations, their primary focus had always been on diligently making the products in their hands. 
Now, hearing the rare young voice from their factory calling out with such emotions, everyone turned to look. 
###chapter1362
Chapter 1362 Responsibility 
Wynter hadn’t shared her exact plans with Orson beforehand as she wanted to showcase the long–standing factory’s genuine nature. 
Hence, Orson was among the employees, focused on packaging and taking notes. He was completely unaware of the online developments yet. 
As soon as he handed the notebook to his assistant, Alexander Silva from the livestream operation team came rushing over. 
“Mr. Blaise! Ms. Quinnel is here! She brought a superstar with her and said he is our new ambassador! And the number of viewers in the livestream has… has broken a million! W–We’re finally getting seen! 
“They are not here to criticize. People are asking which product is the tastiest. A million… a million viewers! They are all supporting us!” 
Alexander cried so hard that he had to remove his glasses. He clung tightly to Orson’s sleeve. 
After years of effort, they had tried everything to gain recognition. They wrote scripts, filmed skits–whatever it took to make people remember their factory and its applesauce. They were willing to do anything, but no one ever came. 
Before, there was finally an increase in the number of people. However, they came due to the maliciously edited videos. 
Alexander was barely holding on and had started to believe that good deeds were never rewarded. 
But now, Wynter arrived and brought a glimmer of hope! 
Orson was stunned. He knew who the superstar was, but he hadn’t expected Wynter to bring him here directly. 
Every product was already sold out. Yet, as Orson scrolled through the live chat comments, people were still urging them to restock. 
After a moment of stock, Orson looked at Alexander and then firmly grasped his hand. “Come with me to meet Ms, Quinnell! 
“Okay!” Alexander replied enthusiastically. 
At this moment, the viewers in the livestream began to realize something. 
“Don’t tell me no one in the factory knew the ambassador was coming.” 
Chapter 1362 Responsibility 
“From the look on the host’s face, it seems like she genuinely didn’t know who the 
ambassador was.” 
“I’ve been watching closely. The factory seems old, but the production line is incredibly clean.” 
“I’ve checked on the recent controversy. Everyone, this is a domestic brand. I asked my mom, and she said she loved their applesauce when she was a kid.” 
“Yup! I asked, too. My mom said it’s good for your health, especially when you’re sick.” 
“I heard they were about to go bankrupt.” 
“Why would such a good factory go bankrupt?” 
“It’s because there aren’t enough consumers, yet the factory has high standards. I estimated the costs and revenues, and it’s hard to break even. The factory director didn’t have enough for some areas. It’s bound to lose money.” 
It was a cruel fact. 
“Wtf? Who said no one eats this? I do! I just saw the previous comments, and my heart aches for this factory! It’s not outdated at all!” 
“I’m going to buy their products right now!” 
“It’s not just this! There were a lot of other slanders, too! It’s all premeditated.” 
“This factory has been helping disabled people get jobs for a long time. The factory director has done a lot. He even takes in every local fruit that’s been struggling to sell. Do you guys understand the implications?” 
“This has always been one of our country’s long–standing domestic brands.” 
“Why would anyone be spreading rumors about their products being faulty?” 
“The rumors are made by the competitors!” 
In an instant, public sentiment shifted dramatically. 
With the Quinnell Group having exposed the masterminds behind the schemes, people knew who exactly to target. 
The situation demanded accountability. Someone had to take responsibility! 
###chapter1363
Chapter 1363 Facade of Integrity 
Meanwhile, several companies associated with the Wray family tried to contact Kenton. They made call after call but couldn’t reach him. 
This was because, at that moment, Kenton was still entertaining guests at a private 
club. 
The club’s decorations were exquisitely refined. There were bridges gracefully spanning over tranquil streams, calligraphy and paintings adorning the walls, and pianists hired specifically for the piano. Even the wine was served in crystal wine glasses. 
The pianists were unable to see the customers in the private room as the dining area was designed with the utmost privacy in mind. 
Those who were able to dine here rarely mentioned their identities. They dined on gourmet dishes, drank exclusive wine, and dressed in discreet clothing. 
They could never outmatch Kenton in terms of wealth. But the authority they held was something Kenton could only dream of. Even if they didn’t hold immense power, having just the right leverage was enough for Kenton to achieve his goals. 
The assistant standing next to Kenton began to pour drinks for the three guests. Just as he was about to speak, one of the guests blocked his hand from pouring the 
wine. 
The guest turned his gaze toward Kenton and said in a calm and measured tone, Mr. Wray, that situation shouldn’t have happened.” 
He didn’t specify what the situation was, but everyone understood the implication. The incident at Club Solstice was bound to involve them. 
Kenton had previously guaranteed with utmost confidence that there would be no problems. Now, the case was almost entirely sealed off. Even they couldn’t gather any information about it. 
“Does the Wray family have plans to deal with this situation?” another guest asked. It’s not looking good for the district.” 
Their language was polished and cautious. They were careful not to incriminate themselves, even maintaining a facade of integrity. 
“Mr. Wray, you should know that we are firmly against anything that contradicts societal values.” 
” 
Chapter 1363 Facade of integrity 
Kenton was a perceptive man. There was no way he didn’t understand their underlying concern. After all, these three individuals shared a common leverage he held over them. 
“Don’t worry, my old friends. Since when has the Wray family messed up?” Kenton pointed up as he spoke. “That guy is well aware. The buzz about Club Solstice’s incident will die down quickly. It will all blow over soon.” 
The three exchanged glances, and nodded in agreement. 
One of them, however, was more cautious. “We shouldn’t be too complacent. This situation feels unusually secretive.” 
“Alright, I’ll have someone keep an eye on it.” Kenton wasn’t worried about further complications. 
Vanessa’s family had already received compensation and signed an agreement. What could go wrong? With the matter barely being discussed online, Kenton was confident that Club Solstice would be back to normal operation in no time. 
The three decided not to pursue the topic any further. 
Kenton tactfully pushed his wine glass forward. Besides the wine glass, there was also a long rectangular cigarette box. 
“I remember you mentioned last time that you prefer this cigarette brand. I brought some for you this time. Take a look and see if they’re to your liking. 
“And Hawke, I know your liver’s not in its best condition. I had someone bring this from Eldermire Peak for you. Take a look.” 
Kenton had prepared something appropriate for all three of them. Each item in the boxes revealed that things were not as simple as Kenton had implied. The true value of each item was not as straightforward as it seemed. 
Some were pleased and raised an eyebrow with a smile. “You really know how to please, Mr. Wray. I like this.” 
“You can check it out when you get home,” Kenton said with a meaningful tone. He clicked his crystal wine glass with theirs. “So, about that matter I mentioned…” 
One of the three put his wine glass down. I have to admit, Mr. Wray, your sources are indeed reliable. The documents have just arrived, and no final decision has been made yet, but it’s almost certain.” 
Chapter 1364 The Beginning of the End 
###chapter1364
Chapter 1364 The Beginning of the End 
“últimately, it depends on which side we’re closer to.” 
The guest’s words caused Kenton’s eyes to light up in an instant. 
Kenton now truly believed in Yvette’s words. She must really have been reborn. Otherwise, there was no way she could have known about such important plans in advance. Even he wouldn’t have found out about these things until much later. 
Kenton could barely hide his excitement and quickly gave his assistant a knowing glance. The assistant, holding a plain cardboard box, placed it on the table casually. 
The three guests couldn’t help but glance over at the box. They were aware of what was inside. After all, this wasn’t their first time. 
“As usual, I’ll be counting on you three for this matter,” Kenton said. 
One of them replied noncommittally, “Entrepreneurs like you are exactly what our district needs. Don’t worry.” 
The three of them left the club after they finished their wine and meal. However, none of them headed home. Instead, their cars drove off somewhere else, each accompanied by a beautiful woman. 
Kenton clearly knew their preferences. However, there was a deeper message behind his arrangements. It was a reminder that he still held their leverage in his hands. 
From their perspectives, the best outcome would be for Club Solstice to never reopen. They would only be absolutely safe with the case permanently sealed away. 
After all, it was because of Club Solstice that they each found themselves entangled in the mess. If Club Solstice were to disappear and quietly shut down, perhaps their doings would never resurface. 
Of course, that was what they hoped for, but Kenton would never allow Club Solstice to truly go under. He was determined to reopen it. It wasn’t just because of the money involved, but also the influence and women that came with it. 
After finalizing the deal with the three guests, Kenton immediately called the venture capital team. 
He instructed them to start buying large quantities of TrueBuild Holdings shares starting tomorrow. He ordered them to buy them without hesitation, even if there were fluctuations. 
Chapter 1364 The Beginning of the End 
Despite not fully understanding Kenton’s decisions, the venture capital team respected his decision. But they knew that Yvette had an uncanny knack for predicting stocks. She didn’t even need the team as her every pick seemed to hit the mark! 
After hanging up the phone, Kenton started daydreaming about a future where he could just stay home and count his money. By then, even if the Whitmans and Quinnells joined forces, they would still be beneath him! 
The Blaise family was merely the first “gift” Kenton was sending the Whitmans. Soon, Taylor would realize that this was the lightest of all the gifts. Every step that followed would be deadly! 
Kenton could hardly wait for Taylor to come begging for his help on the Whitmans‘ behalf. 
Kenton raised his hand and was just about to bring the glass to his lips when a loud knocking came at the door. 
Kenton’s face showed displeasure. “What’s the matter? Why are you so flustered? Can’t you be a bit more composed?” 
“Mr. Wray, there’s bad news. Do you remember how we’ve been suppressing the Blaise family’s applesauce factory? Tobias just announced he’s endorsing it! We don’t know why, but the public opinion we manipulated was instantly drowned out!” 
The red wine, which had just reached Kenton’s lips, suddenly lost its appeal. “What? Didn’t I make it clear to the entertainment industry? Anyone who endorses the Blaise family is my enemy! 
“And Tobias has never endorsed anything before. How did he suddenly become an applesauce factory’s ambassador?” 
“I’m not sure. All I know is that Tobias is already on the way to the applesauce factory, and they’re broadcasting the entire journey live! Our online strategy has been completely undermined.” 
###chapter1365
Chapter 1365 Icing on the Cake 
Kenton frowned deeply. 
This matter was something he had meticulously planned himself. From not being able to find an ambassador to using online influencers for public pressure, and even editing videos to set the narrative. 
Everything was aimed at bringing the Blaise family down to their lowest point. 
Kenton’s goal was to force them into bankruptcy and then acquire their assets at a bargain price. 
He had anticipated the Blaise family to cry foul online but didn’t believe they had real recourse. After all, they lacked a sophisticated online presence. 
any 
Besides, he had never seen anyone successfully clear their name after being smeared online. How could a celebrity’s involvement suddenly change everything? 
Wait! Something wasn’t right. A celebrity? 
In an instant, something clicked in Kenton’s mind. “What did ambassador’s name was?” 
you say that 
“Tobias! I think he’s a top–tier celebrity! Some of our associated companies are already getting bombarded by people ontine. They are accusing us of deliberately smearing domestic brands!” 
“Tobias?” Kenton shot up from his seat instantly. It was clearly Tobias Quinnell! 
Kenton clenched his jaw so hard he could feel the pain. “How could I have forgotten about this? Tobias and the Quinnells! I underestimated Wynter! I can’t believe she pulled this off!” 
Wynter had been sabotaging all of Kenton’s plans ever since she arrived in Hawford. She was involved in everything, whether it was in the Chamber of Commerce or various other matters. 
Kenton had dismissed her schemes as mere tricks, but she actually had the foresight of bringing Tobias in to draw attention! 
She wasn’t as simple as Kenton had initially thought. Her victory at the Chamber of Commerce wasn’t a fluke but was part of a thought–out plan from the start! 
Realizing this, Kenton’s face darkened instantly. He smashed the wine glass in his hand on the ground. 
“Go to 
that applesauce factory immediately. You know what needs to be done, but 
Chapter 1365 Icing on the Cake 
make sure no one gets hurt. 
212 
“After all, Tobias is a major celebrity both domestically and internationally. His every move could be blown out of proportion. Take some smart people with you.” 
“It’s not about the factory anymore, Mr. Wray. The real problem is that our partner companies are getting swarmed.” The messenger was visibly anxious. “There are too many posts, and we can’t delete them fast enough. I’m worried this could cause problems. 
“And some people are digging up dirt on our group. If any of the past incidents come to light, I’m afraid…” 
The messenger trailed off, but Kenton understood exactly what he meant. Kenton waved him off and turned on Tobias‘ live stream. In the frame, just to the left, was 
Wynter. 
Kenton clenched his fists tightly. “I knew it was you, Wynter. Time and time again, you’ve ruined my plans. 
“originally intended to take my time with the Whitmans. But since you’re playing the game this way, I’ll make sure their downfall comes sooner than expected. Let’s see how you’ll handle the storm when it hits.” 
In Kenton’s plan, the strategy was to slowly devour these small and medium–sized enterprises. With the difficulties of running a physical business, any malicious “icing on the cake” would make survival nearly impossible. 
Most of the companies he had previously acquired fell victim to this tactic. 
They were smeared, pressured by public opinion, and crippled by fabricated accusations, leaving them with no way to defend themselves. This allowed Kenton to buy them out at a bargain price which steadily elevated his status. 
The Blaise family’s business was already within his grasp, but now his plan had been abruptly disrupted. 
Kenton was so furious he could almost envision killing Wynter. Her interference had forced him to alter several of his plans on the spot. 
He quickly took out his phone, sent a message, and then walked over to the window. 
###chapter1366
Chapter 1366 Once Again 
Kenton clenched his fists tightly. “I knew it was you, Wynter. Time and time again, you’ve ruined my plans. 
“I originally intended to take my time with the Whitmans. But since you’re playing the game this way, I’ll make sure their downfall comes sooner than expected. Let’s see how you’ll handle the storm when it hits.” 
In Kenton’s plan, the strategy was to slowly devour these small and medium–sized enterprises. With the difficulties of running a physical business, any malicious “icing on the cake” would make survival nearly impossible. 
Most of the companies he had previously acquired fell victim to this tactic. 
They were smeared, pressured by public opinion, and crippled by fabricated accusations, leaving them with no way to defend themselves. This allowed Kenton to buy them out at a bargain price which steadily elevated his status. 
The Blaise family’s business was already within his grasp, but now his plan had been abruptly disrupted. 
Kenton was so furious he could almost envision killing Wynter. Her interference had forced him to alter several of his plans on the spot. [1] 
He quickly took out his phone, sent a message, and then walked over to the window. 
It was evident that Tobias‘ attitude caught Orson off guard. He was left somewhat at a loss. 
For the past five years, the Blaise family’s presence had been steadily declining, and few truly respected them. In order to secure promotional resources, Orson had to lower his stance to approach others and ask for favors. 
Orson knew about Tobias as his granddaughter was a fan of his. He remembered her granddaughter enthusiastically telling him that people would definitely start buying their applesauce if he could get Tobias to go to their factory. 
His granddaughter was still young and didn’t understand the complicated world of the adults. Even a minor celebrity wouldn’t consider coming, given the current state of the Blaise family, let alone a top–tier celebrity that young people raved about. 
Orson opened his mouth slightly before quickly grasping Tobias‘ hand. 
This gesture reminded Tobias of the past. The Orson he remembered from his childhood wasn’t like this. 
Chapter 1366 Once Again 
Back then, Orson was full of vigor. He would occasionally visit Fabian for a game of chess and proudly announced that he had secured another piece of land, ensuring that the old workers could return to their jobs. 
Though Tobias wasn’t into business, he deeply admired the older generation of entrepreneurs who shared the same values as Fabian. He knew that having such vision and magnanimity was no small feat. 
But Tobias felt a pang of sadness as he watched Orson now. His every gesture was filled with an air of humility. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter1367
Chapter 1367 Protecting Our Long–Standing Brands 
Tobias couldn’t help but wonder if Fabian would also have to tread so cautiously when interacting with others if the Quinnell family ever fell into decline. 
Tobias felt a sudden lump in his throat as he remembered the time when Fabian nearly lost control of the family business. He suppressed the sudden surge of that welled up inside him. 
anger 
He couldn’t help but speak up despite knowing that he should remain silent, “My grandfather once taught me that staying true to your principles in the food industry is one of the hardest things to do. But Mr. Blaise, you’ve never wavered all these 
years. 
“Even the employees in your factory are the same people. You’ve always made sure to reserve half the jobs for those in need. A person like you, and a brand like yours, shouldn’t be misunderstood.” 
Wynter was somewhat surprised at Tobias‘ words. He hadn’t expected him to speak so passionately. It seemed that visiting the factory had struck a chord with him. 
Wynter couldn’t help but wonder if Tobias was now more determined to do more than just be an ambassador and actually fight for justice for the Blaise family. 
As for Cyrus, he remained silent throughout. It was as if he had many questions but knew he couldn’t speak out of turn during the livestream. 
Yet, Wynter could clearly sense the rage radiating off him. After all, he had quietly asked her earlier, “Was all this done by the Wray family?” 
It was evident he had grown. 
The livestream was now buzzing with excitement. 
“Tobias is right! We need to keep this kind of brand alive!” 
“I’m so touched. It turns out the brand isn’t failing to attract young people. They have just been providing jobs for the elderly and disabled all along.” 
“I just saw their hiring info, and it’s true. I’m crying! Who’s spreading these dirty rumors about them? The apples, looked so fresh I wanted to take a bite!” 
“They are still thinking of helping others even when they’re struggling, I expected no less from our domestic brand!” 
“But didn’t someone just say they’re going bankrupt?” 
Chapter 1367 Protecting Our Long–Standing Brands 
“A brand with such integrity going bankrupt? 
“These days, every industry seems to be try applesauce company with no additives or it’s going to close?” 
“It’s not going bankrupt with us here!” 
“Everyone, let’s rally!” 
6 
Chapter 1367 Protecting Our Long Standing Brands 
“A brand with such integrity going bankrupt?” 
“These days, every industry seems to be trying to screw me over. Finally, a genuine applesauce company with no additives or colorings appears, and you’re telling me it’s going to close?” 
“It’s not going bankrupt with us here!” “Everyone, let’s rally!” 
###chapter1368
Chapter 1368 Do Not Look Down on Youngsters 
The people’s so–called rallies weren’t as simple as just purchasing the goods. The products in the livestream had already been sold out long ago. 
What they wanted was to make sure more people knew that such an outstanding domestic brand was being unjustly targeted and slandered by unknown competitors. 
Claims of poor quality, unsanitary conditions in the factory, or that the employees were rude, were all baseless lies. They were determined to reveal the truth and clear the brand’s name! 
The power of the younger generation’s online influence was unmatched. Many content creators and independent media accounts voluntarily made videos. The information spread rapidly, from one to ten, ten to hundreds, and hundreds to millions. 
The official TikTok account of Oakwood District’s local department, which was involved in the secret inspection, had already been forced to shut down its comment section out of fear. However, countless people were still tagging them in posts. 
“As Oakwood District’s administrative department, shouldn’t you review your posts before publishing them?” 
“Who was behind the secret inspection? Who benefited from sending her there?” 
“You’re just going to bully employees with disabilities, huh?” 
“You’re living off taxpayers‘ money but not doing your job properly. Answer my question. How exactly is this factory unhygienic?” 
“Instead of going after those who actually engage in fraud, you come after a legitimate food factory that’s doing real work. There’s definitely something shady going on here!” 
“That’s it! I’m filing an official complaint right now! Don’t you play dumb with me!” 
The more they learned about Orson, the more furious the people became. Entrepreneurs with a good conscience like him were the ones who got crushed by such schemes. And to top things off, it was their domestic brand that was getting slandered! 
The people were not letting this slide easily no matter what. They were determined to receive a clear explanation for this situation. 
A renowned foreign sociologist once observed that there was a reason why one 
Chapter 1368 Do Not Look Down on Youngsters 
should not awaken Cascadia’s sleeping giant, and why its youth should never be 
underestimated. 
These young people, perceived as indifferent, often spent their time online either lying low or chasing after bargains. However, when crossed, they displayed an unexpected and formidable unity. 
272 
An invisible force seemed to draw them together. It was a force that, at first, eluded the sociologist’s understanding. It was only later that he found a word for it- patriotism. 
“I dare anyone to try bringing our long–standing domestic brand down!” It was a force so unstoppable. It felt like nothing could stand in its way. 
Since earlier, Alden Thorne, the official in charge at Oakwood District, had been sweating profusely. He knew better than anyone that he was most likely facing his doom. He hadn’t anticipated such a massive blunder. 
His higher–ups had already made it clear that he needed to explain the situation immediately. How could he possibly account for this? Was he supposed to admit that he had assigned a trainee to handle the Blaise family’s case because he had received favors from the Wray family? 
C 
Alden felt like the unluckiest person right now. He continuously dialed Kenton’s number and hoped that this matter would end there and not escalate further. Of course, he was also prepared for the fact that the trainee excuse would no longer hold any credibility. 
However, Alden believed that with the Wray family’s influence, they could turn this into reality. If not, no one would come out of this situation unscathed if he got dismissed from his position. 
Kenton listened to the call as he clenched his fists tightly. “Mr. Thorne, calm down. It’s not gone to that extent yet. I told you, just prepare a clear explanation since they haven’t taken you away yet. 
“You should know better than I do how internal investigations work. Mr. Thorne, your courage still seems the same as it was back then despite everything that’s happened. 
Alden wiped his sweat and said in a low voice, “Of course you’re not afraid as you’re not the one directly involved. 
“Do you 
have any idea how bad things have gotten? I don’t even dare to leave the house. Those meddlesome people online are about to dig up the connection between us!” 
###chapter1369
Chapter 1369 In a Tight Spot
"The connection between us? Mr. Thorne, you're mistaken again. We don't have any connections, except that we've met at conferences because I'm a philanthropist."
Kenton tightened his grip on the phone as he continued, "Mr. Thorne, let me remind you. Your words may not affect me, but if 'that person' overhears, it could turn into a much bigger problem. Don't you think so?
At the mention of "that person", Alden visibly cowered, yet at the same time, he felt reassured.
With "that person" in the picture, he had nothing to be afraid of. No matter how big the issue, they could handle it.
However, there was one thing Alden couldn't understand. "How did the Blaise family manage to revive in such dire straits? Was it just a coincidence, or does that lady the Quinnell family brought back really have some abilities?"
In the past, this would never have happened. He had worked with the Wray family more than once before. However, this time, just because of some celebrity, the people online had gone crazy, completely disregarding everything and even daring to cause trouble at their place!
Alden couldn't make sense of it. In fact, those who had been in power for too long could never comprehend that.
That outcry for justice for the Blaise family wasn't driven by the celebrity but by the fact that people had a sense of morality.
Kenton didn't respond to Alden. All he wanted now was for Wynter to regret getting involved with the Blaise family.
Words like "the Blaise family", "applesauce factory", "local goods", and "sold out " had all blown up on trending searches, and they'd stayed there ever since.
The Wray family, unable to reach Kenton, had already thrown a bunch of money into trying to divert people's attention with other gossip, such as who had fallen in love again or who had been unfaithful.
However, it didn't work at all this time. After all, the most influential celebrity was right there on the factory's livestream channel.
For the first time, the Wray family tasted what it truly meant to be in a tight spot. They realized they couldn't let things spiral any further. They had to find something to divert the public's attention!
However, before the Wray family could come to a decision, Kenton had already made his move.
The troll armies claimed they could trace the IP address behind the defamatory video. Kenton had already found it, and it led to a specialty store.
Although Wynter was on the livestream channel, Tobias and Orson were at the front, talking and introducing the factory and products. Hence, no one knew what she was doing at the moment.
After all, it was extremely difficult for Wynter's fans to spot her on the livestream, and even after searching for a long time, they only managed to catch a glimpse of her clothing.
In fact, Wynter had been observing the online discussions the entire time. She had been anticipating Kenton's move.
Since Kenton wanted her to regret investigating the video and wanted to frame the Whitman family, she would make sure he experienced for himself what it felt like to be targeted by the masses online.
Wynter's lips curved into a smile at the thought.
Meanwhile, Kenton had just settled into his office and intended to contact his nephew, Benette. He made several calls, but no one answered.
Kenton assumed Benette was out having fun and simply wasn't checking his phone, expecting him to call back later. However, after waiting for hours with no response, he called some relatives, only to find out that no one had seen him.
A wave of unease washed over Kenton. The video had been posted by Benette, but it was Kenton who had instructed him to do so.
Now, Benette was missing, and Kenton had no clue what was going on. He had a bad feeling about all of this.
At the same time, Kenton's assistant, Kerry Sullivan, had just arrived with his team at the applesauce factory's entrance, ready to carry out another round of framing.
Suddenly, his phone rang.
###chapter1370
Chapter 1370 A Flurry of Rumors
"Hold on. Don't do anything yet. I have a bad feeling about this. Get everyone you brought to head back," Kenton instructed.
Upon hearing that, Kerry gestured for the group to turn back. He didn't inquire further as he trusted Kenton's decision.
After ending the call, Kenton immediately checked his phone to see the time Benette made the post. He asked his tech personnel to investigate the IP address, only to find that it had switched from the specialty store to the Wray family's and became unchangeable.
Kenton was furious. He thought Benette had taken a bribe, changed the video's IP address to point to the Wray family, and then fled.
Kenton blamed Wynter for everything, seething with rage.
With that IP address, people could easily trace it back to the Wray family. In this digital age, nothing could be kept hidden under the scrutiny of the internet.
Even though he promptly had his tech personnel hack into Benette's account to delete the video, it was still too late.
When the video was first posted, no one paid attention to the IP address. Everyone focused on the content instead, which led to some people online blindly criticizing the applesauce factory.
When those unaware of the truth started following the flow of public opinion, that was when things got truly scary.
While the tech personnel hacked into the account and deleted the video, some sharp-eyed individuals managed to spot the IP address. Once the video was removed, it sparked a flurry of rumors.
"The person who uploaded the video suddenly deleted it. Could he have been forced to?"
"Were you all only focused on the video? Good thing I was smart enough to check. The video's IP address leads to the Wray family!"
"The Wray family? Isn't the Wray family the leading company in Hawford? How could the video's IP be linked to them? Could there be something fishy going on?"
"According to the latest insider news, the Wray family has been portraying their products as proudly local, but in reality, they use international brands. The author who exposed this was threatened by the family, which was why the issue didn't spread further."
Seeing those comments, the Wray family felt a sense of impending doom for the first time.
On the other hand, the Blaise family was enjoying a surge in both popularity and sales.
With tears in his eyes and his voice trembling with emotion, Orson said, "Thank you so much for your support! I trust that you will clear my name.
"This issue has led to returns and penalty payments from my distributors, and I felt as though I was on the brink of collapse. I didn't expect such support to help me through this difficult period."
Wynter stepped forward to support Orson. Noticing his pale complexion and knowing he hadn't had much rest these past few days, she said, "Mr. Blaise, don't worry too much. You should take some time to rest and recover your health. I'll prepare some medication for you shortly."
In an instant, the livestream's chat was bombarded with messages, urging Orson to take care of his health. They also expressed their determination to hold the Wray family's fake local brand accountable.
They vowed to ensure the other party faced consequences!
Tobias turned to the camera and said, "Hello, everyone. I'm Kina. Thank you all for watching and supporting this livestream.
"This livestream has been completely transparent from start to finish, with no script involved. Everything, including the factory's production line and food processing, is visible.
"Apart from the Blaise family, there are many other local brands around. I hope you'll support them as well."
###chapter1371
Chapter 1371 Extreme Reaction
As Tobias bowed sincerely to the camera, the popularity of local products soared to unprecedented levels. Whether they were fans or not, everyone could feel their sincerity through the livestream.
Apart from Tobias, the applesauce factory's director and the workers shown on camera all had tear-filled eyes. It was as if they had been waiting forever for someone to finally notice them.
Orson's story was finally uncovered by the public.
It was only then that they came to realize the deep significance of the brands that had been a part of their childhood. Eating healthy food led to a happy life, and when kids were feeling down, a little sweetness could bring them joy.
Though the packaging wasn't fancy, the cost savings went into the food quality and the workers' well- being. Businessmen like Orson were few and far between nowadays.
"What kind of boss still personally goes down to the factory floor? I initially thought it was just an act, but it was obvious that no one knew Kina would show up. This livestream showed me what it truly means to respect ordinary people like us."
Many businessmen in real life remained aloof and distant. In those times, being unpretentious and sincere might have seemed absurd. That was because it wasn't something everyone could do.
Orson, however, committed to it throughout his whole life.
The Blaise family's food business was no longer the outdated, poorly packaged product that people used to sneer at as something unpresentable.
After the incident, the celebrities who had previously turned down the Blaise family regretted it so much they were sick with envy! They even thought about riding the trend on Twitter, but when they saw that Kina was the brand ambassador, they knew they didn't stand a chance.
As for those who had been waiting to see the Blaise family and Wynter fail, they were left dumbfounded. It was especially so for brands that typically worked closely with the Wray family, who were eager to hide from view right away.
However, the public was not about to let them off the hook.
"So, you're the ones who are using misleading names to pretend to be local products while covertly defaming other people's factories, aren't you?"
"I saw it. He also implied that his sparkling water would never encounter such issues."
"Refund! We demand a refund!"
Meanwhile, some people who supported those brands felt that the reaction from others was too extreme.
"I've always been drinking this brand's sparkling water. Isn't it quite good? I don't understand what the fuss is about."
"Business disputes like these are normal. Some people are just envious. The water source is imported, and if you don't drink it, we will. Stop all the fuss."
In response to such attempts at whitewashing, someone pointed out, "Using underhanded methods to maliciously defame competitors is never normal competition, but rather illegal. It's especially so when it involves businesses that deceive consumers to meet their ives.
"Even those who are not blind can see this. The situation in Oakwood District makes it even more complicated. The underlying circumstances are definitely very intricate.
"I hope some people understand that they are currently on our Cascadia land, targeting our own brands. On what grounds do they think they can?
"Do you understand the outcome of all this? We end up consuming products made by others!
"Our own brands aren't making money, while others' are profiting immensely. If something were to happen one day, who do you think cares more about us?"
While certain matters couldn't be said directly, this person's hint was already quite obvious.
"In Cascadia, you're expected to abide by Cascadia's business rules. I won't forgive any of these brands!"
###chapter1372
Chapter 1372 A Pawn Destined to Be Sacrificed
Nobody could have predicted such an outcome. People simply chose which brand to buy from in the past, but it had turned into a boycott.
Stocks of some companies were visibly plummeting. Many official brand accounts had gone silent, and ongoing livestreams had been stopped.
Alden, the person in charge of Oakwood District, never received Kenton's solution in the end. Even ten minutes after he hung up the phone, he still naively believed that the Wray family would back him and those above wouldn't treat him as disposable.
However, when the fake video's location was revealed to be from the Wray Group, he knew he was doomed!
Alden couldn't stop trembling. With his glasses on, he looked again at the money he had hidden in the wall. It crossed his mind to turn himself in.
However, as soon as he reached for the phone, it started ringing.
The voice on the other end was elderly but carried a strong sense of authority. "Alden, how could you do something so disappointing? Do you think you're worthy of your position? Don't you feel any remorse toward your mom back home?"
Alden was deeply grateful to his elderly mom. He had come from a poor background, worked his way out of the countryside, and climbed to where he was now. He understood perfectly what the other person was implying.
It wasn't just a threat. After all, making someone disappear was so easy for them that it wouldn't raise anyone's suspicions.
The person on the other end sighed and said, "I always thought you were a smart person, but how did you become so foolish this time?
"Rest assured that your past deeds won't be questioned. You will still get the respect you're due. Now, go and turn yourself in."
The statement seemed like a suggestion on the surface, but it was actually a form of coercion.
Alden understood perfectly. As he looked up at the ceiling, his hands trembled. It turned out that they already knew whatever he intended to do.
"I'm sorry for making you worry. Rest assured that I know what to do," Alden said before hanging up the phone.
He was well aware that he was just a pawn destined to be sacrificed. At this point, the only way for some things to remain undiscovered was for him to stay silent. The people above had no intention of rescuing him.
Alden glanced again at the family photo on his desk, which included his wife, children, and mom. Without a word, he took out the SIM card from his phone, broke it in two, and then picked up the photo from the desk. His face was pale, and he was sweating profusely.
He removed his glasses and looked down before opening the window. A moment later, a loud bang echoed through the room.
Before the people from the prosecutor's office even arrived at the door, the whole Food and Environment Department was already in chaos.
Alden's secretary, Mike Williamson, had planned to get Alden to address the online comments as the situation was out of control. As he knocked on the door, the loud bang left him in shock.
In the distance, someone pulled back a telescope. "At least he showed some responsibility. He didn't say a word and just jumped."
On the phone, the person in the car remained unseen. His voice was neither warm nor cold, but quite elderly. "Favoring the Wray family is one thing, but mistreating our own industries like this... he really should face justice by taking his own life."
"Yes, I know what to do," someone replied.
was completely
Such an incident occurred as soon as the car from the prosecutor's office arrived. It was unexpected.
Even Kenton turned pale when he heard about it. "What did you say? Mr. Thorne committed suicide?"
Mike wiped his sweat and nodded. "There hasn't been any official news, but everyone on our side has witnessed it."
###chapter1373
Chapter 1373 Under Control 
Hearing that, Kenton suddenly collapsed. He knew better than anyone what that signified. The fact that even Alden had been brought down showed that things were beyond control. If he didn’t handle this issue properly, he might become the next Alden! 
He couldn’t let that happen. He had to move fast! 
“Release an urgent PR statement claiming that Benette has long resented the Wray family because he has always been sidelined and ignored. 
“He resorted to this tactic in an attempt to ruin the Wray family. Get in touch with his parents and have them make a statement. 
“Those working with Benette are just company staff members, so find a tight- lipped staff member and let them know that the lawyers have said this is a trivial matter. The sentence won’t be severe. It’s probably no more than six months. 
“Six months for a million. I’ll give him half a million now and the remaining once he’s out. I’ll also arrange a house for his parents.” 
Kenton’s handling of the situation was certainly the right approach. 
After all, with Alden out of the picture, it was actually advantageous for the Wray family. The Wray family might have made a minor mistake, but no one could prove that they provided benefits to relevant departments to harm the Whitman family. 
Those malicious commercial attacks caused by people in the lower ranks might impact their brand, but they wouldn’t be involved in any major scandals. 
Nonetheless, Kenton knew the real consequences. It signified that his previous efforts to acquire those factories were for nothing. 
The Wray family could no longer operate in the food industry chain as no one would support their patriotic claims. 
Kenton used to make donations to offset taxes and has a funding organization under him. At this point, the funding organization must not attract any attention. Otherwise, the people above wouldn’t spare him. 
Thus, rather than letting things spiral or of control, he might as well encrifice his nephew to protect the bigger pieture 
As Kenton expected, the statement had me import 
Whether or not the public believed it. Husite’s parents admitted that it was their son’s doing. On top of that, one of the Way family’s employees confessed under pressure and turned hiwolf in 
No matter what the people online said, no longer affected the situation at a higher level. After all, it was nearly impossible to determine who was behind the video fabrication. 
The most crucial thing was that someone from a relevant department even committed suicide out of quilt! Such a major event couldn’t be kept under Wraps 
Alden’s suicide effectively cooled the public’s rage. After all, death carried weight, and no one would continue to criticize. 
Some people were even a bit scared, worried that the situation might somehow implicate them. After all, they had left too many comments earlier. They also feared that if they kept pushing against Wray Group, things might turn bad. 
In other words, Alden’s suicide definitely saved Wray Group to some extent. 
With the hype dying down, no one dared to talk about the matter anymore, Those who supported the Blaise family were buying like crazy. As for Wray Group’s products and other brands, they wouldn’t even give them a glance in the future. 
In the factory, Wynter got the news at the same time as others. She received three very unusual messages from the Special Unit 
“Alden was forced to commit suicide, and someone spoke with him right before his death.” 
“Boss, I’ve identified their people and am tracking them now.” 
“There are definitely larger threats above. The opponent is smart and doesn’t expose themselves easily. They haven’t shown their hand yet. Boss, you need to be careful from here on. I’m worried they might be targeting you.” 
###chapter1374
Chapter 1374 Business Landscape 
Wynter read the messages calmly amidst the crowd. 
She wasn’t worried about being targeted. The incident in the bar had already made it clear that Wynter would impinge on someone’s interests if she made a move against the Wrays. 
After all, this place was different from Kingbourne. The relationships here were so complex that they’d gone beyond business contexts.. 
Wynter needed to lure out the people who were behind the scenes. They could only continue to rest easy as long as the Wrays remained standing. 
It had been years since the Special Unit was established, but this was the first time the members were afraid that she would be targeted. 
This indicated that the figure behind the scenes wasn’t an easy target. If it’d been that simple, there was no way a deputy director like Alden would’ve jumped off the building just like that. 
For him to commit suicide out of guilt–that was the most ridiculous joke she’d 
ever heard. 
Wynter raised an eyebrow as she opened up her contact list without hesitation. No matter how powerful she was, it would still be hard for an outsider like her to beat her opponents on their local turf. 
If that was the case, then she would proceed with the highest protocols. 
It was impossible to cover up all those years of wrongdoing with Alden’s death. What about the local brands they ruined? Did those brands truly have it coming? 
Some people always thought they could get away unscathed even when they’d harmed others to line their pockets. However, Wynter wasn’t about to allow them to do so. 
After the so–called “suicide out of guilt” today, she even suspected that the people who’d gotten involved in the misunderstanding between the Whitmans and Quinnells weren’t just business rivals. Instead, someone else was involved, too. 
It was true that Kenton had the Whitman help when he made his comeback back then. However, Wynter had always found it strange why he’d suddenly switched to the food industry. 
There were some discrepancies in the funds as well. The Wray family’s funds had grown the fastest in recent years. At the same time, they’d also conducted the most charities” in the past few years 
There was nothing wrong with engaging in charities. It was just that the Wrays‘ charities were different from that of others. 
Wynter seemed to have come to a realization. She sent a message over with a slight twitch of her fingers. “I want you to go and investigate all the charity projects under the Wrays.” 
Orson didn’t know that Wynter was busy. Everyone in the factory was truly overjoyed. Even the regular workers knew who’d been the one to save them. 
After thanking Tobias, all of them turned to look at Wynter. Overwhelmed with indescribable excitement, their eyes turned slightly red. 
An old man who had a limp in his step walked over. His eyes twinkled as he said, “It Mr. Quinnell Senior was still here, he would’ve been delighted that you have succeeded the family.” 
He definitely wasn’t referring to Fabian. So, it could only be Gordon. 
Wynter stepped forward as she held onto the old man. From his looks, she could tell that he was a veteran. 
The old man was both excited and relieved. “Now that you’re here, the Chamber of Commerce founded by Mr. Quinnell Senior can be saved,” he exclaimed. 
That was a hope for all those who had experienced that era. The same went for Orson. It was a miracle that the factory could be brought back to life. That was something that he’d never dared to dream of in the past. 
However, Wynter had managed to make every product on the factory’s production time flourish. 
Not only that, but after gaining widespread popularity, even some foreigners were asking online if their products would be exported. 
After all these years of hard work, this was the closest Orson had ever come to achieving his dreams. Only now did he truly realize why Wynter had chosen Tobias as the brand ambassador. 
Tobias was an international celebrity. His market appeal wasn’t just within the nation, but also abroad. 
The reason Wynter did all of this was never just to exact revenge on the Wrays. What she truly intended to do was to bring Cascadia’s brand to the entire world! 
So, how could Orson not be excited? He, as a man well beyond his 50s, walked up to Wynter and made an announcement in front of all the workers in the factory. 
“From now on, half of the factory’s profits will go to Ms. Quinnell. She will have the authority to decide all the matters regarding the factory. 
“Descendants of the Blaises, remember this well–she’s not just Blaise Group’s benefactor!” he continued. “The factory will be handed over to Ms. Quinnell after my death. You’ll get some dividends, but none of you can interfere with any of her decisions!” 
This had gone beyond gratitude. Orson was basically declaring that he would hand over Blaise Group to Wynter. He would accept the Quinnells‘ acquisition regardless of how they would do it. 
###chapter1375
Chapter 1375 As Long as the Quinnells Are Here 
The reason Orson had made such a decision wasn’t just because Wynter had helped the Blaises out this time. 
After all this time, the Blaises had already reached their limits. Although his son, Karson Blaise, had a good character, he didn’t have much talent when it came to business. He wouldn’t be able to inherit the family. 
Orson was well aware of the Blaises‘ downfall after his death. In the past, he used to be worried about the factory workers‘ future. But now, he no longer needed to be afraid of anything. 
Not only did the Quinnells‘ descendants take after Gordon’s wits, but they even had his principles. 
Orson felt at ease to leave the factory in Wynter’s hands. He couldn’t wait to see their factory’s food production line reach beyond national markets! 
The Blaises were indeed loyal. None of them ed to Orson’s decision. Instead, it was even met with resounding cheers. Even his descendants looked at Wynter with gratitude. 
They were well aware that the Wrays had already backed them into a corner. If it wasn’t for Wynter, they would have no choice but to announce their bankruptcy within these two days. 
The Wrays had always been arrogant. They’d even come around a few times to declare that they were doing the Blaises a favor by taking over their company. However, the Wrays claimed that they wouldn’t be taking in their beggar–like workers. 
In their most difficult times, the Blaises had also thought about agreeing to the Wrays‘ offer. But they instantly came to a realization when Kenton spoke those words out loud. 
The Wrays had never treated them like humans. There was no way Blaise Group could fall into their hands. 
The Blaises knew that their options were limited. Nevertheless, they were sure that the applesauce factory would be able to hold its head high once it was handed over to Wynter. 
In truth, Wynter was also surprised that the Blaises would make such a decision. However, she didn’t refuse the offer when she saw their sincere gazes. In that case, I’ll be taking over the factory.” 
“Please do!‘ The Blaises were even more excited and overjoyed than the workers in the applesauce factory. 
Wynter had originally planned to conduct resource integration and streamline the entire supply chain before collaborating to expand overseas. 
However, she’d intended to have a proper discussion after she’d resolved the Blaises‘ troubles. Orson’s decision to hand over the factory had saved Wynter a great deal of trouble for her arrangements. 
Wynter gazed at the old man in front of her. Then, she gave him a slight bow for his profound insights. 
Orson stepped forward hurriedly. This scene was caught on camera by the director who had followed along before it spread among Hawford’s business community. 
In a fit of fury, Kenton broke the most valuable white porcelain horse figurine in his office. 
There were praises about the Blaises and the Quinnells everywhere. Even the higher–ups had taken notice of it. After all, it was a long and arduous journey to introduce Cascadia’s goods to the rest of the world. 
The media also created several slogans for this occasion. 
“The Founder of Cascadia’s Domestic Goods Has Carved a Desolated Path Through Sheer Will.” 
“This Path Is Destined to Be Riddled With Thorns and Schemes.” 
“Thankfully, a National Business Like the Quinnells Exists on This Path.” 
“Those Who Offend Cascadia Will Be Punished Regardless of Distance. The Same Applies to Those in the Business Field.” 
“Looking Forward to a More Prosperous and Remarkable Future for the Quinnells and Blaises!“. 
It was only supposed to be a simple test for the Chamber of Commerce. The Wrays never imagined that such a large commotion would occur. 
In just one night, Wynter’s name echoed throughout the entire business community in Hawford. 
Capitalists acted upon hearing the news as their gazes landed on Wynter. Those who had rejected her offer for collaboration before gritted their teeth in frustration when they saw the scene now. 
No one could estimate the amount of profit Wynter had brought to the Blaises. Not only had she saved a company, but she’d even started a trend! 
Countless businesses had fixed their eyes on Blaise Group’s sales figures. If only that wave of popularity had been theirs! 
X 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1376
Chapter 1376 A Trap 
It wasn’t that Wynter couldn’t win, but aho simply shouldn’t win this way. The me of the Blaise family rendered everyone nervous. 
The Way family itself was somewhat unstable. Those already wavering had started covertly reaching out to the Whitgans, seeking to make amends. 
It wasn’t something that Kenton was unaware of. However, their loyalties weren’t his priority right then. 
The Wrays weren’t out of the game yet. What Kenton needed to stabilize was his partnership with the higher–ups! In truth, he wasn’t worried about anything else. His concern was the issue might affect his stock selections. 
Meanwhile, those department members weren’t shy about receiving bribes from him when it was under the covers, However, they quickly transformed into cowards when faced with trouble. 
As expected, one of them had requested a “return“, “Mr. Wray, due to the recent events, let’s keep a low profile and distance ourselves for a while. You should also lay low.” 
Kenton was amused by his words. Lay low? 
“Of course, that wouldn’t be a problem for you, Mr. Cadogan, but a company at my scale can’t afford to be lay low. I heard your wife is pregnant. Since she came from my side, it’s best if we stay in touch.” 
Those words instantly threatened the caller. “Fine. What do you want? You shouldn’t be burning bridges like this, Mr. Wray.” 
Kenton lowered his voice. “What I need you to do isn’t a big issue, Mr. Cadogan. I simply cannot wait any longer for the land on Nova East. I want to know if the documents have come through. Give me a definitive reply.” 
If it were before, Kenton wouldn’t be in such a rush. Things changed when Wynter turned the tide in the industry. He had to crush her and halt her progress before she grew any bigger! 
Wynter was indeed capable. If those established companies actually joined forces, it would pose a huge problem for him. Therefore, he needed to break. 
efore it was too later 
Regardless, Kenton was proactive in handling the matter this time as he realized what Vynter was trying to do. However, he didn’t believe she could achieve it. In the business world, how could there be true friendship? 
He thought of something and made a phone call. Proceed according to the 
plan.* 
“Mr. Wray, are you sure? That young lady doesn’t seem to be entirely clueless.” The other party sounded hesitant. 
Kenton scoffed, “She worlt notice you. Are you scared? Or do you secretly plan to support the Whitmans?” 
“No, never” The person quiddy explained, “You have my loyalty, Mr. Way.* 
Kenton seemed indifferent. “You know what the Whitmans are like. They never suspect their closest associates. Don’t even worry about it. I’ve prepared Everything in accordance, so all you have to do is accomplish your task at the right time. 
“That young lady does seem smarter than her father, but that’s only because she hasn’t entered the stock market yet. Since she doesn’t participate, we’ll lure her brother into it. 
1 have plenty of ways to handle her. No matter how capable she is, she can’t- beat me on the funding chain. You know damn well who has my back. Who does she have?” 
When the other party heard his words, he was greatly reassured and eagerly responded, “You’re right, Mr. Wray. She just happened to exploit a loophole this time, 
“We’re not focused on the manufacturing industries, anyway. If she wants that rundown factory, let her have it. 
“Even if the Blaises do make a comeback, they’d barely make any money. Rest assured that I’ll execute your plan accordingly, Mr. Wray!” 
###chapter1377
Chapter 1377 The Big Shots Frowned Upon Them 
The department members watched how the Wray family grew. Within a short period, the Wrays had surpassed the Whitmans, which was not easily achieved by merely acquiring the manufacturing industries. 
Besides, they had never actually run any of the manufacturing businesses. Once they acquired the factory, they repurposed it for other uses. 
The real profits they earned were all hidden away. No one knew how much Kenton had exactly, but they were certain the Whitmans fell far behind him even at their peak. 
The overall state of the Wray family’s funding chain was robust. It seemed they owned some shares in every well–developed company in Hawford, especially in the construction, finance, and entertainment industries. 
In Hawford, this family could be considered hyenas. 
So, the department members deduced who Kenton’s backing was thanks to 
their wits. 
Meanwhile, they believed Wynter couldn’t possibly have any other relevant connections, aside from her fiance, Dalton. Even the Yarwood family had to adhere to Hawford’s rules while they were here. 
Yet, these “quick–witted” people seemed to have forgotten that a mistake was bound to happen when one made a rash decision. 
Kenton had always been strategic, rarely bribing people or exposing his backing. However, he didn’t seem to be thinking straight this time. Now that he had Yvette, who had been reborn and could predict the future, he thought he should take a bold gamble with such a wild card. 
“Reclaim all the money that’s out there.” Kenton pressed a button in his office.” That’s right. Bring them all back.” 
As much as Adrien thought it was a risky move, he didn’t say anything. It was evident Kenton aimed to make a stunning profit in the stock market. Moreover, he must’ve received insider information regarding that piece of land. 
Indeed, he had, and that information came from Yvette. 
He sent a message to 
her, asking her to select a few stocks for him, specifically those that were guaranteed to be profitable. 
Faced with Kenton, Yvette secretly panicked and dared not to be careless like before. She could manage if he asked for just one stock, but a few? She lacked the confidence but couldn’t tell him. 
As such, she tried her best to recall some old news. Suddenly, she 
remembered someone shorted the stock market and made a hefty profit in her past life. 
Her countenance lit up, and she composed a message detailing the 
instructions and sent it to Kenton. “Trust me, Mr. Wray. This is guaranteed to work!” 
When Kenton read the message, he was astonished. “I can’t believe there’s such a strategy. She can predict the future, after all!” 
So long as he had Yvette, he could easily crush the Quinnells! 
Wynter’s apparent success was nothing more than a superficial illusion. She would be insanely naive if she believed she could join forces with others. There was no such thing as “joining forces” in the business world! 
Furthermore, she was oblivious to how many big shots she would offend by doing so. It wasn’t just the capital that would frown upon her actions–even those higher–ups wouldn’t tolerate her presence. 
Soon, she would understand exactly whose interests she had interfered with. As Kenton thought of that, he gazed at his phone, which was buzzing endlessly. They were messages from the Aid Society. 
Many big shots in the organization were already upset with Wynter’s presence and had been asking Kenton to find a way to resolve the issue quickly. In the meantime, they would offer him covert support no matter what it took. 
Then, they inquired about the status of the goods and reiterated, “Do not let the Quinnells affect our supply.” 
###chapter1378
Chapter 1978 Like an Old Acquaintance 
“You should know what to do.” 
At that, Kenton quickly replied, “Everyone, rest assured that the supply will remain secure, I’ll make the Quinnella regret ever stepping foot in Hawford !” 
However, those big shots weren’t easy to fool. “She’s not an easy target. Be careful and cut your losses in time.” 
Kenton obediently replied, “Noted.” 
By logic, someone of his stature, who commanded great influence in the business world, shouldn’t be so deferential to anyone. Yet, for some reason, he appeared to be at the bottom of the hierarchy in that group. 
The big shots seemed to only care about the supplies and paid no heed to his plan. “The previous ones aren’t that great as they’re too old. Think of some way. to send a few more over. Don’t just focus on making money. You must learn to return the favor when necessary.” 
At that point, Kenton seemed to have had a revelation. If Wynter could promote herself under the guise of supporting domestic goods, he could similarly” sponsor” students to gain himself a good reputation. 
Indeed, there hadn’t been as many activities in the past month. With the bar getting investigated, he had to take immediate action. Otherwise, those big shots might actually drop him. 
Any of the Wray family’s charitable activities could be halted, but not the Aid Society. After losing Alden, the person in charge of Oakwood District, he ought to do something to appeal to that person. 
When he thought of that, he lost his, previous composure. He had initially planned to wait until the Chamber of Commerce elected a president before proceeding with the Aid Society. 
But thanks to the incident at the bar, the Wray family had lost their footing. He couldn’t afford to drag this out! He didn’t want to become a pawn, yet he had no choice but to rely on those big shots‘ backing. 
Indeed, the Aid Society was Kenton’s biggest support. As the name suggested, 
the organization provided charitable donations–supporting disaster relief, building schools, and other funding activities. 
Little did people know that tax evasion and fraud could be conducted simultaneously. 
Naturally, charitable organizations served as a great cover. By doing good deeds, one could attract praise and divert the public’s attention away from their background or activities. 
It was precisely through that that Kenton led his family to their position in Hawford now. Of course, he mainly attributed his success to that person. 
What he didn’t know was that his cover wouldn’t last long. That was because Wynter had been making comprehensive preparations to move things forward. 
Many had been focusing on the Blaise family incident since the news came out. More importantly, Cleo was one of them. 
“This young lady is indeed interesting.” At a mansion, a white–haired elder broke into a smile. 
Beside him was his butler, who seemed to be his age. His face beamed with delight. “Isn’t that right? I even heard they let her into the old Quinnell residence.” 
“Did they?” Cleo halted and turned around to look at him. 
Alaric Pryce, the butler, nodded. “Indeed, and she stayed for some time. Mr. Sinclair, should I remind her to be cautious about the people around her? After all, she’s still young, and you never know what’s on people’s minds.” 
“What’s there to remind her about? If she can’t handle that, she won’t get a chance in the Chamber of Commerce.” Cleo sipped his tea and calmly asked, ” Have you contacted Mr. Yarwood?” 
“No. Do you truly believe he’s that man, Mr. Sinclair? Perhaps they just look alike.” 
###chapter1379
Chapter 1379 Wynter's Promise Is Accomplished
"Haven't you met him before?" Cleo was deep in thought before he continued, "What do you think?"
Alaric hesitated to answer Cleo's question. From both his demeanor and appearance, Dalton bore a striking resemblance to that man.
When Alaric first saw Dalton, he had even thought they were the same person. But, upon further reflection, it was highly impossible. No matter how advanced medical technology might be, one could not escape aging.
Alaric and Cleo were both on the brink of death. They had experienced nearly everything life had to offer.
Yet, when confronted with a figure so reminiscent of a long-lost acquaintance, they nearly gave in to the impulse to confirm his identity. Alaric had also inquired with Serenity Hotel but received no response.
After all these years, if Dalton truly were that man, he should have aged beyond recognition or even passed away.
"Mr. Sinclair, do you want to investigate personally?" Alaric refilled Cleo's tea and asked in a lowered voice.
Cleo glanced at the documents handed to him. "It's necessary to investigate. But approaching the Yarwood family would make our intentions too obvious."
"Are you suggesting..." Alaric's eyes lit up, and he was visibly elated.
Cleo was indeed old now. He trembled slightly as he stood. "I was just an insignificant beggar when Mr. Quinnell Senior was alive. After all these years, it's time I meet his descendants."
"You're still worried." Alaric lowered his gaze. "Even back then, Shane Quinnell was a disappointment to you."
The impact of Shane's actions was profound. It not only strained the relationship between the Quinnell and Whitman families but also eroded the confidence of everyone observing the Quinnells. Though Shane had been locked up, the consequences of his actions lingered.
Cleo looked at Alaric, and his gaze darkened. "Let's hope she's not like her father."
"She won't be. She is someone those old fellows praised. And the situation with the Blaise family speaks volumes," Alaric spoke urgently, clearly fond of Wynter.
He continued, "We have been keeping a close eye on the Blaise family's matter as well. Someone who knows Orson would know that he would never have entrusted Ms. Quinnell with the factory's operations if she had ill intentions."
Indeed, Alaric's words were true. The Blaise family had decided to grant half of their shares
to Wynter rather than merely providing financial aid.
Some of the Quinnell family's ex-associates felt uneasy upon hearing the news.
Their previous reluctance to step forward was due to a desire to prevent their limited assets from being influenced by foreign capital. But now, their current willingness to come forward was because they saw a reflection of Gordon's legacy in Wynter.
The rise of domestic brands was finally on the horizon! This was a signal deliberately sent out by Wynter. Otherwise, she wouldn't have executed her plans in such a grand manner.
The market had been stagnant for too long, and consumers had become desensitized to the decline.
For a while, certain public figures were extolling foreign goods online. Everything from foreign products to foreign air was being praised as superior to what was available domestically.
Many of the cherished brands from childhood had been scattered and overshadowed by well -marketed foreign investments, no longer holding the renown they once had.
Wynter's goal had been to break the online barriers for domestic products that were still holding on. It wasn't just about the Blaise family's applesauce factory but also about showcasing other domestic brands.
The older generation had been right in their insistence on creating their own products. That was the only way to carve out a path for domestic enterprises in Cascadia.
It was easy to compromise with the Capital, but one could hope there were still individuals who, when faced with the Capital, refused to yield and remained dedicated to serving the people.
Fabian, who was still far away in Kingborne, couldn't help but exclaim in the conference room when he heard of Wynter's action, "Well done!"
###chapter1380
Chapter 1380 Worrying for Wynter
Some of the shareholders were still in the dark about what had happened. However, upon seeing the video, the emotions in their gazes shifted.
Fabian couldn't hide his excitement. "Is the international marketing department here?"
"Yes, Mr. Quinnell. I'm here."
What Wynter had accomplished stirred excitement in everyone in the international marketing department.
Fabian looked at him and said, "I remember you once mentioned that some of our everyday products didn't receive much attention overseas. After all, even the domestic market still favors foreign brands. How about now?"
"I believe it's time to give it another try!" the international marketing department's head said with excitement.
Fabian nodded with satisfaction. "Then go ahead. I want you to capture at least 50 percent of the market share first. Money is not an issue."
"Understood!"
The conference left every shareholder fired up with enthusiasm. Even professionals could see what Fabian intended to do.
It was clear that it was not a mere coincidence that Wynter had gone to the Hawford market. The Quinnell family had never limited their market to just the domestic sphere.
Previously, achieving such goals had always been fraught with difficulties. The ideas were often dismissed as overly idealistic.
Even Fabian himself had been criticized for his conservative views. He was deemed unsuitable for market expansion. Hence, he had always approached everything with stability as his priority.
Now, however, things have changed. Wynter had taken the lead and became a bridge of possibilities, showing those who were still hesitant the endless potential that lay ahead.
Just as Wynter initially told Taylor, her goal was to achieve a united expansion into overseas markets. Achieving success in international markets was never going to be the work of just one or two people. It required the attention and involvement of many more.
After the conference, when only Alexis remained, Fabian stood up with his excitement barely contained.
"Alexis, did you see that? Did you see what she did? I've underestimated Wynter. We don't need to hold back the connections we've set aside for her.
"Have the relevant people start preparing and get ready to mobilize the funds. She still has a
tough battle ahead with the Wray family."
Fabian had initially prepared numerous fallback options for Wynter. However, observing her now, he realized she had never entertained the idea of retreating.
However, especially in the realm of domestic industry, she would inevitably ruffle some feathers. This was what worried Fabian the most.
Fabian leaned on his cane and walked to the window. "Alexis, get ready. I'm going to the outskirts myself. If things go wrong, I need to make sure there's someone who can protect her."
Alexis understood the significance of Fabian's decision. For many years, the Quinnell family had never used their national business origins to ask for anything from the higher-ups. Now, Fabian's visit was a sign of the danger involved with the Hawford market.
Fabian's concern was that if the Wray family were to know about some major strategic decisions before Wynter did, it could create a significant information gap and potentially disrupt the flow of funds.
Additionally, the situation was inherently complex and had always been so. The Wray family's rise suggested they had substantial protection from powerful sources, and this support was likely significant.
Alexis ventured a bold guess that the other party might even have an overwhelming amount of influence and control. He began to worry that Wynter might not fully grasp this power's extent due to her youth.
It could only be said that Wynter's youth served as her best protection. Having carried out tasks in the Special Unit, she was undoubtedly aware of the stakes. After all, no one knew about her role as 001 up to this point.
###chapter1381
Chapter 1381 Here Comes the Villain
Wynter knew what she was up against even before the scandal in Club Solstice emerged. It wasn't just those in the business realm but the intricate webs of interests behind it.
Why had such a club existed for so long without any thorough investigation? Was she the only one who could see the issues? Were the others oblivious to it? Certainly not. The real issue was that those below her either couldn't or wouldn't dare to investigate further.
Everything associated with the Wray family seemed to always have a way of being quietly and efficiently smoothed over.
Wynter wasn't foolish. She knew that the seasoned detectives' seemingly thoughtful remarks were laden with insinuations.
She watched the lively scene before her and pondered how to break the deadlock. Even if the Wray family had fallen, those behind them would remain unharmed if she stayed in her current position.
In reality, the situation had escalated to the point where even a deputy officer had " committed suicide out of fear".
Wynter already had her suspects in mind. However, given their high-profile statuses, this level of exposure would not only just fail to impact them, but it might also alert them to destroy evidence prematurely. Hence, she still had to keep up the pretense.
Wynter was looking for the right opportunity, and the only possible moment lay with Kenton. If the clues he had with him went cold, those behind him would be left unidentified.
Tobias still didn't fully understand why Wynter needed his presence. "Do you really need me to deal with the Wray family? What's the strategy?"
"For the buzz." Wynter's gaze was intense as she drove. "Tobias, you are the only one who can create this level of buzz. Even Rowan wouldn't make the cut.
"Your international influence and your audience's demographics are different. Your fans will keep the topic trending, and its impact will be long-lasting."
The younger generation represented the future. Some people came to understand this, which was why celebrity groups were launched. They were there to capture the youth market.
Wynter was glad. Tobias' dream had always been to become a top-tier celebrity.
While the public might not have a high recognition of him, that wasn't important. What mattered was that a good celebrity could harness fan loyalty to challenge even the mightiest capital. This was a power Wynter had seen only in Tobias.
Tobias had achieved his current status through sheer effort. Despite the constant scandals, no one could deny his popularity or the level of discussion surrounding him.
From the very beginning, he had never relied on the Quinnell family for any support. But of
course, his success was also linked to his fanbase's demographics. After all, being young allowed for limitless possibilities.
Wynter might be able to break the deadlock from this angle. With the power of the people... Wynter seemed to have thought of an idea and turned the steering wheel.
"Tobias, I'll drop you off at the front. Go back to the set with the cameraman first. I still have some things to take care of."
Tobias glanced at Cyrus beside him. "I can't go with you, but he can?"
"You understand, don't you? This cousin of ours is still in pain."
Wynter had always had a keen eye for people.
Cyrus was indeed in pain. After everything that happened today, he had a sense that his grandmother Tamia, who was so closely connected to the Wray family, might not be as he had imagined.
Easton's situation likely wouldn't end here, either. And what about Noah? What would he choose?
Cyrus' intuition about this was indeed quite accurate.
Before Wynter could return, Tamia had already shown up at the door.
Of course, she wasn't there to speak with Reuben. She had heard about the situation in the Chamber of Commerce and knew that Wynter was highly valued by Reuben. If she wanted to talk, it would be with her own daughter, Ophelia.
###chapter1382
Chapter 1382 Sowing Discord
"How could Cyrus be taken away like that without being given any reasons? He is following a child younger than him. It's as if he's nothing more than a lapdog for the Quinnells."
The displeasure was evident in Tamia's furrowed brows.
"You are Cyrus' mother. Look at this situation. Yes, it has garnered attention, but what does it have to do with Cyrus? Who still remembers that he is the heir to the Whitman family?"
The older generation placed great importance on reputation. It was only natural for people to be selfish.
Tamia wanted Hawford's business circles to remember Cyrus, not the Quinnell family. There was nothing wrong with that, but the key issue was...
Ophelia nearly choked on her words with frustration. "Mom, you must know that this whole situation with the Blaise family is something Wynter is handling on her own. Cyrus doesn't even understand this kind of thing.
"Mr. Reuben hasn't come to me about the whole chaos the Whitman family is currently facing. That is already saving our family from embarrassment.
"Who do you think got Easton his job? It was Noah. And what did he do with it? He betrayed the Whitman family!"
Ophelia's anger flared up just thinking about it. She didn't need anyone to tell her what was happening as she could see it with her own eyes.
Tamis lowered her gaze. "I don't know the details of what Easton did, but I will personally apologize to Mr. Reuben. However, Cyrus' situation should not be conflated with this issue. You need to understand who it affects now that the girl from the Quinnell family has returned."
Tamia never intended to sabotage the Whitman family. She genuinely thought Easton was foolish. How could he not see that the better Ophelia's situation, the better things would be for the Montclair family as well?
But now, thanks to Easton's foolish actions, she found herself in a difficult position. It was especially so since she had no idea how to explain the situation's complexities to Cyrus.
Over the years, Cyrus had always been closest to Tamia. Many of his business ideas were influenced by her guidance.
Tamia couldn't deny that she did have her own agenda. She never cared much for the way the Whitaman family operated. It was too slow and lacked international exposure.
Her idea was to have Cyrus collaborate more with overseas companies. Hence, she had been trying to create opportunities for him to connect with international capital circles when he returned to the Cascadia. The Wray family had the most resources in this area, and it was impossible to avoid them.
Tamia truly hadn't anticipated that Cyrus would stray from the path she had meticulously planned for him.
Almost in an instant, he was suddenly following the lead of Wynter. Tamia was left with no time to react. By the time she became aware of it, the Blaise family incident had already unfolded.
Tamia looked intently at Ophelia. "Have you considered the implications of Cyrus' actions? Everything he's doing is a direct affront to the Wray family.
"That girl from the Quinnells can afford to stir things up. After all, she can return to Kingbourne whenever she likes. But what about Cyrus?"
Tamia was worried Cyrus might be overshadowed and forgotten. "Ophelia, think about it. The Whitman family consists of too many members. Taylor is still in the picture. If you, as Cyrus' mother, don't fight for him, who will?"
By this point, Tamia was growing anxious. She wouldn't usually lay things out so plainly. After all, given that Cyrus was the Whitmans' eldest grandson, everyone expected Reuben to eventually hand the Whitman family over to him.
But things had changed. There were too many people singing praises of the Quinnell family, and it seemed that none of them had anything to do with Cyrus. If this continued, Tamia worried that Cyrus might end up with nothing.
Tamia was frustrated and felt like she was hitting her head against a brick wall. "I'm his grandmother. Why would I hurt him?"
Seeing Tamia like this, Ophelia began to waver.
###chapter1383
Chapter 1383 The Montclairs Have Their Own Ideas
Some things were like that. You didn't give it much thought. But the more your closest ones talked about it, the more you began to waver.
Ophelia looked up. "Mom, I still think you're overthinking. Mr. Reuben wouldn't just overlook Cyrus and hand the Whitman family to Wynter."
"Not necessarily." Tamia glanced away. "You might have forgotten since many years have passed. But from the moment that girl was born, she stole all the attention from Cyrus.
"Despite being the Whitman family's eldest grandson, that girl's first birthday was given more attention than Cyrus'. Your late mother-in-law was foolish, and you can't allow this situation to continue.
"Look at the Blaise family's situation. More people will rally behind this girl from the Quinnells. What will Cyrus do then? As the Whitman family's eldest grandson, won't he feel awkward?"
Each question from Tamia made Ophelia fall into deeper silence. She had never considered these issues before.
She was pleased that the Whitman and Quinnell families had reconciled, and she herself liked Marie. But today, Ophelia couldn't bring herself to refute her Tamia.
Tamia understood Ophelia's temperament well. She knew not to push too hard and knew Ophelia needed time to come to her own conclusions.
"I'll explain things with the Wray family. You don't need to put so much pressure on Cyrus." Tamia turned off her phone before continuing, "These matters are undoubtedly your father- in-law's decisions.
"While he has sharp business acumen, you know he's always been indifferent toward Cyrus. I'll leave it at that. You should think about it yourself."
Tamia stood up. "I am currently in a difficult position to meet with that son-in-law of mine. After all, I'm a villain in the Whitmans' eyes."
"Mom, don't say that. Noah didn't mean it that way." Ophelia hurriedly defended Noah.
Tamia, however, saw things clearly. "His opinion of me isn't important. What matters is whether he has considered what's best for you and Cyrus.
"If your relationship with him has soured because of your cousin's situation, you need to think carefully about where you and Cyrus stand in his eyes.
"Are you and Cyrus more important to him than his sense of responsibility toward the Whitman family?"
The final statement left Ophelia, who had not experienced much turmoil, to suddenly feel anxious.
It was true that ever since the incident, Noah had only questioned her without trying to have
a serious discussion. Was it really because their relationship had soured?
The more Ophelia thought about it, the more uneasy she felt. Her expression grew increasingly troubled.
She stood up as well to see Tamia off. After a moment's thought, she sent out a message.
At this moment, Wynter was still in the car as she began to reassess her strategies in light of the situation's complexity.
With so many responsibilities on her plate, she needed someone completely detached from any vested interests but whom she could trust to keep an eye on certain aspects. Otherwise, there was a risk of potential oversights.
After considering her options, she decided that the best person for the job would be her capable and reliable Dalton.
Hence, after wrapping up matters with the Blaise family, she didn't return to Quaint Villa. Instead, she drove directly to the hotel where they had previously stayed.
Meanwhile, Cyrus looked as if he was deep in thought as he continuously glanced at his phone.
Wynter wasn't stupid. She raised an eyebrow and asked in a light tone, "Are you staying with me or heading back?"
Cyrus closed his eyes briefly before setting his phone to silent mode. His stance was clear as he spoke in a low voice that was tinged with melancholy, "It's my mom."
Wynter wasn't particularly surprised. "It's natural for Aunt Ophelia to be concerned, especially with you following me around like this."
From the situation, Wynter could discern the essence of Ophelia's character. She wasn't malicious, but she was not very clear-headed, either.
###chapter1384

Chapter 1384 Finding the Charming Fiancé
The Montclair family was bound to react once news of the Blaise family's incident broke out. After all, throughout the whole affair, Wynter hadn't allowed Cyrus to make an appearance.
Wynter wanted to gauge the Montclair family's character as well as Ophelia's reaction. To her, human nature was the hardest to predict. Hence, there was no harm in preparing for any eventuality in advance.
As for Cyrus, it was time for him to grow up. Otherwise, the situation with the Whitman family would remain unresolved.
Cyrus hadn't been idle in his thoughts. The events with the Blaise family had a profound impact on him. If he had previously been unclear about the kind of business Reuben intended to build or what "domestic products" truly meant, today, he understood it all.
He had even started to question himself. He wondered if all those years of overseas exposure had been of any real use.
When he voiced this doubt, Wynter answered after opening the door, "It's only by seeing the global perspective that we can bring our own products to the world. Of course, it's useful.
"Grandpa probably believes the same. That's why he didn't oppose you studying abroad from a young age, no?"
"No. That's because Grandpa doesn't really care about me," Cyrus said softly.
"You were born into the Whitman family. You should understand that the luxurious life you enjoy is the result of others' hard work. You're a grown man fussing over trivial details. Are you a mama's boy?"
Despite Wynter's indifferent expression, her words hit hard.
Cyrus took a deep breath. "I-"
"The Montclairs," Wynter interrupted. "In essence, you were raised by the Montclairs because Uncle Noah was too busy to look after you."
Upon hearing this, Cyrus widened his eyes in surprise.
Wynter pressed the elevator button. "You've been following me all day. Surely, you are not still shocked by my abilities.
"It's quite simple to investigate you. After all, the traitors in the Whitman family are linked to Mrs. Montclair Senior. I have to allocate some attention to this."
"Grandma... she... she's doing this for my sake." Cyrus tried defending Tamia. "She just overthinks too much."
Wynter remained silent on the matter and instead said, "You're still so stupid."
Cyrus tightened his fists. "I get it. I am nothing compared to you."
Wynter said slowly, "You don't need to feel inferior when it comes to our abilities. After all, there aren't many who are stronger than me.
"What I want to know is what you think about all this. After all, Uncle Noah's biggest regret is that he left you to the Montclair family's care while he was busy. And look at you now.
"To be completely honest with you, I'm stepping in to help because I don't want Grandpa's hopes to be dashed. I'll help as much as I can, but if you can't be saved, that's up to you."
Hearing this, Cyrus' eyes turned red. "Of course, I'll listen to you. I promised my dad before I came out that I would follow your guidance."
"Then put away your little schemes. Uncle Noah and Aunt Ophelia's relationship issues are not your concern right now. If your phone is affecting your judgment, I'll take it away."
Wynter lifted his chin as she continued, "When you get in later, sit there and think clearly about what your dear grandma has achieved after all these years of raising you."
Cyrus didn't protest. He knew he should reflect on why everything turned out so differently from what he had imagined.
It was impossible that there weren't any bodyguards around in the place where Dalton was. Wynter was quite at ease handing Cyrus over to the Shadows.
However, it was the Shadows that were less at ease with her. As she headed toward the room, someone stopped her. "Ms. Quinnell, Mr. Yarwood isn't free to meet you now. Please wait-"
"Not free?" Wynter chuckled lightly. "Is there a woman inside?"
The Shadow's expression grew quite suspicious as his gaze shifted upward.
"Is there really a woman inside?" Wynter's eyes fell on the door with a hint of an inscrutable emotion in her gaze.
###chapter1385
Chapter 1385 An Affair 
Upon hearing this, the Shadow was even more terrified to stop Wynter. He was afraid it would cause misunderstandings 
The Shadow was only a guard and had no idea why Dalton would bring a woman over today! Their attire seemed quite suggestive. And of all possible times for Wynter to show up, it just had to be this precise 
moment! 
The Shadow, usually expressionless, now had his features contorted in visible distress. 
Seeing this, Wynter casually toyed with the purple suglite pendant on her waist and raised an eyebrow. So, should I go in or not?” 
“Ms. Quinnell, please, go right ahead!” The Shadow weighed his options and realized that his job might be at risk by the end of the day if Wynter chose to leave without entering. 
With Dalton inside, it was up to him to deal with the trouble he had caused himself. The Shadow stepped aside with an unmistakable decisiveness. 
Wynter found the situation quite amusing. She didn’t quite believe Dalton could stir up trouble like this. 
She 
didn’t mind, though. If needed, she could always find a new one. While she was a bit reluctant to part with such a striking face, she had no interest in keeping someone who was tainted. 
However, from a logical standpoint, Dalton didn’t seem to be the type prone to infidelity. 
Just as Wynter was contemplating, her gaze met a pair of eyes. 
There was indeed a woman inside. The woman was a stunning beauty in a dress that clung perfectly to her figure, accentuating her smooth, elegant curves, 
Her oval face and arched eyebrows, combined with the fan she delicately waved, made her seem like she was from another era. 
When the woman noticed someone entering, she lifted her gaze, as if preparing to take action. However, with a mere lift of hand from Dalton, all hostility vanished. It was as if the earlier animosity had never existed. 
This made Wynter’s lips curl into a wry smile. “It seems I have indeed arrived at an inconvenient time.” 
“Nonsense,” Dalton said with a low chuckle. In an instant, the hostility surrounding him disappeared. 
The rapid shift in his demeanor left Shermaine Loria, the beautiful woman standing beside him, somewhat stunned. 
Dalton had clearly gone out since his attire was different from usual. Instead of his usual sharp suit, he wore a dark trench coat, and his hands were encased in weather gloves, giving off an air of restraint. But why would he need such gloves in this weather? 
Wynter pondered this, especially considering the dark almost chilling energy he carried with him earlier. 
Clearly aware of her scrutiny, Dalton lowered his gaze and walked toward Wynter. “We were just discussing some business. My subordinates aren’t very bright.” 
Wynter looked up and found her gaze meeting the delicate fall of his eyelashes. Dalton always had an Intense, soulful way of looking at people. 
She realized she had never seen him in a bad mood before. With so many people around him constantly wary of displeasing him, he had remained quite unruffled. 
Chapter 1395 An Affair 
Wynter hadn’t felt this way herself. Aside from critiquing her taste, he had never shown any anger toward 
her. 
Upon further reflection, Dalton did indeed have a rather formidable presence. Given how he had acted earlier, if other cultivators had seen him, they might have thought he was possessed by a demon. 
“You guys can continue with your conversation,” Wynter said as she headed toward the door. “I’ll come back later.” 
Dalton reached out and grasped her wrist, his voice low. “It’s rare for you to remember that you still have a fiancé. There’s no need to come back later. We’re almost done here.” 
Wynter was somewhat puzzled by this. Shermaine stood by and still seemed to have much to say, Was the conversation really finished? 
###chapter1386
Chapter 1386 The Flirting Fiancé 
“Go take a rest on the couch. I’ll wrap things up.” Dalton made arrangements with his usual ease. His words always made it hard for others to refuse. 
Wynter’s intention wasn’t to get involved in the Yarwood family’s business affairs. It wouldn’t be ideal if they ever became competitors. 
“Are you sure it’s alright?” Wynter was trying to remind him to keep emotions out of work settings. If she were to hear a good business plan, she wouldn’t let her personal feelings get in the way of using it. 
Dalton’s smile deepened as he understood her intent. His voice was rich and alluring, and his eyes held a warm gaze. “There’s nothing inconvenient about it. We won’t be discussing anything important.” 
He removed his leather gloves as he spoke before gently rubbing the dark circles under Wynter’s eyes with his fingertips. It was a gesture so tender that it was hard to imagine he had just finished a serious. meeting. 
“Then, I’ll use your computer to sort through some information. You can continue your discussion, Don’t mind me.* Wynter indeed needed to review the Wray family’s actions over the past two days to prepare for what was coming next. 
Dalton responded with a simple 
for my lady to eat.” 
hum before turning to Sharmaine. “Have the Shadows prepare something 
“Your lady?” Sharmaine shifted and paused at Wynter’s face, clearly struggling to process the situation. 
– 
Dalton stared at her without saying a word, but his eyes seemed to be filled with a dark mist. 
Sharmain felt a shiver down her spine and immediately lowered her gaze. “Yes.” 
This was the first time Wynter actually realized that these people were genuinely terrified of Dalton, 
“I’m so tired,” Dalton muttered as he leaned his head against Wynter’s shoulder. His voice was cold and low: “My subordinates can’t handle a single task properly.” 
Wynter was momentarily speechless. This wasn’t how she expected the scene to play out, especially with Shermaine still in the room. 
Dalton never seemed to do what Wynter expected. What should have been a tense, dramatic moment, with Wynter walking in to find a beautiful woman in the room, had lost its edge with his unexpected display of intimacy. 
Wynter could hardly begin to imagine Shermaine’s feelings as she walked out of the room. 
Seeing Wynter’s face again, Shermaine wondered if Dalton had anticipated Wynter’s reincarnation and was deliberately waiting for this moment. 
Shermaine was only recently awakened by Dalton and couldn’t really understand other matters. However, she knew that Wynter was the only person who had ever outplayed Dalton. How did she suddenly become Dalton’s lady? 
Though Shermaine was somewhat dazed, she understood what Dalton meant. He wanted her to clear her head. If she inadvertently revealed any suspicious signs in front of Wynter, Dalton might make her return to her eternal slumber in the underworld. 
Her last memory was of a world engulfed in flames. Everything outside had drastically changed when she 
awoke. 
For the past ten days, she had been wandering through the bustling city of Hawford, tracing Dalton’s 
Chapter 1386 The Flirting Fiance 
energy to various locations. Naturally, she had absorbed a fair amount of life force along the way. Men, regardless of the era, remained unchanged. 
Her most regrettable mistake had been her reckless behavior. Her actions had already reached Dalton’s ears. Now, she even found herself face–to–face with Wynter from her previous life. 
She couldn’t help but wonder if that glance from Wynter meant she had seen through her true form. Sharmaine felt a flicker of fear. 
Normally, upon seeing the young men sitting outside, she would have followed her habit of absorbing some of their life force. But now, she didn’t dare make a move. 
In all honesty, the Shadow was a little disappointed when Sharmaine just walked out so casually. He couldn’t help but wonder if Wynter slapped Dalton. After all, no one was completely immune to a bit of gossip. 
This was the same for Sharmaine. She had followed Dalton to Hawford a century ago, helping to establish a commercial empire. The only unexpected change she had encountered so far was Wynter. However, Dalton wasn’t supposed to fall in love, right? 
###chapter1387
Chapter 1387 Having an Affair 
Sharmaine glanced back repeatedly as she hesitated. It was clear that she wanted to say more. But ultimately, she was too afraid to defy Dalton’s order. In fact, she had never dared to do so. 
However, other than Dalton, other men were easily enchanted by her presence. As soon as she stepped out, Cyrus stood up. It was obvious that they knew each other. 
In a mixture of both awe and surprise, Cyrus asked, “Madam Loria, what brought you here?” 
Sharmaine was known to be notoriously hard to pin down. She carried an air of sophistication when she was out in the night scene. 
Even when something big went down at Club Solstice, no one would ever think it was her fault. That was because she couldn’t be bothered by scions and didn’t care who spent the most on drinks for her. She only hung out with people she was interested in. 
But the criteria she used to choose those people was something no one had figured out. It seemed random and even went against what the Wray family expected. Over time, everyone just started calling her Madam Loria. 
Sharmaine initially planned to just walk past Cyrus. She didn’t want to stir up any trouble on Dalton’s turf, especially with Wynter still inside. It would be unfair to Sharmaine if Wynter noticed something and went after her. Yet, Cyrus just had to greet her at that moment! 
Sharmaine took a deep breath and suppressed her emotions before slowly walking over to Cryus. Her dress was slightly parted near her thighs. “I was discussing business matters with Mr. Yarwood.” She made sure to emphasize the word “business“. 
However, Cyrus still looked at her with a suspicious expression. He had indeed misunderstood. After all, Dalton was Wynter’s fiancé. Yet, Sharmaine was so close to Dalton that Cyrus couldn’t help but wonder if Dalton was having an affair, 
He was immediately enraged and wanted to barge into the room to demand an explanation and to remind Wynter not to be foolish. 
Sharmaine was fed up as she stepped to the side to block him. “Mr. Whitman, you really shouldn’t interrupt Mr. Yarwood and Ms. Quinnell,” 
Cyrus was puzzled upon hearing this. What was with that tone? Was it just his imagination, or did Sharmaine sound a little scared? 
“Mr. Yarwood is already engaged. I suppose you know that, Madam Loria,” Cyrus reminded her. 
Sharmaine had destroyed way too many relationships and had a reputation that was hard to shake off. She didn’t really mind those rumors. What she minded was that Dalton might misunderstand her! 
“Mr. Whitman, I know what you’re thinking. But my relationship with Mr. Yarwood is completely innocent!” Sharmaine defended herself. 
Cyrus frowned with a hum. Sharmaine could tell that Cyrus was not convinced at all. 
It wasn’t surprising that Cyrus thought this way. Other than the several buddies he had, a few of his uncles all had messy fallouts with their wives for Sharmaine. Some even gave up their inheritance just to be with her. 
Sharmaine’s charm was evident. To make things worse, she would always go after these men with such boldness, only to kick them aside once she got them. 
Chapter 1367 Having un Affair 
Cyrus was truly worried that she might be interested in Dalton. After all, she had always claimed her relationships to be innocent, yet she would never fail to end up with them in the end.. 
Sharmaine gripped the fan in her hand. She gritted her teeth while trying to maintain her smile. “Why do I even need to explain myself to you? It’s not like you have anything to do with Mr. Yarwood.” 
“Madam Loria, his fiancée is my cousin. If you keep up with that attitude, I will seriously have to inform our family about what’s going on with him.” 
Cyrus‘ words made Sharmaine drop her fan. If her reputation affected the image Dalton was trying to uphold, he would probably keep her stuck in a seal for her next life! “Mr. Whitman! We should really have a proper talk!” 
Her love for messing with others was her business, but she prayed that Dalton wouldn’t get dragged in. If 
peace. Dalton got upset and had enough of her clan, there was no way they would ever have 
It could easily stir up trouble for the entire clan if Dalton were to run into someone who was using his name for their own gain. This was especially true considering that Dalton’s soul wasn’t fully intact yet. 
###chapter1388
Chapter 1388 The Dalton in Her Dream 
The atmosphere inside the room was completely different from the outside. 
Wynter was not entirely unaware of Sharmaine’s odd behavior. After all, she was too beautiful. It was as if she possessed some kind of enchantment spell. 
The familiar energy Sharmaine exuded felt like something Wynter had encountered before, but she couldn’t quite recall where. 
Sharmaine had quickly withdrawn any hostility and was remarkably gentle, while Wynter wasn’t one to stir up trouble without reason. 
Additionally, with Dalton massaging her neck so comfortably, it made her head feel a bit foggy. It was as if her blood flow was slowing down, causing her to feel irresistibly sleepy. 
Dora, Carol, and Leo, who were hiding in the lucky coin, didn’t dare show themselves. Or perhaps, they weren’t even around. With their recent arrival in Hawford, they had been more subdued. It seemed almost like something here was affecting them. 
This was something Wynter wanted to investigate. After all, the Winston family seemed to have vanished. after arriving in Hawford as well. 
Even the Special Unit couldn’t track their whereabouts. Aside from their initial contact with the Wray family, no one knew where they had gone afterward. 
This made Wynter feel that something was off. However, she couldn’t afford to divert her attention. There were too many complicated issues in Hawford that she needed to deal with. 
This was precisely why Wynter came to find Dalton today. However
, leaning against him while 
researching was proving to be inefficient. His every movement and breath constantly reminded her of his presence. 
“Don’t you still need to discuss work?” Wynter was still partially rational. She turned to the side to avoid, his fair, slender fingers, hoping to minimize his impact on her. 
“It’s not that important,” Dalton lowered his gaze to Wynter who was in his embrace. 
His posture didn’t change, and he seemed like a gentleman. But in reality, he had enveloped her almost completely from behind. One of his hands rested casually on the couch, while the other massaged her neck. 
His eyes were deep and inscrutable, but they held an intense possessiveness that made it seem like he was almost breaking free from the scarlet rosary bracelets that were constraining him. 
This reminded Wynter of a passage she once read. “The more restrained a person was in everyday life. the more overwhelming they would become when stirred by emotion.” 
Wynter couldn’t help but recall the dream she previously had that seemingly appeared out of nowhere. 
In her everyday interaction with Dalton, he was emotionally stable. He would be impeccably dressed in a suit and was always polite and gentlemanly. It seemed as though nothing could disturb his calm demeanor. 
Yet, in her dreams, he was dangerous and seductive. He was just like a tempting poison, He never allowed her a chance to retreat, ensuring her world revolved solely around 
him. 
Wynter felt a subtle movement in her fingers. It was almost as if her wrists were still bound with silk and the sound of the enchanting bell was still ringing in her ears. 
Chapter 1388 The Dalton in Her Dream 
2.2 
Dalton maintained his refined and ethereal demeanor. His flawless and handsome face held a hint of confusion. “What’s wrong?” 
His deep, sensual voice brushed past her ear. Wynter instinctively tried to stand up, but Dalton was quicker. He gripped her waist. 
The warmth through his suit and trousers was palpable, and she could distinctly feel his heartbeat. It was just as when he had held her from behind, forcing her to admit that she did love this side of him. 
Wynter didn’t know her dreams were capable of holding such great influence over her. She remembered the details so vividly. 
Wynter wanted to calm down first. 
“Where are you going?” Dalton raised an eyebrow. 
“Just getting water.” Wynter felt an inexplicable sense of heat. It felt like her body knew her better than herself. 
Dalton was already strikingly handsome. His deep black eyes were fixed on her. He had pronounced brow bones and an intensely dark gaze. When his eyes met hers, it was hard not to be drawn in. 
Wynter’s heart skipped a beat for no apparent reason. At that moment, she couldn’t quite distinguish whether the man before her was the one from reality or her dreams. 
###chapter1389
Chapter 1389 Love Is in the Air
"Water?" Dalton's gaze shifted downward, his eyes settling on Wynter's long hair. His voice was alluring and low. "Why are your ears red when you just want to get a drink?"
Wynter's fingers paused in midair. "It's hot."
"Hot?" Dalton raised an eyebrow. "It's 70°F. How is that hot?"
Wynter considered snapping at him for his incessant questioning. She wanted to tell him that it was all his fault for doing all that stuff in her dreams and making her overthink. After all, his striking appearance didn't excuse his behavior nor the bondage she had experienced in her dream.
Yet, she couldn't be entirely sure if it was actually Dalton in her dream. Even if it was, it would be a remnant of their past life.
As a cultivator, Wynter understood the implications of frequent dreams. Still, she chose to set these aside. After all, she never believed that the past dictated their current relationship's dynamics.
At the very least, Dalton wouldn't do something like locking her up with chains as he did in her dreams. Imprisonment was illegal, and she'd just lock him up behind prison if he did.
Besides, Dalton was such a refined person. He would always be distant and retreat when she approached him back in the day. Such behavior seemed unlikely to match the scenarios from her dreams.
Wynter decided that she couldn't let herself get lost in these irrational thoughts.
With this in mind, Wynter glanced back at Dalton as she tried to steady her emotions. "I've been feeling a bit heated lately. Anything over 64°F feels hot. So, you, my Handsome Patient, better not provoke me." Dalton truly felt like he had been pricked by a thorny rose for no reason.
From the very first encounter, Dalton knew that Wynter, whether judged by appearance or deeper traits, wasn't one to lash out or hurt others.
But he couldn't help himself. He couldn't resist the urge to get closer and see beneath the surface. After all, she rarely let her emotions show.
But today was different. Dalton found it intriguing.
Dalton's gaze held a hint of surprise, his eyes never leaving Wynter. He watched as she stood up before noting how Wynter flicked her wrist unconsciously. It was as if she was trying to shake off some invincible restraint.
In an instant, Dalton's deep eyes darkened. He suddenly pulled Wynter back into his arms.
Right now, Wynter wanted nothing more than to stand at least three feet away from Dalton. She mainly wanted to get rid of the tingling sensation running through her body and needed to stop thinking about her dream.
She never expected Dalton to pull her back so suddenly. Before she could react, he had turned her around and pinned her against his office chair. One of his hands braced on the desk, and his gaze was intense and lowered.
"I suddenly thought of something," Dalton said.
No matter what came to his mind, he didn't need to get into such a position, did he?
Wynter raised an eyebrow, her beautiful face now showing a hint of impatience.
Dalton laughed as he gently rubbed her wrist with his thumb. "You haven't come to me for money lately."
Money? Wynter looked at him as she lightly touched her neck. She averted her gaze as she cleared her throat softly. "I haven't needed it recently."
Dalton raised an eyebrow. His alluring scent of sandalwood deliberately wafted around them, making it hard for anyone to resist. "Then what's the purpose of having me as your fiancé?"
"I just need you to look pretty," Wynter spoke too fast, and her words slipped out almost instinctively. Dalton paused for a moment. Then, as if a switch had been flipped, he released a bark of laughter. He held her hand and gently played with it. His posture was so intimate and yet so dignified that it was impossible to refuse.
"It seems that our Ms. Quinnell has indeed become quite formidable. It seems you are ready to be throwing money around with flair. Should I offer something in return?"
Wynter realized where this was going. Just as she looked up and was about to refuse...
###chapter1390
Chapter 1390 He Knows Her Body Better Than Her
The warmth of Dalton's lips brushed against the corner of Wynter's. It was light, almost fleeting, yet irresistibly enticing.
His kiss was so delicate that it felt as though it could awaken every memory stored within her body. In that instant, Wynter could almost smell the sandalwood that lingered in her dreams.
The dark mist and countless Fankrit inscriptions were suppressing Dalton, but he ignored it all. He gripped her waist firmly as he whispered deeply in her ear.
Dalton's eyes never left Wynter's face as he kissed her wrist. His presence was so overwhelming that it was impossible to ignore.
The black leather gloves were tossed aside. Wherever his hand touched, Wynter felt as if her skin was on fire. This was especially true when his fingertips brushed over the black mark on her neck.
The sensation intensified. It felt as though something inside her was screaming for control, making her instinctively grab his hand and reverse their roles.
Dalton chuckled, his thin lips brushing against her ear. "So, do you want to continue?"
Wynter had never believed that anyone could truly captivate her. But now, it felt different.
It was as if a god had fallen to earth with his eyes reflecting only her. His presence radiated a controlled intensity, as if daring her to break through his restraint. It promised that if she did, he would be entirely hers.
The question lingered. Would she take that step?
Wynter couldn't quite grasp the emotion surging within her. Before she knew it, her teeth sank into the wrist where Dalton wore the bracelet. A faint, indescribable scent filled her senses, making it hard to pull away.
He scooped her up entirely, one hand gripping her waist as he kissed her with a disregard for anything else around them.
At this moment, Dalton was nothing like the composed man he appeared to be in public. He was burning with nothing but dominance and intensity. Even his breathing became uneven.
But it wasn't just their breathing that shifted. Both their heartbeats echoed in the room, joined by the clatter of a penholder falling to the floor, and the chaos of everything else around them. Yet, Wynter seemed oblivious to it all.
It was as if Dalton knew her body better than she did. He was aware of all her vulnerable spots. A tingling sensation started at the base of Wynter's spine, spreading like wildfire through her entire being,
Compared to Wynter's now disheveled appearance, Dalton remained impeccably dressed. His black trench coat was unwrinkled and was every bit the picture of refined elegance.
"Relax," he whispered against her ear. His eyes were now darker and more intense than ever.
The outfit Wynter wore today had a delicately designed neckline that slightly revealed her slender neck. She paired it with a string of pearls which added a touch of elegance. Yet, despite this refinement, the dark mark on her neck gave her a rebellious, almost youthful edge.
In this world, no one else could evoke the same feelings in him. This was something Dalton had known for a long time. Especially now, as she returned to his presence, she seemed like a blooming lotus, exuding a subtle fragrance and awaiting his touch.
Sunlight streamed through the window, casting a soft golden hue on Wynter's neck. Her eyes, tinged with a hint of red, held a look of defiance as she looked at him with an allure that was almost more captivating than his own.
At that moment, Dalton had a fierce desire to sink his teeth into her neck. He wanted to see the way she furrowed her brow in response. It felt as though he wanted to shatter her, much like how she had looked at him long ago, disheveled and with eyes sparkling with tears.
He found her the most beautiful then, yet she always seemed intent on leaving. Perhaps she had her own preferences, and he just happened to fall outside her aesthetic preferences.
But now, she had no choice in the matter. Whatever her tastes were no longer mattered. She could only belong to him!
###chapter1391
Chapter 1391 Racing Heartbeat
Wynter could sense an inexplicable ferocity emanating from Dalton. It felt as though there was a subtle hint of hatred, or was there?
However, she had no spare thoughts to ponder why.
This was a feeling unlike any Wynter had experienced before. It was as if she was being suspended in mid- air.
Her eyes were open, yet her vision was unfocused. Even Dalton's breath seemed to possess a hint of aggression that infiltrated her entire being with every exhale near her ear.
The moment Dalton's fingertips pressed against her waist, an instinctive urge to push him away surged within her. She hadn't thought that the heat could still be intensified.
It was as if he could ignite her. An unknown fire began to spread from her neck and radiated downward. The heat was so intense that she had to tilt her head back as if that was the only way to breathe.
It was just like that dream where her heartbeat and body temperature felt out of control between sleep and wakefulness. She could barely recall it now. But this was different because Wynter was acutely aware that this was reality.
From the periphery of her vision, she could catch glimpses of the vast river view outside the windows. It wasn't entirely vivid, but it was enough to ground her in the present moment.
The overwhelming sensation compelled her to reach out and grip Dalton's trench coat.
For a moment, his face was strikingly vivid to her. It was a look she had never seen before. He was both restrained and poised, yet on the brink of eruption.
Despite his usual composure and aloofness, his eyes betrayed his emotions. His breath was low and heavy, making it inexplicably sensual.
Once his calm facade was broken, Wynter found herself drawn to see what other expressions he might reveal. It felt as though she held the power to uncover all of his hidden facets.
This sensation she experienced amplified the pleasure her body felt in ways she struggled to describe. The warm breath brushing against her ear was addictively enticing.
The reflections on the glass windows danced with shifting shadows. Wynter had no idea what she looked like at that moment.
There was a playful, almost sinister quality to her expression, with the corners of her eyes glistening with tears yet devoid of any plea for mercy. The tear mole on her face, usually subtle, was now strikingly prominent, like an alluring enigma.
Dalton wouldn't have stopped at all if it weren't for the approaching footsteps.
Normally, no one would dare disturb Dalton. But thanks to Cyrus, who insisted on getting an explanation, Shermaine didn't have a choice. After all, if this continued, it could tarnish Dalton's reputation within the Whitman family.
Shermaine didn't understand what Cyrus was so worried about. Did the Whitmans really fear something like infidelity?
As someone who stood by Dalton's side for over a century, Shermaine had always believed that nothing could truly stir Dalton's emotions.
After all, he was indifferent to matters of love and relationships. His heart was as unshakable as a calm
sea. There was no way-
Shermaine's further thoughts came to an abrupt stop.
What unfolded before her eyes was utterly unbelievable. The usually aloof Dalton was holding Wynter by the waist, his gaze momentarily shifting toward them.
His strikingly handsome face was still marked by lingering desire. It was a jarring contrast to his usual demeanor.
Even Cyrus was momentarily stunned. He had never seen a man so dangerously alluring. Despite his frequent exposure to high-profile events and extravagant parties abroad, nothing compared to this.
It was as if everything around Dalton, including the sky outside the window, existed merely to accentuate his presence.
Dalton seemed entirely indifferent. The gaze he directed at them was icy and detached to the core as if conveying a simple, unspoken message, "Who gave you the permission to enter?"
###chapter1392
Chapter 1392 Lose Your Rationality
But leaving was almost impossible now.
Wynter's movements were quick, though not awkward. Through the translucent folding screen, her laughter drifted out. It sounded somewhat different from her usual self. "Such a pity."
Upon hearing this, Dalton's hand, which had been gently arranging her hair, paused. His voice remained as melodious as ever. "I could have them leave."
"Unfortunately, one of them is my cousin." Wynter glanced at Dalton.
The elegant curve of his collarbone was striking. It was no wonder he was once described as a rare, elusive flower, with many socialites eager for just a glimpse of his smile.
Wynter had always given little thought to matters of an intimate nature. Countless times she had administered acupuncture treatments with a clear mind and no ulterior motives.
However, things seemed different now. It was hard to pinpoint why, but she felt the need to seriously reconsider things. The strikingly handsome Dalton seemed to have a way of making it difficult for her to maintain her usual rationality.
Dalton withdrew his hand, his gaze lowering. "I should meet your cousin. I heard that the Whitmans like to put those involved in marriage alliances through a bit of a test."
"Hmm?" Wynter hadn't really considered that. Dalton didn't seem like someone who cared about such matters, either.
Indeed, Dalton had once been indifferent to such matters. However, considering his past decision to call off the engagement, things had changed.
Had it not been for that foolish decision, Wynter would've already been part of the Yarwood family, and he wouldn't need to worry about her having any second thoughts. After all, the current era was quite favorable since marriage was bound by legality.
Dalton was a man who could control everything. Well, except for the few troublesome brothers-in-law who seemed to always find fault with him.
It was quite remarkable that Wynter was able to tell what Dalton was thinking from his silence. As she fastened the buttons of Dalton's white shirt, she flashed a playful smile. "My cousin isn't very brave. Don't scare him."
"Understood." His fingertips brushed over the marks she had left, which now stood out as dark smudges.
Wynter's fingers paused when she realized for the first time how much pressure she had applied. The marks were now clearly visible, likely due to his fair complexion. She didn't intend for it to be so noticeable.
Before she could react further, Dalton had already guided her into the lounge. "Go wash your face. We can continue discussing things later."
Shermaine and Cyrus, who were still standing by the door, could only catch glimpses of shadows but heard nothing of the conversation within.
Wynter was previously unaware that a folding screen could be used in such a way.
Dalton emerged from the folding screen first. His imposing height and presence made it impossible for him to blend into the background. He simply lifted his eyelids and cast a glance at Cyrus. "Cyrus?"
Cyrus felt an inexplicable weight on his shoulders, threatening to crush him. He had encountered many
people from the aristocratic circle, even those of similar stature to Noah. But few, if any, had a presence like Dalton's.
It was hard to describe. Dalton exuded a presence that was both righteous and sinister. His face was the epitome of a heartthrob.
His mere presence made people gravitate toward him. Yet, his overly charming, pale face and his intense gaze would make one hesitate to approach.
Cyrus almost wanted to ask if he had ever taken a life.
Without the bracelet on Dalton's wrist, few could look directly at him without feeling overwhelmed. Shermaine had no idea what Cyrus felt, but all she wanted was to leave the room as quickly as possible.
Her shock was comparable to the devastation of an entire clan's annihilation. How could Dalton possibly be moved by emotions?
Shermaine had seen countless people fall for him. Even when disregarding Dalton's status, he had always been a source of unease for others. That was because he seemed to care about nothing. But now...
###chapter1393
Chapter 1393 Wynter’s Wit 
Shermaine didn’t dare to think any further. In fact, she now believed that it wouldn’t be too bad to stay in the underworld for a few more years. 
Dalton paid little attention to her. His gaze remained firmly on Cyrus before politely asking, “Are you not taking a seat, Cyrus?” 
Cyrus had forgotten the reason for his visit, let alone sitting down. 
At Dalton’s prompt, Cyrus seemed to snap back to reality. “I… Mr. Yarwood, forgive my bluntness, but what exactly is your relationship with Madam Loria?” 
“An employment relationship.” Dalton cast a sidelong glance at Shermaine. “Madam Loria? That title is new to me.” 
Cyrus hesitated before responding, “An employment relationship?” 
“Yes,” Dalton said matter–of–factly, as if discussing the most mundane of topics. “Isn’t it obvious?” 
Cyrus didn’t expect the Yarwood family to be involved in such “business” ventures. 
Noticing the confusion on Cyrus‘ face, Dalton immediately understood that his people had been causing a stir in Hawford, and he was now implicated. 
He felt the need to clarify, especially given Cyrus was from the Whitman family. “She was deliberately placed into the Wray family. The Yarwood family also needs to establish a presence in the Hawford’s market.” 
So, that was the case… 
Wynter observed the bracelet beads scattered across the floor. Her fingers traced a bead as she pondered the situation. 
She had been curious about Shermaine’s intricacies. Though Dalton’s explanation did make sense, there were still some puzzling aspects. 
Cyrus, however, was greatly shocked. He had seen how the Wray family operated behind the scenes. But he had never encountered anyone who could place someone so close to Kenton. 
It wasn’t just Kenton. The people Shermaine knew were people of considerable standing in Hawford and not merely business figures. 
Shermaine didn’t deny it. She was more than ready to agree with whatever Dalton said. “Mr. Yarwood’s network is deeply embedded. That’s why I was cautious about revealing my identity. Mr. Whitman, please don’t read too much into it.” 
Cyrus was still processing the information when Wynter walked out. She squeezed a bracelet bead on her hand and asked with a light smile, “Cyrus, what are you thinking about?” 
“Perhaps about my private life,” Dalton answered for Cyrus with a gentle cough and a hint of amusement.” My subordinate’s actions must have led to such speculations.” 
Wynter raised an eyebrow before her gaze fell on Shermaine. “Are you Madam Loria?” 
Shermaine could hardly bring herself to look directly at Wynter. She knew all too well that Wynter was the Teason 
Dalton had suffered. She couldn’t help but wonder if Wynter knew that Dalton had nearly broken 
her legs previously. 
Shermaine assumed that Wynter was most likely unaware of this past conflict. After all, the scars on 
Chapter 1393 Wynter’s Wit 
Dalton’s body were all inflicted by Wynter. 
Clearly, Wynter had forgotten the grudges between them. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have allowed Dalton to hold her so freely just moments ago. 
“Yes, Mrs. Yarwood.” Shermaine was terrified to expose even a single trace of her energy. After all, she knew better than anyone the cultivation power Wynter possessed. 
Wynter took a few steps closer, her gaze lingering on Shermaine’s brow. Her fingers lightly toyed with the bracelet beads. Her presence was unmistakable despite standing next to Dalton. 
“Madam Loria, I’m just asking, but have we met before?” 
Shermaine’s response was swift. “No. With a distinct presence like yours, I’d definitely remember if we had.” 
“Oh?” Wynter chuckled softly, and her thoughts remained inscrutable. “That makes sense. Someone like you, Madam Loria, is certainly not easy to forget, either.” 
Shermaine silently wished Wynter could forget her. 
Wynter wasn’t–the type to make things difficult for others. However, Shermaine’s immediate denial seemed almost too quick, suggesting she was concealing something. 
Dalton was like a puzzle, and so were the people around him. Wynter couldn’t help but wonder what the final picture would look like when all the pieces fell into place. 
###chapter1394
Chapter 1394 They Do Not Know Each Other Well
After being together for so long, Wynter suddenly realized there was perhaps still a distance between her and Dalton.
No, "distance" wasn't quite the right word. It was more like they didn't fully understand each other yet. Her handsome fiancé always seemed to have a veil of mystery about him. To be precise, he wasn't entirely open with her. Thinking about this, Wynter felt a bit stifled in her chest.
Just as she was about to say something, her phone rang in her pocket. It was a call from the Wray Family, and it seemed urgent-otherwise, they wouldn't have called her so frantically.
She glanced at the two people in front of her.
Dalton smiled lightly. "Cyrus, if you have any questions, feel free to discuss them with Ms. Loria."
Shermaine responded quickly, "Mr. Whitman, let's step outside."
Meanwhile, Cyrus was still confused the whole time.
"Wait," Wynter said, picking up the phone. She believed in keeping work and personal matters separate. I just heard Ms. Loria came from the Wray Family's bar. Let's talk later."
Hearing this, Shermaine froze for a moment and glanced at Dalton. Seeing his indifferent expression, she understood she had to handle this herself.
She nodded stiffly. "Feel free to reach out to me anytime if you want to discuss anything, Ms. Quinnell." Watching her leave in her elegant dress, Wynter felt a bit puzzled. She raised an eyebrow slightly when they left. "Ms. Loria seems a bit afraid of me."
"Is that so?" Dalton smiled faintly while unwrapping a sandwich and handing it to her.
She took a bite and answered the call directly in front of Dalton as she didn't intend to hide anything from him. "Go ahead. What's happening with the Wray Family?"
Abel, who was on the other end of the call, could tell that she wasn't in a position to ask specific questions earlier, so he lowered his voice.
"Kenton secretly invited a few people to dinner. It's unrelated to the factory, but we're not sure what he's planning."
She grabbed Dalton's laptop with the sandwich still in her mouth. "Who did he invite? Give me their names."
"Addison Barker, Jessica Parry, and Danni McCarthy. They're not significant figures, but Kenton did make a point of inviting them to dinner."
As Abel relayed the information, Wynter quickly pulled up details on the three people. Her expression was sharp as she looked at the webpage. "They hold some quite useful positions."
"What?" Abel didn't catch what she said but felt compelled to mention, "Boss, I have a bad feeling about that scholarship fund Kenton is involved in, but it's tough to investigate. Their defenses are too tight."
Her long fingers halted when she heard what Abel said. "Is the scholarship fund active?"
"Not yet, but soon. I sense Kenton is in a hurry. I don't know what he's rushing for, but his connections are well hidden. I feel like this won't be easy.
"Boss, don't you know someone in Southdale? He's returned to Kingbourne. Maybe you should reach out.
This scholarship fund isn't something just anyone can look into."
Sensing his concern, she replied, "Alright. I'll get in touch with that person. Be careful out there. Keep that lucky coin I gave you with you at all times."
"Got it. Boss, about that lucky coin... Where did you get it?"
Wynter replied casually, "I prayed for it. Why?"
"It always feels cold, but it's brought me some luck. I almost got caught the other day, but the coin fell, and it saved me from being discovered."
Abel touched the coin in his pocket as he spoke. "Also, Boss, I looked into Yvette like you asked. She really has changed. Ever since Kenton visited her, she hasn't interacted with anyone much."
Wynter seemed to have caught onto something. "Did Kenton meet those three people before or after that day?"
###chapter1395
Chapter 1395 Joining Forces
Although Abel didn't know why Wynter asked that question, he remembered the details very clearly. "It was after."
Wynter tapped her fingers rhythmically on the table. "No wonder the Wray Family suddenly changed their long-standing market strategy. I get it now."
Abel wondered what she meant by that.
Before he could ask, she continued, "Some people are just trying to cheat. Keep an eye on things over there, and stay safe. If something happens, come to me first.
"As you said, their influence runs deep, so there's no need to involve the police. Just make sure to keep the evidence."
"Understood, Boss." Before hanging up, he asked, "Should we continue keeping an eye on the stock market?"
She smirked. "Yes, we should. They're not the only ones who know how to cheat."
Yvette was reborn, but Wynter probably was, too. She knew what the other party knew as well.
However, she had never thought of using this knowledge to her advantage mostly because she never needed to. But now, it seemed like it wasn't entirely useless.
If everything from her dreams turned out to be true, then it meant that in her previous life, Yvette only made it to Kingbourne.
Using her status as a top medical student, she claimed Margaret's medical manuscripts as her own, gaining quite a bit of fame in the medical field. As for everything else, she didn't accomplish much.
Most of Wynter's dreams were about her own fate. Yvette's appearance was probably because she envied how smooth Yvette's path had been deep down.
Now, she no longer felt that envy. She was more interested in what people who were reborn could know about the future.
She was lost in thought when Dalton glanced over at her. She didn't pay much attention, nor did she think about being guarded. Her focus was still on those three people's profiles.
"Are you planning to acquire some land?" Dalton tapped the screen, and his gaze was calm. "Don't go down the wrong path. I have connections if you really want it."
Hearing this, she looked up and couldn't help but laugh. The more she laughed, the harder it was to stop. Dalton merely raised an eyebrow at her.
Wynter finally composed herself and asked, "Do I look like someone who would take the wrong path?" "You do," Dalton replied nonchalantly while feeding her a cookie. "What I meant was that you don't have to go through so much trouble. If you want the Wray Family gone, I can get it done faster."
The people behind the Wray Family might be the ones supporting him, so he also wanted to find out who they exactly were.
Of course, he could keep a low profile if she handled it, but it didn't really matter to him. Whether he kept a low profile or not, those people wouldn't survive anyway.
Wynter choked on her cookie. "I feel like you're the one who's more likely to take the wrong path."
She had a pretty good grasp of the Yarwood family's financial power. But when it came to Dalton, she
couldn't quite figure him out. After all, she had never seen anyone in the business world who dared to go up against him.
Her handsome fiancé seemed to have a knack for keeping his distance from the business circle, despite being a part of it. He never had to play nice with anyone and simply had to attend a lot of meetings.
"I'll handle it," Wynter said while chewing on the cookie as her gaze met his. "But I do need your help with something."
Dalton traced her lip with his thumb, signaling for her to continue.
She held his wrist, and her eyes were dark and intense. "I'll be the bait out in the open while you help me stir things up behind the scenes."
He was smart, so he could tell what she wanted to do from just her first sentence. "Do you mean you want me to manipulate and short the stock market for you?"
Wynter's eyes lit up. "Exactly. No one else is decisive enough."
Dalton was different. He was even more reckless than she was and incredibly cunning, so no one could outmaneuver him.
###chapter1396
Chapter 1396 Game of Survival
With Dalton monitoring the stock market, Wynter could walk right into Kenton's trap. That way, Kenton would be completely at ease.
People would often become overconfident when they were doing well, and that was when they tended to double down. Wynter had dabbled in the stock market before and understood these psychological tendencies very well.
As for Yvette, she never considered eliminating her in the past. But this time, things were different. There was a limit to how much one could tolerate aiding and abetting evil.
She didn't believe that Yvette could predict the stock market's movements with complete accuracy. That was impossible, just like how she didn't have a complete understanding of everything.
The logic was simple-if something wasn't within the scope of what one was familiar with, even if they knew about some news at the time, they wouldn't know the specifics of how it would unfold. At most, they would only know the outcome.
The reason why Wynter thought about the news was because she had carefully analyzed it. All of Yvette's actions were centered around major events that she knew about. However, she was unaware of the smaller and more intricate details.
Wynter imagined herself in Yvette's position. She might remember which lottery would win but not the exact drawing. Nobody knew they were going to be reborn, so the most likely source of information was the internet.
So, Yvette was indeed a useful tool for Wynter's opponents to use against Wynter. But at the same time, she was also the sharp blade that would allow Wynter to strike back even faster.
By using a strategy of "fighting fire with fire", Wynter could draw out even bigger fish. She wanted to see who could stand in her way.
Dalton seemed to sense her intent and looked up at Wynter. "Alright. It's my pleasure if I can help you."
If Shermaine, who had just left, saw this scene, she would definitely wonder if he had lost a piece of his soul somewhere.
After all, he was always so proud and never constrained or controlled by anyone, always doing things his way. That was why many people who wanted to collaborate with the Yarwood family were turned away.
But now, Dalton seemed like a completely different person.
Wynter, however, didn't think it was strange. If she was going to bring someone in to work with her, the profits and information had to be shared then.
So, the first question she asked was, "Do you believe in reincarnation?"
Dalton didn't know she was referring to Yvette. His fingers paused momentarily, but he didn't avoid her gaze.
Seeing the mark on her neck, he knew that her memories had almost fully returned. Given how familiar she was with his body, he also knew it wouldn't be long before she truly remembered the past.
He didn't want them to return to their old relationship. But, if she did remember and began to test him, he still wanted to linger in the present for a while longer. After all, the past was too awful.
Dalton's Adam's apple bobbed slightly, as if it were difficult for him to say it, but his voice remained clear and cold. "I believe it."
"Do you?"
Wynter was about to give him a scientific explanation, but to her surprise, he just nodded and said, "And then?"
He was curious if she remembered the past. Would she rather he never woke up and stayed buried in Mount Etna forever?
Wynter didn't understand his sudden coldness. She pressed down on his wrist with one hand and took another bite of the cookie he was holding.
"Yvette was reborn. Kenton's hasty land acquisition is probably based on information he got from her." "Yvette?" Dalton squinted. She had just mentioned reincarnation, but it was about Yvette and not him. Seeing the unfamiliar look of surprise on his face, she thought he had forgotten who Yvette was and explained, "She's my grandmother's biological granddaughter."
Then, she added, "Or maybe she isn't. We still need to investigate that. But she's definitely reborn. That much is true."
As she spoke, she suddenly got interested. "Do you know what being reborn means? It's like what you read in novels, where someone goes back in time and..."
"Buy all the lottery tickets they didn't buy before." Dalton pointed to the word "lottery" she had just written, raising an eyebrow slightly. "Her ambition is low."
When it comes to money, how could ambition be considered low?
Wynter lazily propped her chin on her hand and noticed something. "You don't seem too surprised that Yvette was reborn. Normally, wouldn't people find that unbelievable?"
"I am surprised." He draped his suit jacket over her shoulders. "When she came to the Yarwood family before, there were many things she said that didn't quite add up. What you're saying now explains it all— she was reborn."
There was a playful look on his face when he said the word "reborn",
"In her memory from the previous life, I died in a car accident. It was a short life, nothing like the long life I've had now."
Hearing this, Wynter frowned. "Her memories mean nothing. You're alive and well. You'll live a long life." She didn't like hearing him talk about death at all. No one else could take away the person she saved from her. She would fight anyone who tried.
Wynter's protective stance was clear, and her eyes were cold.
Dalton noticed and paused for a moment before speaking again. "Yes, I'll live a long life."
Only then did she smile and release his wrist. "As long as I'm here, no one can hurt you. Not even someone who was reborn."
"Yes. You're truly remarkable, Dr. Genius," Dalton said before pulling her up. "Let's get you something to eat first. Sandwiches aren't very nutritious."
She wanted to discuss the evidence with him, but he loved taking her out to eat and drink too much. She couldn't stop him.
"You're still not surprised enough," she said while poking his handsome and distinguished face with her finger. "Aren't businessmen supposed to want some kind of cheat-code soulmate to help them?"
He glanced at her and suddenly laughed. "Are you jealous?"
"I just think it's necessary to understand your thoughts."
All of Wynter's dreams were about herself. If the idea of rebirth was real, based on her memories of her previous life before she woke up, he wasn't particularly good or bad to her. He was just like an ex-fiancée who had broken off the engagement.
However, she remembered that he had asked her about Yvette.
There were some things she couldn't quite figure out, and with her personality, she wouldn't hold back. She would just ask directly, like now.
Dalton lowered his eyes slightly. "Besides you, I have no thoughts about anyone or anything else. It's normal not to be surprised. Speaking of thoughts, what about you? What do you see me as?"
Wynter didn't expect to be turned around like this. She paused and smiled. "My fiancé."
"Really? I thought we were just ordinary online friends." He showed her his phone.
She hadn't replied to his messages much. She wasn't too busy to do it, either, so she felt a bit guilty."
Things will be different once the Wray family's matter is settled."
He never really got angry, though his mood wasn't great when he didn't hear from her. It reminded him of the time in the mountains when he was left behind while she took others for training.
He curled his lips into a cold smile. It was the kind of cold that seemed to seep into one's bones.
But he didn't show anything outwardly, as he didn't think there was anything wrong with the present situation. At least there weren't as many annoying people around her now.
"I really won't do it again." She had never been in a relationship before, so she wasn't great at comforting
people.
However, it was true that she only sought someone out when they crossed her mind. If she were a guy, she would be called a jerk by now.
Wynter decided to reflect on her behavior. "How about I make you a suit?"
"A suit?" Dalton's gaze shifted over.
She nodded. "Being a designer isn't just for show. Besides, your birthday's coming up."
He had never celebrated his birthday as he wasn't interested in it. Plus, now that his soul was almost fully restored, celebrating his birthday could have repercussions both in the human world and the underworld. But he really did want a suit made by her, so he agreed softly, "Alright."
Wynter wasn't particularly skilled in matters of the heart. Most of the time, she was indifferent.
But she didn't want him to think she was just playing around. After all, he was genuinely good to her.
Who else would want to take her out to eat and drink unconditionally or use their own life to erase the personal burdens she carried? Probably only Dalton would.
One couldn't deny that money truly was a great thing. It allowed one to enjoy pizza anywhere one went to.
After finishing the conversation about Yvette's rebirth, Wynter didn't avoid Cyrus and called him over to
join them for dinner.
Dalton had no ions. In the presence of an "elder", he remained polite and composed. One of his hands rested on the back of Wynter's chair while the other served her some pepperoni pizza.
It was an ordinary gesture, but somehow, when he did it, it was remarkably pleasing to the eye. Maybe it had to do with his demeanor, or perhaps it was just his face.
Wynter had been hungry for a while. She ate with refined manners while still getting her points across."
Cyrus, I want to acquire some land."
"Acquire land? You?" Cyrus was puzzled. Why acquire land now? Wasn't she focusing on developing the
food industry?
Wynter simply responded, "Yes, land. I need you to find someone for me."
Cyrus wanted to , but seeing Dalton sitting across from him made him hesitate.
He had just inquired about him with his uncle, and sure enough, Dalton was ruthless in business and never
lost money.
Whoever crossed paths with him might end up swallowed whole, yet what was remarkable was that he
never used any underhanded tricks like the Wray family. Everything was above board, and he even had the clout to go head-to-head with the Darnell family.
Still, the Yarwood family had always kept a low profile.
Seeing that Dalton had no ions, Cyrus struggled to express his concerns. "Acquiring land isn't a
small matter."
"It's fine. I have enough money," Wynter replied nonchalantly.
Cyrus glanced at Dalton before continuing, "That's not what I meant. I think you should
least discuss
this with Grandpa." "There's no need to trouble Grandpa with something like this." She wiped her hands. "Besides, I also want to trade stocks, and there's no way Grandpa would approve of that."
Cyrus was taken aback, and his voice faltered slightly. "Are you really planning to trade stocks, too?"
He knew exactly what the family thought about such things. Real entrepreneurs wouldn't solely rely on
stock trading.
Even though he had been studying abroad, he had heard bits and pieces about the past. Shane... Forget it.
He might as well be blunt. "Shane-your dad..." Cyrus took a deep breath. "Back when he came to Hawford, he got involved in stocks. Not only did he get himself burned, but he also dragged down my dad and uncle.
"He kept going on about some projects, and it was ridiculous. If it weren't for the connection between our families, there was no way my smart uncle would have used his own money to cover his mess."
###chapter1397
Chapter 1397 Do Not Invest in Stocks
Cyrus got more and more agitated as he spoke, practically waving his arms around like he wanted to rip Shane apart right then and there.
Wynter quickly stepped in to calm him down. Otherwise, anyone passing by might think he had escaped from some mental hospital in Hawford.
Shane had indeed made quite a few foolish mistakes. Wynter hadn't known before, but she found out everything she needed to know after a quick investigation in Hawford.
Fabian felt guilty toward Reuben because of what Shane had done. So, Cyrus, despite his usual timid nature, wasn't wrong about this.
Back then, when Shane came to Hawford, he thought he could make it big and ended up using the Whitman family's resources and money to fill in his debts. He got conned by a lot of people, and the Whitman family lost quite a bit of money and resources.
Not only was he foolish, but he was also malicious, leaving a mess for the Whitman family to clean up. "Cyrus, calm down for a second. I know that Shane's actions back then caused a lot of trouble for the Whitman family. He's facing his punishment now and won't be coming out.
"You hate him, and so do I. What's done is done, so let's not bring him up anymore. We shouldn't let him affect the Quinnell and Whitman families anymore. He doesn't deserve it."
Cyrus had never seen someone talk so badly about their own father. However, he could tell that Wynter disliked Shane even more than he did.
Wynter let Cyrus sit down before continuing, "If it weren't for him, my mom wouldn't have gotten so sick. He's just good at pretending.
"So, Shane is Shane, and I am me. We are not on the same path at all, and I have my own plans. And if what I'm planning this time works out, it could bring huge profits."
"But the stock market has so many unpredictable factors," "Cyrus said hesitantly. "There are so many experts in Hawford's financial circles, but none of them can guarantee they're foolproof."
"That's true, which is why I have other plans, too. Mrs. Montclair Senior has always wanted you to learn how to do business, interact with businesspeople, and make money.
"This time, I'll show you. You need to learn seriously and stop following the Montclair family's every arrangement. There's no need to blindly admire foreign things.
"Our culture's depth can't be matched by other countries. This time, I'll show you what I mean."
Cyrus calmed down from his earlier outburst. Hearing what Wynter said, he paused and asked, "Weren't we just talking about the stock market?"
"We'll get to the stock market later. This topic concerns you too, so you shouldn't be left out of the loop." Wynter propped her chin on her hand and continued, "Right now, the main thing is to acquire some land and let the Wray family see that I'm making moves."
Cyrus agreed, "Alright. Just let me know which piece of land you're interested in in Hawford, and I'll find the right connections to help you get it. But as for the stock market, I don't know much about that. I can help with the land, though."
"Great. I'll give you the details on the land later. As for the stock market, you'll need to get involved even if you're not familiar with it." She smiled. "It's more believable that way."
He didn't quite understand what she meant by that.
The next moment, she made it clear. "After all, our opponent is the Wray family. Don't tell Grandpa about this as he definitely wouldn't approve. Let's just say this is our first project together as cousins. I hope you can handle it well."
Cyrus jumped up from his seat. "You're planning to go head-to-head with the Wray family in the stock market? Do you have any idea how skilled they are in this area? Never mind all the traders they have, the capital behind them is almost unfathomable!"
"Which is exactly why the stock market is the quickest way to drain their resources," Wynter said casually.
His eyes were still wide with shock. After all, he had studied finance abroad and knew all too well how risky this could be!
###chapter1398
hapter 1398 You Cannot Win 
Cyrus asked, “Why are you doing this? There’s no need to destroy the Wray family right away. Besides, you 
can’t win. 
“Didn’t you join the business association to take things step by step? You’ve only just arrived in Hawford. Why are you in such a hurry?“. 
“Does it seem like I’m in a hurry?” Wynter thought to herself that if it weren’t for wanting to lure out the backer behind the Wray family, she would have tied Kenton to the front of the financial building and let people take pictures all day. 
Why bother playing these mind games? It would be unnecessary. But the truth was, the situation behind this was too complicated, with too many people involved. 
Even in a case as obvious as the bar incident, the Wray family still had countless ways out. It was clear that someone knowledgeable was giving them advice, and there must be people cleaning up the traces. 
It was easy to catch a couple of low–level scapegoats, but her goal had always been to root out everyone responsible for spreading rumors about Marie all those years ago. 
For some reason, she had a feeling that while it seemed like the enemy was targeting the Whitman family, in reality, the true target was the Quinnell family. They didn’t want the Chamber of Commerce to fall back into the Quinnell family’s hands 
She wasn’t referring to the other businessmen but to the people much deeper in the shadows. 
Upon realizing that he couldn’t convince her, Cyrus was genuinely worried. “I’ve never seen anyone in Hawford who could compete with the Wray family in terms of cash flow. Do you have enough funds for the stock market or acquiring land?” 
Dalton had just placed a piece of pepperoni pizza on Wynter’s plate and casually said after hearing Cyrus speak, “I’ll personally put in two billion.” 
Cyrus paused, and his expression changed as he looked at Wynter. “Is the Yarwood family really that wealthy? Do you not care about losing or winning?” 
“He’s just joking.” She almost choked on the pizza. “I don’t need his money for now.” 
Cyrus continued to stare at Dalton. Both of them were from the third generation of wealthy families, but when Dalton mentioned two billion, it was as if he were talking about two million. 
There were still differences between them, and Dalton was talking about his personal funds. 
Dalton didn’t seem to react to Cyrus‘ gaze. Just like before, he had barely eaten anything and instead spent most of his time putting food on Wynter’s plate. 
Cyrus took a sip of tea to calm his frustration before looking back at Wynter and feeling a little calmer. ” There’s a Ms. Yates with the Wray family. You know about her, right?” 
Wynter hadn’t expected him to mention Yvette. She raised an eyebrow. “Yes, I do. Why?” 
“I heard you beat her in the product selection contest at the Chamber, but she’s incredibly skilled at predicting the stock market. I’m not superstitious, but I have to admit that she’s like magic. 
“I followed a friend’s lead on a few of her stock picks, and they’ve already doubled. With someone like that helping the Wray family, do you really want to take them on in the stock market?” 
Cyrus wasn’t completely clueless but just didn’t understand. He continued, genuinely concerned, “Your strength is clearly in running businesses, and the older generation acknowledges that. 
Chapter 1398 You Cannot Win 
“Why are you venturing into an area where you’re not as skilled? You don’t stand a chance.” 
Her smile deepened when she heard this. “Cyrus, the truth is that I’m the true medium. I’m a bit superstitious myself and have a knack for predicting things. 
“I recently did a reading for the Wray family, and it looks like they’re heading for bankruptcy. Plus, I know a little about the stock market. It’s not as bad as you think.” 
“I just…” He wanted to bury his head in his hands as he was overwhelmed with frustration. 
Under these circumstances, he wouldn’t take her words seriously. Mediums and prediction? Freedom, democracy, and science were the real deal. As someone who had studied abroad, he could only think she was spouting nonsense. 
###chapter1399
Chapter 1399 
Dalton glanced over with a hint of curiosity, wondering how much stock market knowledge Wynter actually had. After all, when she said she knew “a little“, it usually meant something entirely different from what others might think. 
At the dining table, Cyrus was the only one who didn’t know much about her. But when she asked him to do something, he didn’t dare to refuse. 
He immediately started pulling strings in his social circles, and within an hour, the news reached Kenton. 
Kenton’s smile was unsettling. “Real estate? So, does the Whitman family want a piece of the pie, too?” 
“Mr. Wray, it’s just as you predicted. It’s not just about real estate,” Adrien reported while handing him the information. “It seems that Wynter also wants to dabble in the stock market. It’s a good thing you planted the bait with Cyrus from the start.” 
This was the first time in days that Kenton seemed to relax. His face was cold and menacing. “Fine. Let them enter the market. I don’t care what they try, but make sure the Quinnell family loses everything in the stock market.” 
“Understood,” Adrien replied. 
Just as he was about to leave, Kenton stopped him. “Send a few people to have a little ‘chat‘ with that arrogant Ms. Quinnell. After all, if she wants to buy land, she should learn a bit about how things work around here.” 
Adrien knew exactly what Kenton meant. He wasn’t about to let the Quinnell family have an easy time. 
Kenton’s confidence stemmed from the fact that he held a trump card–Yvette. He didn’t believe Wynter had any chance against him. Besides, he thought the Whitman family would soon have their hands full. 
Previously, he had been cautious, especially with the scholarship fund investigation going on. 
! 
But now he felt nothing was holding him back, and it was time to make a move. The recent demand for” goods” had been unusual, and finding what was needed wasn’t as easy as it used to be. 
Not that he was worried about his “friends” not being accommodating. After all, he still had some incriminating videos from the bar in his possession. 
Everyone who had ever been there had something to hide. The challenge was making everything seem legitimate, especially with the current strict hospital inspections. 
As Kenton pondered his next steps, an idea suddenly came to him. 
Meanwhile, Wynter’s plans to acquire land and dabble in the stock market might have escaped Reuben’s notice, but they certainly hadn’t gone unnoticed by Taylor. 
In the business world, proving oneself would take more than just a single success. One needed multiple wins to show that it wasn’t just luck. But Wynter’s bold move made the Wray family scoff. 
“Is that it? She’s just like her father.” 
“She gets a little success and immediately gets overconfident by buying land and investing in the stock market.” 
“She’s just setting herself up to lose money.” 
These were the comments circulating in their circles. 
As her uncle, Taylor was more direct. “Was this Cyrus‘ idea, or did you come up with it on your own?” 
Wynter wasn’t planning on dodging the question. “It wasn’t Cyrus, Uncle Taylor. This is my plan. I won’t lose money by getting into real estate now, but that might not be the case in the future.” 
She could foresee that in the future, property would lose its value. But policies would always come from above, and only then would they have an impact. 
For example, ordinary people never knew when they might become the next to benefit from urban renewal projects. They wouldn’t know which areas might be designated as special zones or hubs for large–scale development, whether it was an airport or a central transport hub. 
While others might not know these things, Yvette, who had lived through it once already, certainly did. 
By following the three people Kenton had made contact with, Wynter could roughly figure out where they were targeting. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1400
Chapter 1400 
It seemed the official documents had been released from above, but they were still vague. 
As the head of a listed company, Taylor was quite different from Cyrus. “If you really want to acquire land, you’ll have to deal with the relevant departments. Cyrus‘ connections aren’t nearly enough, so I’ll go instead.” 
He was worried Wynter might get taken advantage of. After all, there were too many ins and outs in this business. 
“That won’t be necessary for now, Uncle Taylor. Don’t worry. I’ll let you know if I need your help,” Wynter said with a smile. “I’d like to handle this myself first.” 
Taylor couldn’t shake the feeling that she was up to something else. He paused for a moment before saying, “Mr. Quinnell Senior left quite a few connections in Hawford. They spanned all sorts of circles, high and low. 
“There’s one old–timer named Mr. Sinclair. He has more influence in this area than even the Whitman family. Should I arrange an introduction for you?” 
The name “Mr. Sinclair” was one Wynter had heard as soon as she arrived in Hawford. He was over 100 years old now and rarely showed his face. 
In his day, he had ties with both the underworld and the authorities. But nowadays, no matter what 
happened in Hawford, it seemed to have nothing to do with him. 
Wynter had looked into it and knew that Kenton didn’t dare to provoke him, either. But her approach wasn’t overly complicated. After all, she had many secrets that no one knew. 
“No need. I have a feeling I might run into him,” she said. Her intuition was rarely wrong. 
Taylor thought for a moment and decided to remind her, “Mr. Quinnell Senior did him a favor, but he doesn’t think much of the Quinnell family’s descendants.” 
Wynter didn’t need him to elaborate and could easily guess who he was referring to. Shane, that scoundrel, certainly didn’t seem like a worthy successor to Gordon. 
This might also be related to other factors. She always had the sense that Shane being raised into uselessness was somehow orchestrated by someone. 
Previously, she hadn’t given it much thought, assuming it was just typical corporate infighting. But since coming to Hawford and meeting Cyrus, the more she dealt with the problems left behind by Shane, the more she discovered. 
Whenever a potential heir was raised into uselessness, the impact on a family was immense. It wasn’t surprising that the Montclair family had their own agendas. 
After all, who wasn’t somewhat blinded by greed? And it was precisely this cultivation under the guise of familial love that was most likely to lead to trouble. 
Wynter fiddled with the purple sugilite pendant and said humbly, “I’ll be careful if I meet him.” 
“And as for Cyrus…” Taylor hesitated. After all, Cyrus wasn’t his son, so he couldn’t be too blunt. “If he becomes too much to handle, just send him back. This really is a complex situation.” 
Wynter looked up. “It’s manageable. But luckily, Aunt Ophelia is the only problem here. If I had more such relatives, I wouldn’t be able to handle it, nor would I want to. It would just hurt our relationship.” 
He hadn’t expected her to be so straightforward, and he burst out laughing. “Are you trying to hint at 
something? That’s fine. There’s nothing to worry about on my side. I’ll talk to Noah and Ophelia. 
“If things really don’t work out, they can just get a divorce. With everything that’s happened, it’s not something you should have to balance. Honestly… you haven’t changed since you were little.” 
She spoke with an air of authority, but it also meant she wasn’t keeping her distance from him. This was good as this was what being family meant! 
Taylor was pleased. He had wanted to take some time to discuss these matters with Wynter since it was already pretty absurd. She had been dealing with all the Whitman family’s affairs since she came back. 
And behind each of these family affairs, there were always interests involved, especially with Cyrus. 
Taylor hadn’t realized it before, but after looking into it more closely, he found that the Montclair family had nearly raised Cyrus into uselessness. 
“I’ll keep an eye on the Montclair family,” he said in a resolute tone. “I won’t let you worry about it.” 
###chapter1401
Chapter 1401 Hidden Crisis 
Chapter 1401 Hidden Crisis 
Taylor never said anything casually and had already started investigating the Montclair family’s accounts. 
From his perspective, Ophelia’s biggest mistake, among many, was still listening to the Montclair family after everything that had happened. 
But these were, after all, Noah’s family affairs, and Taylor had no intention of letting the younger generation find out. 
However, Wynter was not just any ordinary young person. When she heard him mention these things, she already knew where the problem lay. 
Since earlier, Cyrus‘ phone hadn’t stopped ringing, with many calls coming from Ophelia. Wynter wasn’t someone who had just entered society, so she understood very well what these calls meant. 
Ophelia didn’t want him involved with her, and there were many reasons for this. Wynter wasn’t going to meddle in this “family matter“, so the best approach was to pretend she didn’t know anything. 
Meanwhite, Ophelia was so anxious she couldn’t even eat. Cyrus wouldn’t answer her calls, and the things Tamia had said seemed to have become a thorn in her side. 
She didn’t have any particular opinion about Wynter before. In fact, she even hoped Marie would come back sooner. 
But now, things were different. She never imagined that Wynter could affect Cyrus‘ standing. The more capable Wynter was, the more it made Cyrus seem inadequate. 
He clearly had his own strengths. She had spent so much time cultivating him, and Tamia had found the best overseas schools for him to study finance. 
These were all things she used to be proud of, but in front of Wynter, they seemed meaningless. 
Ophelia was feeling quite unbalanced. When Noah returned, her frustration turned into tears. 
“Cyrus has never been treated like this before. He’s an excellent student, after all. Now, he’s being made to follow Wynter around like some lackey. It breaks my heart.” 
Noah was a good husband. For all these years, he had always gone along with her wishes. Since he agreed to marry her, he naturally had to take responsibility. 
But now, as he looked at Ophelia, who was as delicate as a flower, his tone remained calm as always. “Is this how you see it?” 
“I know Dad must have his reasons for doing this, but Hawford’s social circles are small, and word gets around quickly. What does this make Cyrus look like to everyone else?” 
She took a deep breath, seeming very wronged. “I didn’t want to say anything initially and thought it would be good for Cyrus to follow along and gain some experience. 
“After all, Dad has always been fond of Wynter, and we don’t need to compete for that. But look at what Cyrus has been doing lately!” 
She handed her phone to Noah. “He’s using these connections because he’s trying to get involved in land deals and stock trading.” 
She looked up and continued, “You know your son. If no one was behind him, he wouldn’t be interested in these two things at all. It’s obvious he’s just helping Wynter find connections.” 
Noah took the phone, and his eyes darkened slightly. It was hard to tell what he was thinking, but Ophelia, 
Chapter 1401 Hidden Crisis 
having been married to him for many years, knew very well that he was angry. 
She was fully aware of what the Whitman family was most wary of–land deals and stock trading. This was how Shane had almost ruined the Whitman family back then. 
Now, Wynter was going down the same path again, and no one would trust her. 
Ophelia didn’t actually have any personal grievances against her, but she was just too dazzling. Under such circumstances, how could Cyrus ever rise to prominence? 
Ophelia hadn’t understood Lynette’s subtle animosity toward Marie in the past. But now, she could sort of understand. 
Some people’s very existence would throw things off balance. If she didn’t guard against them, what should have been hers might easily slip away. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1402
Chapter 1402 Backstabbing 
The idea took root in Ophelia’s mind. It consumed all her thoughts until it became impossible to ignore. She needed a way to make Noah harbor genuine reservations about Wynter. 
Ophelia had always hesitated to play the villain. But she could no longer hold back when she heard that Wynter was planning to involve Cyrus in the stock market. 
Ophelia’s words were carefully chosen. “Noah, I’m not entirely sure what Wynter is thinking. Could it be that she’s acting on impulse, just like her father did back then? Is she dragging people along without much thought? 
“Of course, Wynter isn’t as calculating as Shane. But real estate and the stock market are said to be a part of a bubble economy. 
“The Whitman family didn’t build its fortune on these industries. Wynter doesn’t have experts by her side, and for her to rush into this… I’m really concerned.” 
Ophelia looked up and added, “Darling, you know better that these are two different businesses. If 
anything goes wrong, it’ll be Cyrus who takes the blame, not Wynter. Whether it’s financial issues or any mistakes he might make…” 
? She gritted her teeth before continuing, “I don’t want Cyrus to become a scapegoat. You ended up 
carrying Shane’s debts for years, and I don’t want our son to suffer the same fate.” 
“There’s no such thing as taking on someone else’s debts in a business partnership,” Noah finally spoke He fixed his gaze on Ophelia, and his thoughts were inscrutable. 
Ophelia’s expression soured. “Of course you don’t mind because you’re doing it for your sister. But Cyrus is my son! I won’t just stand by and watch him get into any kind of danger.” 
Cyrus is the Whitman family’s eldest son and heir, not someone from the Quinnells. 
! 
This wasn’t something Ophelia would think about previously. However, after watching that video, a deep sense of unease had been growing within her, urging her to take action. 
In the past, she had indeed agreed to let the Montclair family oversee Cyrus‘ education. 
After all, Tamia had warned her that if Cyrus grew too close to the Whitmans when he was young, he might end up like Noah. He would be focused solely on work and neglecting familial bonds with the Montclairs. 
At that time, Ophelia had her reservations but didn’t think much of them. She simply agreed with whatever Tamia said. But now, things were different as she felt threatened. 
Noah placed his tailored suit on the couch as he listened to Ophelia. He contemplated for a moment before saying, “It’s understandable that you have these concerns. But now isn’t the right time for Cyrus to back out. Let him establish those connections first.” 
Noah glanced at their wedding photo before continuing, “We can have him step back when it’s time to invest. That way, he won’t appear as if he didn’t help Wynter at all.” 
Ophelia’s eyes lit up at this. Why hadn’t she thought of that? Having Cyrus withdraw too early would make their family seem heartless, especially since the domestic goods trend was still going strong. 
Cyrus needed to ride this wave of popularity a bit longer. He could gain the older generation’s favor if he stayed by Wynter’s side for a few more days. 
Ophelia visibly brightened. “You’re so thoughtful, darling.” 
Chapter 1402 Backstabbing 
She opened her arms as if to embrace him, but Noah stepped back. “Let’s eat first. I’m starving, and I still need to head back to the office after our meal.” 
“Alright, let’s eat. I had Ms. Virelle prepare your favorite fish.” 
Ophelia truly was the epitome of a perfect wife and mother. With her managing the household, everything was always in perfect order. Whether it was Noah’s meals or needs, she always had them prepared in advance. 
That was why their relationship had remained strong over the years. 
###chapter1403
Chapter 1403 Betraying the Quinnells 
Ophelia immediately softened her tone. “My mom told me about the terrible things my cousin did. You were right to throw him out. I can’t believe he turned out to be that kind of person. 
“Please explain things to Mr. Reuben. I wish Easton had never stepped foot in the Whitman residence.” 
“Don’t worry. It’s already been taken care of.” Despite claiming that he was hungry, Noah only took a couple of bites of fish. 
Ophelia handed him a bowl of soup as she looked at him with admiration. She had willingly married into the Whitman family, knowing that Noah wasn’t particularly attracted to her. 
It didn’t matter to her because she believed that he would treat her well once they were married, and she wasn’t wrong. Over the years, Noah had been a good husband, always smoothing over minor issues for her sake. 
With that, Ophelia glanced over at the maid, Raveena Virelle. 
Raveena immediately understood the signal. She finished up her tasks, wiped her hands on her apron, and quietly moved to a secluded corner to make a phone call to her true employer. 
It seemed that the person on the other end of the call had been waiting. “How did it go?” 
It was Tamia, who had taken over the Montclair family for years. Even over the phone, she carried an air of authority. 
Raveena lowered her voice. “Mr. Noah is still the same as before and listens to Ms. Ophelia. They are husband and wife, after all.” 
“The Whitmans do indeed have such quality. They always treat their wives well,” Tamia remarked with a smug smile. “Since Noah isn’t saying anything, the Montclair family won’t drift apart from the Whitmans.” 
Raveena quickly nodded in agreement. She added when she realized that Tamia couldn’t see her, “And about Mr. Cyrus, Mr. Noah has already agreed. 
“He even said that letting Mr. Cyrus follow along is a way to help introduce connections to Ms. Quinnell. When it comes time to invest, he just won’t put in any money.” 
“Smart.” Tamia was now completely at ease. After all, who wouldn’t side with their own son? Even if the Whitmans valued the bigger picture, they would still think about their son’s future. 
“Keep an eye on things, and contact me if anything comes up,” she instructed before ending the call. 
After ending the call, Tamia picked up her phone again and sent a message to Kenton. 
“Mr. Wray, the Montclairs have fulfilled our promise. Don’t forget about us when everything is settled. You can rest assured that the Quinnells‘ girl won’t get any financial support from the Whitmans at the crucial moment.” 
This was exactly what Kenton wanted to hear. Ignoring everyone else, ensuring that the Whitman family would betray the Quinnell family when it mattered most was the real goal he sought to achieve. 
Even now, everything Wynter was doing was within his plans. 
The next day, Wynter was jolted awake by the ringing of her phone. 
“Wynter, the matter you asked me to handle has been sorted out. Let’s meet for lunch at a restaurant. We can discuss the land deal then. I’ll prepare some gifts, and you can pick me up at my house shortly,” Cyrus 
Chapter 1403 Betraying the Quinnells 
said from the other end of the line. 
Wynter responded briefly before getting out of bed to freshen up and get ready. She decided to switch up her usual style, opting for an outfit that made her look like someone with more money than brains. 
Once she was satisfied with her appearance, she left the house and headed to where Cyrus was. 
Meanwhile, Alejandro Calico called Kenton. 
“Mr. Wray, we’ve already agreed to attend the lunch hosted by the Whitmans. We will follow your instructions and set a trap for Wynter. However, we hope you will also fulfill your end of the deal.” 
Kenton’s lips curled into a rare smile, as he listened to Alejandro. “Mr. Calico, rest assured that once this is settled, those videos will never see the light of day. I’ll delete them once you have done your part. No one will ever know they existed!” 
Alejandro scoffed before hanging up. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
X 
###chapter1404
Chapter 1404 Smelling the Schemes from Miles Away 
Alejandro’s subordinate, who was sitting beside him, understood the underlying message of Kenton’s words. 
“Mr. Calico, that sly fox clearly intends to keep us under his thumb. Even if we succeed this time, he’ll probably use this to threaten us again in the future!” 
Alejandro flicked the ash from his cigarette. “We’ll see it through since we’ve already agreed to help him with this matter. Leave the rest to me.” 
Soon, Alejandro and his team headed to the restaurant they had agreed upon. 
Cyrus and Wynter arrived first and reserved a private room, making sure all the signature dishes and delicacies were prepared in advance. 
A knock was heard before the waiter escorted Alejandro and his men inside. 
Cyrus immediately stood up to show his respect. He glanced toward Wynter only to realize that she had no intention to stand. Wynter remained seated despite a few nudges from Cyrus urging her to do the same given that they were key to their plan. 
Alejandro noticed Wynter’s demeanor and immediately dismissed the recent rumors about her. He thought she lacked manners and didn’t have a proper upbringing. With that impression in mind, he took the seat at the head of the table. 
Cyrus felt helpless dealing with Wynter. She was the one who insisted on having him arrange this meeting yet was acting indifferent now that the guests had arrived. However, he chose not to press the issue 
further. 
Cyrus took the bottle of Glenfiddich from the center of the table and poured a glass for each of the officials from the Planning Institute. 
? 
Once everyone had their drink, he returned to his seat and raised his glass. “Thank you all for coming. Let me offer this toast to express my gratitude.” 
In all honesty, the Montclairs had done a pretty good job training Cyrus in handling high–level officials, even when they led him astray in other aspects. 
GAC 
Alejandro took a sip of the liquor, acknowledging Cyrus‘ toast. After all, the Whitmans were still an influential family in Hawford. 
“Cyrus, although I haven’t had much interaction with the Whitman family, I have heard much about the family’s impressive achievements.” 
Cyrus responded promptly, “It’s an honor that our small endeavors are noticed by you. Here, let me offer you another toast.” 
Hearing Cyrus‘ words, Wynter turned her gaze toward him but did not interrupt. After all, it was her intention to create this outcome. She also took back whatever appreciation she had for the Montclair family’s approach. 
In business and negotiations, one must never lower their status too much, even when seeking favors, Maintaining one’s dignity and standing firm was essential. After all, everyone was born equal regardless of status or wealth. 
After some casual conversation, Cyrus steered the discussion back to the main topic. “Mr. Calico, we’re not seeking you out for anything too major. 
Chapter 1404 Smelling the Schemes from Miles Away 
“It’s just that my cousin and I have recently taken an interest in a piece of land, but we need your approval. However, the Wray family is also interested in this land, so we need your assistance.” Alejandro gave his assistant a glance, which the assistant quickly understood. “That’s not an impossible task, but…” 
Cyrus then presented the gifts he had prepared for Alejandro before offering them to the assistant with both hands. 
The assistant looked at the boxes of gifts. He randomly chose one to open before immediately closing them after a glance. “Are you testing the officials with these? Which official can withstand such a test?” The lighthearted comment eased the tension in Cyrus. 
Alejandro waved his hand. “Cyrus, the Wray family is indeed interested in this piece of land. However, considering your family’s standing, I’ll give you this opportunity. 
“The approval process for the land can be initiated, but an initial investment of 500 million is required to avoid unnecessary steps. The Wray family is also required to do so. Of course, if you don’t end up with the land, we’ll refund the 500 million in full.” 
Wynter pinched her nose as if smelling the underlying scheme, but she chose not to expose it. “Thank you, Mr. Calico. The Quinnell and Whitman families may not have much, but we do have money, Of course, we also appreciate your help. 
“Regardless of whether things work out or not, we’ll prepare a ‘generous gift‘ for you as a token of our gratitude!” 
###chapter1405
Chapter 1405 Something Is Wrong With This Land 
Alejandro and his men exchanged glances and smiled. “Ms. Quinnell, you’re too kind. We welcome anyone who invests in Hawford. 
“If you do acquire the land, it would undoubtedly benefit the locals as well. But, of course, there are policies and regulations that must be followed. You should be mindful of those.” 
Alejandro continued with an air of authority, “This is a great location. There are things we can’t openly discuss, but this area has been included in numerous plans over the years. 
“If you proceed with development, you must prioritize the people’s well–being. The residents need to be happy and satisfied. That’s the policy’s true purpose.” 
Cyrus was clearly excited by what he had just heard. He hadn’t thought much of it when Wynter first suggested acquiring the land and asked him to pull some strings. But now, it seemed they had stumbled upon a plot earmarked for development within government policy. 
The more he thought about it, the more thrilled he became. Throughout the meal, he kept glancing at Wynter. 
Alejandro was very pleased with Cyrus‘ enthusiasm and took another sip of his liquor. 
About half an hour later, Alejandro and his men finally left. They maintained a clean and respectable image as they departed without taking anything with them. 
Once he and his men were in the car, Cyrus could no longer suppress his excitement. “Wynter, did you hear that? Policy! This is huge!” 
Wynter responded with a lazy hum as she gazed out the window at the area where urban and rural landscapes merged, her eye subtly lifting as she took it all in. 
Unlike Yvette, Wynter didn’t have memories of the news from her past life. Most of what she recalled came from her dreams. Right now, she found herself wondering just how many details Yvette was aware 
of. 
From what she could gather about Kenton’s actions, it seemed that whatever he was planning wasn’t far from this location. 
But Wynter had already scouted the area. Logically, it wouldn’t make sense for it to be centered here if it were a national–level project unless some unknown factor was at play–a factor that perhaps only Yvette was aware of. 
Wynter glanced into the distance again. The area was too vast and would make demolition a complex task. 
This meant that while the direction was indeed northwest, even Kenton didn’t seem to know the exact location. He had ordered his people to clear out the urban village within the city, assuming it wouldn’t be designated for requisition. 
Wynter appeared absent–minded as she pieced her thoughts together. But in reality, her mind was in overdrive. 
Cyrus had never seen Wynter like this and thought she hadn’t heard his earlier comment. “Wynter, do you know what the term ‘policy‘ means?” 
He assumed that Wynter should understand these things since she came from Kingbourne. 
Then, Cyrus seemed to recall something. “Right, I forgot. You were brought back to the Quinnell family. 
Chapter 1405 Something Is Wrong With This Land 
That means you might not be familiar with some internal matters.” 
212 
“I know,” Wynter interrupted Cyrus‘ rambling, though her gaze remained fixed on the view outside. “You’re saying that this area might be requisitioned, and its price could increase significantly.” 
Cyrus nodded vigorously, then added, “Oh, so you do know. Then why have you been ignoring me this whole time? We really need to build a good relationship with Mr. Calico.” 
“Building relationships is important, but…” Wynter withdrew her gaze and spoke with a serious tone,” Cyrus, your approach to dealing with people needs to change. 
“When negotiating, it feels like you’re giving others leverage over you. You act too submissive. We won’t lose anything even if this matter doesn’t succeed. 
“I didn’t comment earlier because I wanted to see how you’ve been influenced by the Montclair family’s guidance over the years. Initially, I thought your business skills were decent, but later on, I found that the guidance you received was lacking in several ways.” 
###chapter1406
Chapter 1406 Using Their Schemes Against Them 
Cyrus was momentarily stunned by Wynter’s words. He had always heard from the Montclairs that they were doing things for his own good, that they wouldn’t hurt him by trying to teach him everything. 
As the Whitman family’s eldest grandson, he needed to be well–rounded and competent in all areas. 
Wynter then patted his back to help him come to his senses. “Cyrus, you handled things well this time. I’m not one to just criticize without offering some guidance. Think carefully about what these people have said. Is this land really worth pursuing?” 
Hearing that, Cyrus was momentarily dazed. “Aren’t they currently demolishing the urban villages?” 
Wynter thought of Tamia. She had mostly introduced Cyrus to people from the Wray family. This made Wynter suspect that Tamia might also be working with the Wray family behind the scenes. 
She decided it was better to be straightforward. “Yes, urban villages are being demolished. There are returns, but the cash flow is slow. It could take years before you see any substantial return. 
“Of course, these aren’t the most troublesome issues. You might not have dealt with people from urban villages before.” 
Wynter then continued with a question, “Do you have the latest printed map of Hawford? I need to examine it closely.” 
Although Cyrus was pretty much a mama’s boy emotionally, he was reliable in other matters. When Wynter mentioned wanting to acquire land, he had prepared everything she might need. 
However, it was true that he hadn’t interacted with people from urban villages before. After all, he was sent abroad. 
Wynter didn’t shy away from pointing out his shortcomings. “You’re too detached from ordinary people. You might think everything is better when you are overseas. Be it systems, education, or democracy. 
“But now that you’re back, you think that connections and relationships are key. At the dining table earlier you were indeed led to believe that connections are useful.” 
Cyrus didn’t know what Wynter was trying to say. “Then what should we do?” 
“Let me explain human relationships,” Wynter continued in a calm tone. “If they genuinely wanted what’s best for you, they wouldn’t let you invest in a place like the urban villages. 
“They’re focused on their own achievements. If someone naive comes along with money to invest, they’ll certainly welcome it. Right now, to them, you and I are just naive fools with money.” 
Hearing this, Cyrus opened his mouth as his breathing became uneven. 
Wynter pointed at the urban village’s location on the map. “Speaking of the people in the urban village, you should know that I come from the countryside. So, I understand the local ways of doing things. I’ve even been to villages involved in trafficking. 
“Of course, I won’t compare a civilized settlement with a remote mountain village, but there are fundamental truths you can’t avoid. More people mean more thoughts. You’ll find it hard to defend yourself if they decide to use any means against you. 
“Plus, they all listen to the village chief and are unusually united. This isn’t entirely a bad thing, and there are positives as well. But who do you think can persuade an entire urban village to accept your demolition conditions?” 
Cyrus responded quickly, “We can find the urban village’s chief.” 
Chapter 1406 Using Their Schemes Against Them 
“Quite clever.” Wynter slightly raised an eyebrow. Her expression didn’t seem particularly admiring. ” Check the village chief’s background. If he were easy to deal with, the village would have been demolished long ago.” 
Cyrus stiffened his neck. “We’re in a society governed by law.” 
“That’s true, but the buyer still needs to ask the seller if they’re willing to sell.” Wynter tapped her fingers on the table. Her analysis of human nature was sharp. 
“As long as the urban village isn’t demolished, the village chief essentially has the final say on the land. He gets to enjoy the best welfare benefits and will certainly receive his share of the benefits during the demolition process.” 
###chapter1407
Chapter 1407 Cyrus Is Learning 
“But he’ll be nothing once the demolition is complete” Wynter’s gaze fixed on the map on the table. “If you were him, would you really want to go through with the demolition?” 
Cyrus froze. 
Wynter continued in a calm and measured tone, “He’ll be no different with anyone else once the village is demolished. He won’t be able to control anyone, and his authority as the head chief will disappear, too.” 
Cyrus clenched his fists. “So, this land… Should we give up on it?” 
“We still need it.” Wynter suddenly asked, “Is your connection with Mr. Calico obtained through the Whitman family or the Montclair family?” 
Cyrus was somewhat offended. “Can’t it be my own?” 
Wynter was amused by his retort and looked at him smugly. “You were drifting abroad for so many years. One might think you went overseas for infrastructure development instead of education if you still managed to interact with domestic authorities.” 
“You…” Cyrus had never encountered someone as incisive as Wynter. The fact that her observations were all accurate only made him more frustrated. He could only mumble under his breath, “It’s from the Montclair family.” 
Wynter looked at him. “I guess that’s alright. See it for yourself.” 
Cyrus didn’t hear her clearly. “What?” 
“We’re getting this land.” Wynter didn’t make this decision in the spur of the moment. She looked at Hawford’s overall map with a faint smile. “He is not the only one playing this game.” 
Cyrus was confused now. “But you just implied that Mr. Calico and the others were tricking us. The land won’t make any profit and will only drain our resources. We will have to continuously invest money.” 
“Which is why we shouldn’t take the urban village. We are only taking the farmland within the village,” Wynter replied. 
The farmland? Cyrus glanced at a small, insignificant piece of land on the map’s eastern side. That place was rumored to have a stinky ditch. 
“Why would you want such a lousy piece of land?” Cyrus couldn’t understand. 
Wynter had no intention of giving him a straightforward answer. “Because I have a plan. Remember, this is considered a bonus. 
“The urban village is tricky, so we’re starting with a few households‘ land, It’s always a gradual process to acquire land. So
, taking this farmland isn’t unreasonable.” 
Not unreasonable? Cyrus thought Wynter was out of her mind. Although the money wouldn’t come out of his pocket, he was still concerned. 
He raked his fingers through his hair in frustration. “Can you at least tell me why?” 
“Didn’t you say Mr. Calico revealed some policies to you?” Wynter said as she took the map and got into her flashy Lamborghini with her usual charming flair. 
Cyrus was utterly confused. If he hadn’t misunderstood initially, Wynter was likely warning him that Alejandro’s words were unreliable and that they were being set up. Yet, Wynter was now saying that it was due to the policy. 
Chapter 1407 Cyrus Is Learning 
212 
Could it be that Alejandro’s deception was actually the truth? Realizing this possibility, his eyes widened, and he couldn’t help but wonder if Alejandro himself was aware of this. 
In the past, whenever Cyrus faced something he couldn’t understand, he would instinctively turn to Tamia for guidance. This time, however, he remained in the car as he tried to piece everything together. 
The residents in the urban village watched as Wynter’s car drove by. Ordinary folks didn’t give it much thought, merely noting it as a luxurious car. 
However, someone with a keener sense, such as the village chief, Jarek Valen, had a different perspective. 
“Mr. Valen, you were right. It’s a high–end car and clearly belongs to a wealthy scion.” 
The person reporting the situation took a sip of water before continuing, “They had their meal at the tourist spot we’re developing. But I didn’t dare get closer when I saw Mr. Calico there as well.” 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter1408
Chapter 1408 They Took the Bait 
Jarek took a puff of his cigar and narrowed his eyes. “Don’t stir up trouble with the higher–ups. From the Tooks of it, this was all arranged by Mr. Calico, so keep an eye on things. 
“As long as they pay enough, hand over what’s insignificant first. Don’t make things too hard for them from the start, got it?“. 
The man reporting rubbed his hands together. “Don’t worry, Mr. Valen. This isn’t our first time dealing with this, so we’ve got it all figured out. 
“Mr. Calico has brought quite a few deals to our village the past decade. No one gets out unscathed. These scions who know nothing but how to drive sports cars are easy to deal with.” 
Jarek nodded and laughed. “Just make sure no one has any leverage over us. One of them is from the Montclair family. We don’t want to sour relations.” 
“Of course.” The man placed his teacup down. “But I’m curious what kind of trick Mr. Calico used to lure them here this time. By the way, I heard that Mr. Wray is also acquiring land nearby.” 
Jarek lifted his head. “Don’t worry, he’s not taking ours. He’s after the land next to us.” 
“That’s a relief. I was really worried that Mr. Wray might set his sights on our area, and if that happened…” 
Jarek’s face darkened in an instant. “I don’t care even if it’s the Wray family. If they don’t give me the right 
amount, I won’t budge. 
“Enough of these unnecessary thoughts. Mr. Wray isn’t like those scions with nothing in their heads. He’s sharper than anyone. Our place holds no development value whatsoever.” 
“I understand.” 
Jarek wanted to scoff, knowing that he knew nothing at all. Jarek knew all too well everything here was tied to the political achievements of those in power. 
As long as the higher–ups remained untouched, their land would remain unchanged even for decades to come. That was what Jarek had always thought, which was why he had managed to swindle so many foreign investors over the years. 
After all, this urban village appeared fairly “civilized” from the outside. The fact that their village chief appeared visibly wealthy only added to the deception. 
REC 
Cyrus was confused by the convoluted situation as he followed Wynter to visit several households in the urban village. 
News quickly spread through the village that someone was planning to demolish their land. Despite the process being in its early stages, people were already starting to think about how much compensation they might get. 
After all, this was a routine familiar to them. Even the children were talking about what they wanted in compensation. “I want a house in the school district in the city center.” 
Cyrus stood in the convenience store, completely bewildered. “You know about school district houses?” 
Of course. My grandma always talks about them.” A few of the kids who had been treated to ice cream and snacks by Wynter were grateful and thanked her. 
Cyrus was even more confused now. “Why are you talking about this?” 
Chapter 1408 They Took the Bait 
“Because you’re not the first to come and talk about demolition.” 
“By the way, miss, just tell people you know us when it comes to it. I’ll tell my mom and others to be careful and do something about it.” 
Cyrus quickly realized that these children were referring to people who had previously come with similar intentions. He glanced at Wynter and was about to say something before she waved at the children with a carefree smile. 
“Thank you, kids. I’ll make sure to pay for the land quickly,” Wynter said as she waved the kids goodbye. 
“We’ll be waiting for you, miss!” 
The children’s enthusiasm only made Cyrus more uneasy. 
Meanwhile, right after returning to his office, Alejandro sent a message to Kenton. 
“The job is done. She took the bait. That Quinnell girl has started acquiring land, so she won’t be able to back out so easily now. 
“You should be aware of Jarek’s situation. He will have ways to make her spend it all, unless the Quinnell family decides to intervene.” 
Kenton couldn’t help but laugh heartily upon receiving Alejandro’s text. “Wynter, oh, Wynter. You’ve been arrogant for way too long. I hope you can still laugh in the end. Don’t let me down!” 
###chapter1409
Chapter 1409 Buying Shares 
Kenton didn’t believe anyone could escape this trap, and most definitely not someone like Wynter who hadn’t even completed her education. Did she really think a bit of business knowledge would mean that she was on par with him? 
Kenton sneered, and his eyes were full of malice. He had kept his true nature behind his facade of a respectable elder in the Chamber of Commerce. After all, too many were present. 
But it was different now. He intended to show Wynter what true suffering looked like. 
He remembered how Shane had ultimately failed against him as well. If anyone wanted to delve into the real estate business, they needed to seek the Wray family’s approval. 
Kenton walked to the side as Adrien whispered something in his ear. He frowned and asked, “You still 
haven’t found them?” 
“No, but it’s unlikely they’ve been caught. We would have heard from the higher–ups by now if there were serious issues,” Adrien replied. 
Kenton’s expression remained tense. “It may not be a big issue, but it’s best if we find them. And as for the situation in the urban village, you came from there, so you should know when to make your move.” 
“Rest assured, Mr. Wray. As you’ve seen over the years, not many leave our village unscathed. It’s not just for you who needs this, but that guy from the higher–ups as well. Wynter has a lot to learn, and someone will make sure she gets the lesson she needs.” 
Hearing Adrien’s words brought Kenton a sense of satisfaction. He nodded before replying, “Make sure to keep an eye on the scholarship committee. Monitor Wynter closely, and ensure she pays up first. 
“Tell Mr. Valen and the others not to be too aggressive at the start. They should be reasonable and only extract what is necessary.” 
“Understood.” Adrien promptly continued, “I’ve already given the instructions. Everyone’s been advised to stay calm.” 
Kenton looked behind his shoulder and instructed once again, “That goes for the villagers in the urban village as well.” 
“Got it,” Adrien confirmed before pressing the elevator button to leave. 
Kenton had everything in place on his end, and now the real bidding was about to begin. Before heading out, he made one last call to someone from the relevant department. It was one of the three men he had dined with previously. 
Strictly speaking, some conferences were confidential. Hence, phones were usually handed in during 
these sessions. 
The contact, who had likely just finished a meeting, answered the phone from the restroom. His voice was hushed, and the conversation was conducted in code. 
“I’m still busy as usual. Wait for me to go home for dinner. We can’t compare to Sterling as he never forgets to report to his wife no matter how busy he is.” 
Through the phone, Kenton could hear the conference’s background noise, and that confirmed a crucial detail for him. The policy was indeed in play! His gamble had paid off, as usual! 
Kenton’s heart raced with excitement. It seemed that Yvette’s predictions were spot on every time. With her insights, he was confident he would not only secure profits but also avoid risks and identify upcoming 
Chapter 1409 Buying Shares 
opportunities. 
After ending the call, Kenton immediately contacted his team to expedite the necessary procedures. 
It was easy for him to get the land. However, Kenton knew that securing the land before the policy announcement was crucial. It was key to making tenfold profits! Waiting until the conference was not an option. He needed to act quickly! 
He also had to consider the stock market implications. If the land were to be developed, certain stocks would inevitably rise significantly. This interconnection meant that securing the land and timing the stock investments were both critical. 
Kenton was filled with excitement as he stood in front of the window. He glanced at a message on his phone. “The cash is ready. Ms. Yvette will be right next to us at next week’s opening.” 
However, the person who sent the text still had a question. “Mr. Wray, are you sure about investing 80 percent of the funds?” 
“I’m sure,” Kenton replied without a moment’s hesitation. 
###chapter1410
Chapter 1410 Not Everything Is Fixed 
Yvette had already reached a near–legendary status in Kenton’s eyes. Additionally, there was nothing they Couldn’t invest in with the stock market in such a promising state. 
But Kenton hadn’t forgotten about dragging Albert into the mess. “Has the eldest of the Quinnells, that so- called Wolf of Winnow Street, taken the bait?” 
“Rest assured, Mr. Wray. We’ve, inflated gold prices artificially. The gold will plummet by the time the market opens on Monday. That Quinnell scion will have nothing left but tears.” 
Kenton’s smile widened after reading this message. The Quinnell family would soon be besieged on all sides. He was eager to see how that arrogant Wynter could manage all the chaos. 
Meanwhile, Wynter was taking Cyrus on a stroll through the urban village. 
The neighbors on all sides were eyeing them. They were aware that they were outsiders, and word had already spread that another “fool” had come to buy land. 
With this knowledge, the villagers couldn’t hide their grins. However, they didn’t reveal their true intentions and instead showered them with warmth. 
Cyrus also felt the weight of several gazes directed their way, finding it somewhat odd. 
Even though it was an urban village, being so close to the city center should have made outsiders less of a novelty. The unusually warm reception just didn’t seem to match the situation. 
Cyrus couldn’t shake off the uneasy feeling. “Wynter, do you get the sense that everyone here seems to know us?” 
Wynter responded absentmindedly with a hum as she looked at her phone. She was quickly typing a brief instruction on it. “Don’t stop, keep going.” 
Being experienced in the market, the other party texted back, “Boss, this isn’t normal. I think someone might be trying to short a few stocks. Are you sure we should continue? I’m worried that Mr. Albert might not be able to handle the fallout.” 
Wynter looked down as she typed back, “You’re underestimating my brother.” 
From the very beginning, Albert had been following Wynter’s plan meticulously. It wasn’t that he didn’t understand the stock market. In fact, it was quite the contrary. He knew that Wynter had a backup plan in place. The messages she sent were all price charts. 
“There’s foreign capital entering the market,” Albert noted with his sharp instinct. “It feels like the strategy I saw them use back on Winnow Street.” 
It was a simple yet cunning approach designed to siphon off a large amount of Cascadian currency. In the stock market, such a move was relatively easy to pull off. 
“I’m at the trading platform now. This week’s calm worries me. I suspect that when the market opens next week, it will hit its peak and steadily decline throughout the week.” 
Albert was a man of few words yet always hit the mark “This will make people think there’s still hope. That way, no one will be willing to dump their stocks.” 
Wynter understood the underlying principle. Human nature was such that people clung to the hope of recovering losses, thinking that maybe it would be better next time. They would regret not selling earlier when the market was profitable and dwell on what could have been. 
Chapter 1410 Not Everything is Fixed 
But it was another story when it came to actually selling it. Each drop in the market meant a real loss of 
money. 
Albert’s voice was somber. “There are still many elderly people here.” 
Wynter understood what Albert meant. It might still be alright if only wealthy individuals were involved. But many were ordinary citizens of Cascadia, some even using their retirement savings to invest. 
The stock market’s downturn affected funds, and some people’s lifelong savings could be lost in the market crash. 
It wasn’t that Wynter felt sorry for them. After all, the stock market carried inherent risks, and investors must bear responsibility for their decisions. 
However, it was unacceptable for them to be exploited in such an obvious scheme. The prices were artificially inflated to lure investors in, only for them to be driven out as part of a larger scheme to siphon off capital from Cascadia. 
Wynter probably wouldn’t care less if she didn’t know about this. However, knowing what was at stake and recognizing the familiar pattern now, she was determined to act. 
In the grand schemes that Yvette might oversee, these smaller details could go unnoticed. 
Some things wouldn’t work in this context. However, the stock market was something that could be influenced by human actions! 
###chapter1411
Chapter 1411 The Montclairs Behind the Facade 
“Stopping them will be impossible. At this point, it would be cutting off their financial lifeline,” Wynter texted. 
Albert understood this harsh reality. In the world of stock exchange, no one would believe you. After all, the elderly had more faith in their hard–earned insider tips more than anything. 
Wynter thought for a moment before her eyes flickered with an idea. “Albert, leave this to me.” 
“Alright,” Albert responded without hesitation. “I’ll keep buying as you instructed.” 
Wynter knew Albert was dependable and hence didn’t reply further. 
But Albert could never stop worrying about Wynter. “I heard about the land deal. Be careful, and if anything happens, remember that we’re all here. Rowan and Tobias are nearby.” 
Wynter chuckled at the message. Albert was being overly protective again. It would be a full–blown entourage if Rowan and Rowan really showed up. What would they come for? A meet–and–greet with fans? 
However, Wynter would definitely put their influence to good use when the time was right. 
With that thought, she kept her phone. 
Seeing how Wynter was looking at the urban village’s map and not saying a word, Cyrus couldn’t help himself anymore. 
His face was flushed when he finally spoke up, “I’ve thought about what you wanted me to consider. This land really doesn’t seem like a good investment.” 
Wynter always felt like he was slow to pick things up. She suppressed her impatience and raised an eyebrow. “And?” 
“Wynter, did you hear what those kids said earlier? It sounds like we’re not the first to try to acquire this land. There must have been many attempts before us, and it seems like they all ended in failure. It’s as if this place is a bottomless pit. 
“It might all be wasted no matter how much we invest. It’s just like how we invested billions before and got nothing in return. 
“They could use various excuses to keep demanding more, delay the project, and make sure we spend everything we have until we’re completely drained.” 
Cyrus‘ concern grew stronger as he continued to think about it. He never considered these risks before he started following Wynter. 
He initially thought the project seemed promising, especially with policy support. There was a chance, albeit slim, that they could hit a stroke of luck and end up with highly valuable land. It could potentially multiply their profits tenfold. 
But it was becoming clear that Alejandro was setting them up. As Wynter had mentioned, it was all about political gains for him. 
Cyrus clenched his fists tightly. “I was really foolish. You made it clear from the start when you asked me where my connections with Mr. Calico came from. 
“I was still confused back then, but now I understand. They knew you were using me to find connections. That’s why they allowed Mr. Calico to meet me. 
“Mr. Calico was upfront about his initial offer of 500 million because he’s confident that the Montclair 
Chapter 1411 The Montclairs Behind the Facade 
family won’t do anything to him. It’s even safe to say that the Montclairs are tacitly supporting him. That was the only reason why we were able to meet him.” 
Cyrus gritted his teeth. “Grand… Grandma must have intended to use this land to ruin us.” 
Wynter had heard enough at this point. She finally looked up and said, “It isn’t to ruin us but to ruin me.” 
Her voice was calm as she continued, “With what I know about Mrs. Montclair Senior’s methods, she’ll find a way to make sure you don’t have to invest when it comes down to the final stretch. 
“Cyrus, don’t forget that the initial investments are all mine. You’re only needed when we reach the mid- term phase. But if I run out of funds before we even get there, and you refuse to provide the necessary funds, it will leave me in a very difficult position.” 
That would mean no cash flow! Despite his superficial knowledge, Cyrus was still a finance student. He understood such basic principles. He just couldn’t believe that Tamia would use such a vicious method against Wynter! 
###chapter1412
Chapter 1412 Time to Face Reality 
“Why?” Cyrus raised his voice and simply couldn’t understand. He felt like his head was going to explode, and his heart was in agony. 
After all, from what he remembered, Tamia would indulge in whatever he wanted. 
When he found physics too difficult, Tamia was worried that studying would overstrain him. She contacted a prestigious overseas school and spent dozens just to make things easier for him without any hesitation. 
Tamia’s and Reuben’s approaches to education were completely different. 
Cyrus had always thought that the person who understood him the most and gave him the most freedom was Tamia. No matter what he did, she would always think he was wonderful. That was what gave him confidence throughout his life. 
Wynter glanced at him. She was aware of the many issues ahead and that it was time for Cyrus to face reality. “It’s because you’re the Whitman family’s eldest grandson, and I am standing in your way.” 
“What do you mean by standing in my way?” Cyrus thought it was completely ridiculous. “We’ve only known each other for a few days!” 
Their first meeting was at Quaint Villa, where Wynter was beating Easton up. 
Wynter was cold. “How long we’ve known each other doesn’t matter. Everyone is praising me when it comes to the Blaise family.” 
“That’s only natural. You should be praised. Mr. Blaise was so worried about the factory, and you stepped in and made a huge difference. The livestream is still pulling in over 100 thousand viewers every day, which is impressive! Who else should be praised if not you?” 
Seeing Cyrus‘ excitement, Wynter knew he wasn’t inherently bad. Her tone softened and wasn’t as cold as earlier as she continued, “That logic makes sense, but Mrs. Montclair Senior sees me as a threat to you, 
“She believes that people should remember you after the livestream, ‘Mr. Whitman.“” 
Cyrus finally understood. Yet, this understanding made him even more troubled. “But even if I don’t have much money and she uses some schemes to prevent me from investing, there’s still the Whitman family!” 
Wynter replied calmly, “Your mother is the Whitman family’s daughter–in–law. Whether the Whitman family invests depends on how your mother feels about it. And, of course, it also depends on what Uncle Noah thinks.” 
起 
Cyrus completely froze at Wynter’s words. 
Wynter didn’t say any further. Her initial goal was to help him recognize the Montclair family sooner. It was the right time for him to finally realize it. 
Ophelia’s case was more tricky, but giving him a heads–up now would better prepare him for what was to 
come. 
Just as they were speaking, a few village women approached them. 
“Are you the investors coming to take the land?” 
“We’ve had several investors come here before. They were all trying to take advantage of us. Thankfully, our village chief was fair, and we didn’t get deceived!” 
“You’re not like them, are you? Our requests are simple!” 
Time to Face Reality 
Wynter listened without getting emotionally involved. She knew that these people might have used similar tactics in the past to lure in investors and proceed to leave them with nothing. 
“Don’t worry, ladies. We are legitimate investors. We are not like those you’ve encountered before. We’ll negotiate with the government and draft a contract. You can sign it once you’re satisfied. 
“Money isn’t the issue. Our goal is to help you improve your environment so your children can grow up healthy and happy!” Wynter feigned excitement. 
Wynter thought to herself that they couldn’t possibly run the same routine with every investor that came. The children they encountered earlier had hinted to them that money wasn’t the issue. What was problematic was that there was no money to give them! However, Wynter still spoke reassuringly to them. Immediately, the women looked at each other with what seemed like tearful gratitude in their eyes. However, in reality, it was just the eye drops they had used to create this moment of “gratitude“. 
###chapter1413
Chapter 1413 Too Discreet Compared to Her Flancé 
The urban village’s people had their own agenda. What they wanted was simple–more money. 
They didn’t care what the authorities thought or how things worked behind the scenes. All they knew was that a gullible target had arrived, and they weren’t going to let the opportunity slip by without taking advantage of it. 
Over the years, this had become a routine. Their acting skills were impressive. They would always portray themselves as weak and vulnerable, selzing the moral high ground in the process. 
Cyrus hadn’t understood this before, but now he did. 
Cold sweat ran down his back as he sat in the car. He couldn’t shake the eerie feeling that the villagers were staring at them. Their eyes were practically glowing like predators sizing up their prey. 
He instinctively wanted to retreat. “Wynter, let’s not get involved even if we got lucky and stumbled upon a good opportunity with policies in our favor. We can handle the family matters slowly.” 
“Who said I’m here to deal with family matters?” Wynter twisted the cap off a bottle and took a sip of water. “You’re the Whitman family’s eldest grandson, and I’m just here to help Grandpa with his health. The rest isn’t my concern.” 
She glanced sideways at him with one hand on the steering wheel. “This is about business, not feelings. Cyrus, you’re still too soft.” 
Cyrus couldn’t deny that he wasn’t cut out for this sort of thing. “I’m just worried we might not be able to handle what’s coming.” 
His worries weren’t unfounded. There were plenty of past cases where, during demolitions, people who were unreasonable and lacked legal knowledge caused serious trouble and even fatalities. 
He couldn’t help but feel uneasy about the people in this urban village. Interacting with them left him with a deep sense of dread. 
To his surprise, Wynter actually relented after listening to him. “You’re right. We won’t be able to handle this. Since you’re already planning to withdraw your investment, go back and talk to Aunt Ophelia about the situation here.” 
Cyrus wasn’t foolish and snapped his head up. “Are you saying that my mom… that’s impossible!” 
If it really came to that, and the Whitman family didn’t support Wynter, it would be the same as stabbing her in the back. 
“Whether it’s possible or not, go talk to her first,” Wynter replied casually. “Before that, contact Mr. Calico. Tell him I’ve completed the site assessment and ask when he’s ready to sign the contract. 
“Also, let him know that I’m in a hurry. If negotiations with the urban village fall through, we can start with the land I mentioned. 
“But he should understand that I’m interested in that land specifically for the residents in that area. So, he should think carefully about the price for any additional land.” 
Cyrus took note of these points seriously. However, he still didn’t understand why she was so interested in that particular plot of land. It wasn’t worth taking even if it 
was offered for free. 
Wynter’s answer was straightforward. “Proceed with the negotiations.” 
When Alejandro received the message, his thoughts were the same as Cyrus‘. Disdain was etched on his expression. 
Chapter 1413 Top Discreet Compared to Her Fiancé 
“Is this just a tactic to secure the land?” Alejandro said 
“Well, should we give it to her then, Mr. Calico?” 
Alejandro took a sip of tea. “Yes. Projects such as these need to progress step by step. It’s important to offer something to keep her hopeful. After all, this is just a piece of land that no one else wants. Just let her have it.” 
“Understood!” 
They were eager to seize the opportunity since they finally had someone naive enough to fall for their tactics. 
The land acquisition applications from Kenton and Wynter were submitted simultaneously, but the relevant meetings had not yet concluded. 
Wynter had planned to take Cyrus back after leaving the urban village. After all, they were more or less finished up there. 
However, before she could even drive out the land, she encountered Dalton standing next to an off–road vehicle. It was a sight that was impossible to overlook. 
Wynter had thought her sports car was quite flashy, but seeing Dalton now made her realize she was still way too discreet in comparison. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
X 
###chapter1414
Chapter 1414 Truly Handsome
The customized off-road vehicle was already attention-grabbing enough. It became even more eye-catching with the row of bodyguards dressed in black.
Only Dalton was dressed in a well-tailored wine-red suit. With his long legs, narrow waist, and a cigarette delicately held between his fingers, his strikingly handsome face was even more defined.
Wynter raised an eyebrow. Wasn't he supposed to be a non-smoker?
Yet, even amid the bodyguards, his presence was so commanding that it didn't get overshadowed. Instead, everyone seemed to only serve as backdrops with him around.
Wynter finally understood the phrase "with a commanding presence, power follows" in a tangible way. It described Dalton perfectly.
It was only natural for her to park her car when encountering her fiancé.
A hint of warmth crept into Dalton's cold gaze upon seeing Wynter.
This brought a sigh of relief to those accompanying him. Although they were unsure why Dalton was in such a good mood suddenly, at least they wouldn't need to face the brunt of his displeasure.
Wynter only noticed the several other high-ranking executives nearby after she got out of the car.
Before she could wonder if it was appropriate to approach now, Dalton spoke up, "Are you taking Cyrus back to the Whitman residence?"
"Yes." Wynter watched as he extinguished the cigarette and walked over. She decided not to press further about her presence's appropriateness.
The others also started to recognize Wynter. They exchanged glances as they thought of ways to avoid being in the way.
Dalton's voice was casual when he addressed them. "Since everyone is unprepared, please see to it that Mr. Whitman is taken care of."
"Yes, of course!" one of the executives immediately responded. "Rest assured, Mr. Yarwood. Mr. Whitman is also a familiar face to us, and with our connections with Mr. Calico, we'll make sure he gets home safely."
Dalton merely hummed in approval and didn't say any further.
Cyrus didn't want to leave. He still wanted to discuss family matters with Wynter a bit longer. After all, the sudden recent changes were difficult for him to accept all at once.
However, considering that these individuals were all his elders and had offered to escort him, he felt it would be impolite to stay.
The Yarwood family's connections were indeed inscrutable. Even when it came to hosting and dining, everything had to align with Dalton's schedules. It was evident how influential they were with the prominent figures accompanying him.
Cyrus continued to look back even as the car drove away. The others, however, breathed a sigh of relief. Dealing with Dalton was far more demanding than interacting with higher- ups from their own side.
They couldn't quite decipher what Dalton was thinking. It felt like any small misstep might reveal their own inadequacies.
The management team from the Yarwood family was less concerned with the intricate dynamics. They were more focused on discerning Dalton's intentions. It seemed like he might be interested in acquiring land in this area.
However, they also considered it unlikely. After all, this location was too remote and challenging for development. They thought that perhaps it was just a fleeting interest.
But Wynter had a different perspective on this matter. She had no intention of competing for land with Dalton at this time.
"You're late. I've already secured this land," Wynter said nonchalantly as she leaned against her Lamborghini. She was replying to texts as she spoke to Dalton.
Dalton suddenly chuckled as he listened to Wynter. "You're quick to act."
"Is this land part of the Yarwood family's commercial plans?" Wynter was sharp. "I didn't know that."
Dalton's tone betrayed nothing. "It's more of a personal interest."
After all, beneath this land lay something significant to him.
Wynter chose not to delve into the reasons and focused on her warning. "Don't compete with me on this. It will complicate things if they realize what I'm doing. They think I'm after the urban village."
Dalton understood her plan from this comment alone and chuckled softly. "In terms of your cultivator jargon, this piece of land is right on the Celestial Force, though it doesn't show on the surface. It seems you bought it at a very low price."
###chapter1415

Chapter 1415 Everyone Is Afraid of You
Wynter enjoyed conversing with someone sharp. Her dark eyes gleamed as she spoke, "I got a package deal. The urban village is just a bonus since they had to give me something sweet first. After all, this is a trap set by the Wrays."
Dalton chuckled as he listened to Wynter. "Seems like the Wray family puts a lot of trust in the reincarnate predictions. He's assuming she's 100 percent accurate."
"Well, her stock market predictions have been pretty spot-on," Wynter took another sip of water. "The overall direction hasn't deviated much, either. Isn't there a meeting happening right now? I heard they're discussing development."
Dalton looked at her. "But they're missing a lot of details."
Wynter mused inwardly that no matter how many times Yvette might be reborn, she probably wouldn't outwit Dalton. "Yes, they're off by quite a bit."
She leaned in close and whispered, "I know you're smart, but maybe tone it down a bit. We're still in the village, and someone might overhear."
Dalton placed his left hand against her forehead gently before pushing her back slightly. "I smell like smoke."
He did, but...
Wynter raised an eyebrow. "You still smell pretty good."
She was different from others. It genuinely lifted Dalton's mood when she leaned in.
Dalton didn't bother hiding his amusement and casually glanced at Joseph, who was standing far away.
Sensing his cue, Joseph approached respectfully. "Mr. Yarwood."
"About the land we discussed earlier, let them know to give the Wrays a little competition." Dalton continued in a slow and deliberate tone, "Have some fun with them."
Joseph's fingers momentarily froze. After a brief hesitation, he nodded. "Understood."
He naturally understood the deeper implications having worked with Dalton for so long. The price would definitely be driven up with the Yarwood family entering the bidding.
Dalton was doing this so that the Wray family would end up paying twice the amount for the land. And it was clear from how Dalton had said it that he had no intention of actually acquiring the land. It was just a game.
Even Wynter paused for a moment. She had overlooked this tactic while bringing Cyrus around. It seemed that, once again, Dalton had outplayed her. He had effortlessly turned the situation to his advantage.
After all, if they were both here for a site assessment, it would only make sense to take action
that would align with the situation.
"Mr. Wray will only feel more confident if you play it this way." Wynter shook her head and she continued quietly, "This is what people mean by never judging a book by its cover. The more handsome they are, the more ruthless they can be."
Dalton heard her clearly and glanced down at her. "And who am I doing this for?"
"For me." Wynter's eyes sparkled with amusement. "Not a bad move."
He stepped closer, the faint scent of smoke mixed with lingering sandalwood brushing over her. "As long as you understand."
Wynter glanced around, noting that no one seemed poised to interrupt their conversation. However, this wasn't the best place for such a discussion, and she wasn't used to public displays of affection.
"Do you have any other business to take care of?" Wynter smoothly changed the subject.
There was indeed a meeting that could go on with or without him. His subordinates would be more than happy if he skipped it.
"Nothing pressing," Dalton replied casually.
Joseph, along with those who had already left, collectively breathed a sigh of relief.
The project lead, in particular, felt a deep surge of gratitude for Wynter. He had no idea what Wynter and Dalton had discussed, but one thing was clear-his position as the project's lead was safe, at least for today.
Wynter noticed the reactions of everyone around her and shifted her gaze back to Dalton. His face was undeniably pleasing to the eye, and the suit he wore seemed to elevate in value simply because it graced his frame.
On top of that, he was considerate and gentle, with a pale, almost delicate complexion. He was practically one of those tragic, pitiable characters straight out of a novel.
If only he didn't exude such a powerful presence. But then again, as a CEO, it was probably unavoidable. How else would he command respect? But were they really that fearful of him? It seemed a little excessive.
With that thought, Wynter decided to test the waters. "So... will you come with me?"
Everyone around them snapped their heads up. Their eyes were filled with undeniable genuine anticipation.
Dalton chuckled softly. "Sure."
###chapter1416
Chapter 1416 Husband and Wife Duo
Everyone visibly relaxed with the "demon lord" taken away.
However, there were still tasks to be completed. For instance, the bidding that Dalton had instructed them to pursue against the Wray family.
To ensure that Kenton felt the pressure, they leveraged their connections but used them sparingly. They were cautious because an accidental successful bid could complicate matters, and they wanted to avoid any messy outcomes.
If it were before, Kenton would be furious if someone tried to snatch something he had his eyes on. Of course, he wasn't entirely pleased now, either, since it was just too unfortunate. "The Yarwood family is said to have conducted a site assessment," Adrien reported.
Kenton's eyes darkened slightly as he considered this information. After a moment, he said, "It's not entirely a bad thing."
Not a bad thing? Adrien held the information he received tightly. "But the price will definitely go up with the Yarwood family bidding."
"So what if it doubles?" At this point, Kenton wasn't too concerned about how much he had to invest.
The Yarwood family had always gotten what they targeted. Their involvement meant that the land was indeed valuable, which only served to confirm Yvette's predictions.
Kenton's eyes lit up. "Have the finance department prepare an additional 200 million."
200 million wasn't significant enough to shake the group's foundation, but seeing that much cash leaving the accounts was still unsettling for Adrien.
Perhaps he wasn't fully in sync with Kenton's way of thinking, or maybe the conference already had a concrete plan. After all, the applications had already been submitted.
In any case, the results would be clear in five days once the conference concluded. Adrien didn't dwell too much on it. He knew the focus now was on securing the investment.
The market was closed on weekends, so the real action would start on Monday. Adrien understood this well, and so did Wynter.
Wynter wasn't bringing Dalton along for a simple date. Her sports car was parked in front of the trading platform.
Many people turned to look when they got out. After all, they were a good-looking couple. Especially with a CEO-like presence coming from Dalton, they caught a lot of attention.
Dalton typically avoided crowded places except when accompanying Wynter.
"Didn't you hand over the account details to me? What are we doing here?" Dalton pulled her back as Wynter tried to move ahead.
Wynter glanced back and whispered, "Maintain some distance, Mr. Yarwood. I'm your secretary now."
"Secretary?" Dalton raised an eyebrow before quickly getting into the role. "Since when do secretaries walk ahead of the boss?"
Wynter considered his words for a moment before slowing her pace. "Fine."
Dalton continued walking slowly. "So, Ms. Secretary, what's the purpose of bringing me here?"
"Mainly to chat with the older folks and express your confidence in gold valuation." Wynter loved collaborating with Dalton. It was effortless since he always knew what she wanted.
Dalton smiled. He always carried an air of aloofness despite his charming appearance. His inherent nobility became even more apparent especially when he lifted his eyes slightly." Am I supposed to chat with them?"
For someone like Dalton, who could bring in millions with just a few words at a casual overseas meeting, this was indeed quite an extravagant use of his time.
However, Wynter had her own ideas. "You're bound to appeal to the older folks with your looks."
Dalton was truly speechless.
Wynter continued flattering him. "Someone like Cyrus wouldn't do. Your staff might be okay, but they don't have that charm to make the older ladies swoon, either."
Dalton halted. He narrowed his eyes slightly, and a smirk tugged at his lips. "You're quite thoughtful, Ms. Secretary."
So, she brought him here to make the older ladies swoon...
"Nah, it wasn't much. It was just a spontaneous idea." Wynter was quite pleased with her wits. After all, she felt it would be a waste not to make use of him, especially after witnessing the scene where he was standing next to that off-road vehicle.
###chapter1417
Chapter 1417 The Angel Investor
The trading platform was swarmed with people, staring at the screen, given that the market just closed. Traders were actively managing their portfolios, and financial company staff provided detailed explanations to them.
Of course, the real heavyweights in the stock market were those who traded from their own computers and analyzed charts from their offices.
Here at the trading platform, they were mostly newbies to the field or retirees whose children were grown and didn’t have grandchildren to look after. These retirees often take a stroll through the trading platform after their shopping before heading home.
One should never underestimate these retirees. Many carried classic Louis Vuitton pieces. After all, retirement pensions were notably higher in Hawford compared to other regions.
Wynter chose this time to visit specifically to encounter them.
Outside the trading platform, many people’s attention was diverted as the sports car pulled up.
The elderly, who were both knowledgeable and cultured, were not easily swayed by common distractions.
However, both Wynter and Dalton’s presence was too striking to ignore. With the limited–edition Lamborghini and Dalton impeccably dressed in a suit, it was impossible not to notice them.
Originally engrossed in studying the stock market, the elderly now looked up with bright eyes.
Wynter held her ethereal beauty and commanding presence, and Dalton was the perfect definition of refinement and restraint. This perfect match was a sight unlike anything seen in Hawford.
“Hey, Finn, look at that watch on the guy’s wrist. It must be worth six figures, right?”
“Not just six, but seven.”
“He’s definitely a major investor.”
“Why is a major investor at the trading platform?”
The elderly men were so engrossed in their gossip that they had completely forgotten about their previous stock market analysis.
The elderly women were more focused on appearances, noting the well–tailored suits. “This person must have a good background. The suit is custom–made.”
“Look who’s talking. Your dress is custom–made, too.”
Someone chimed in, “Who doesn’t know that Ms. Sackett is wealthy?”
“Don’t flatter me. I’m just pointing out that this kind of presence is usually only seen with foreign investors.
Bethany Sackett, though old, had a sharp eye for such things.
Additionally, Wynter was not subtle at all. Perhaps inspired by her recent interaction with Dalton, she decided not to use her car for the transaction. Instead, she brought out a briefcase full of cash from the trunk and placed it right in front of the trader.
“Fill up this form for me. Havenia stocks, gold, paid in cash,” Wynter instructed with a professional tone.
The elderly men and women eavesdropped on them. With Dalton standing behind her, the entire scene gave off the energy of the mysterious angel investor.
Although Wynter was indeed the angel investor, people instinctively perceived Dalton as the true, enigmatic expert hiding in the shadows.
“Look at the briefcase full of cash! It should be at least this much!” one of the elderly men exclaimed, holding up five fingers.
Another elderly man adjusted his glasses. “It’s odd to use cash for transactions. Isn’t it faster to open an online account to trade?” 
“Maybe they were in too much of a rush. That’s why they came here.”
“Forget about that. You probably wouldn’t be able to get this much cash in time even if you withdrew it from the bank at the last minute.”
“So, there must be some insider information here!”
The elderly were the most convinced by the idea of insider information.
###chapter1418
Chapter 1418 Popular Among the Elderly Folks
“But they are buying gold that is increasing in value.”
“I heard rumors that someone’s about to impose sanctions on gold.”
At this, one of the elderly women chimed in, “Oh, come on. When has gold ever really dropped in value? Sure, scarlet emeralds might outperform it during times of prosperity, but gold has never truly dropped in value.”
“Let’s stop guessing and just watch them!” someone suggested.
Even just counting the money would take some time since it was a cash transaction..
With such a large amount of cash, the machine had to count it once, then someone would count it again, and finally, a third check was done to ensure accuracy. Only after these three rounds without errors could the funds be credited.
The trader was exceptionally enthusiastic about this client who seemed to have appeared out of nowhere. After all, encountering such a generous retail investor was a rarity.
On top of that, the client was incredibly generous. Just the transaction fees alone were enough to cover the trader’s expenses for a year!
“Please sign here.” The trader was clearly fishing for some background info. “You don’t seem like first time traders. Are you locals?”
Wynter shook her head and chuckled boldly. “We just got back from overseas.”
Upon hearing this, Dalton paused briefly. His gaze drifted toward her with a hint of amusement in his eyes.
He didn’t say anything. After all, he had to maintain the aloof and distant demeanor she had set up for him. All he had to do was stand there and play an international CEO’s role.
As expected, the moment they mentioned overseas, the trader’s and the elderly onlookers‘ eyes shone even brighter.
Overseas? That meant they were major investors!
“It’s easier to open an account directly at the trading platform,” Wynter continued.
Wynter and Dalton’s cash–counting spectacle had already become the trading platform’s highlight. Now, with the confirmation that they were from overseas, everyone was curious to see how they would invest next.
“All in on gold?” The trader hesitated, subtly offering advice. “Gold has been rising lately. But just to be cautious, maybe you should consider diversifying into other stocks.”
It was a careful nudge to imply that gold might have reached its peak and could soon drop, and that making further investments was risky.
Wynter paused at his words, but her hesitation wasn’t because of uncertainty. It was to turn and glance at Dalton.
Sensing her gaze, Dalton raised an eyebrow. He suppressed a smile before returning to his distant and dignified demeanor, making himself as unapproachable as usual. “No need. All in.”
His foreign accent was flawless, each word softly enunciated. His “all in” sounded exactly like those upper -class elites in films who genuinely didn’t care about money.
Coupled with his sharp, chiseled features and regal presence, anyone watching might easily mistake him
for a royal from some distant island. He did look like someone with possible real capital to back him up. 
With just two words, Dalton effortlessly commanded the entire room’s attention.
This made even Wynter do a double–take at Dalton. She wondered if her fiancé would be able to remain so casual even if he had to throw in a few more billions.
Dalton’s move made it too easy for speculation. From their entrance to the cash transaction, especially the fact that they only bought gold stocks.
The imaginative older folks exchanged glances with each other.
“Ms. Sackett, why don’t you ask them?”
“I don’t even know them. How should I ask?” Bennett asked.
“You excel in foreign languages, so you will be able to communicate with them. Just go talk to them casually. They don’t seem too difficult to talk to.“
“Yes. The man might be hard to approach, but the woman is definitely approachable.”
The elderly folks were referring to Wynter. She had always been popular among the older generation. Her charm was evident from how those in the former family estate and Reuben treated her.
Moreover, having done so much, Wynter would certainly make opportunities for the elderly women to approach her.
###chapter1419
Chapter 1419 Secret Information 
After opening her checking account, Wynter seemingly headed to the restroom to fix her makeup. In reality, she was waiting for the elderly to approach her. 
Bethany was dressed with elegance and carried herself with poise. Though it wasn’t her usual style to intrude, she had been left flabbergasted by the incident 
Following Wynter into the restroom, Bethany attempted to cotton up to her. “Young lady, I heard it was your first time in Hawford. Is that right?” 
Wynter set down the pressed powder, though she never meant to use it. She turned to Bethany with a smile. “Indeed. Hawford is beautiful. No wonder people from major global cities come here to visit.” 
With the conversation underway, Bethany eagerly rambled, You must’ve visited Riogeb as well. It’s not only a beautiful place but also known for its fantastic food. The seafood pasta and palmier are especially renowned as some of the oldest delicacies.” 
“We got here without having the chance to try them out. It’s all about getting ahead of the game, don’t you agree?” Wynter replied with her voice low. 
Bethany nodded in agreement. “I do. I’ve been engaging in stocks for over a year, and I know many oversea traders will soon be opening accounts for the stock market here. 
11 
Chapter 1419 Secret Information 
“That said, you’ve been a surprise with that much wealth. Why didn’t you deposit your money sooner?” 
“We didn’t have time. We rushed over as soon as we got the news,” Wynter answered vaguely 
Her mysteriousness only sparked Bethany’s imaginative thinking. “What kind of news? Care to share with me?” 
When Wynter appeared hesitant, Bethany quickly assured, ” Don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone.” 
“It’s not that I don’t want to share–the others won’t make it, anyway. But this doesn’t seem the right place to talk,” Wynter explained as she glanced around. 
Realizing her words‘ undertone, Bethany suggested, “You’re right. Let’s continue this conversation at the café. I have a few friends waiting.” 
“Alright, but you can only bring up to four people. You do 
understand that this information is quite valuable,” Wynter said. 
Bethany was visibly excited at Wynter’s words. She gave her assurance with a confident pat on her chest. “Rest assured, we won’t spill any secrets. What’s your name, young lady?” 
“Just call me Wynter, madam. To be honest, you remind me of my family, or I won’t be sharing the information with you. I need to finish my application, but I’ll have an expert provide you with more details,” Wynter instructed, keeping things impeccable as usual. 
Bethany felt much relieved at Wynter’s excuse. She suggested connecting on Facebook, and Wynter shared one of her 
Chapter 1419 Secret Information 
usernames. The profile was filled with stock market charts, which only added to Wynter’s credibility. 
Thrilled, Bethany returned to the group and added four of her closest associates. She led them to a secluded spot and 
shared a snippet of Wynter’s words, stirring excitement within the four elders as well. 
When Wynter arrived with Dalton, Bethany approached her and asked, “Is that your boyfriend, Wynter? He’s such a handsome lad!” 
“Bethany’s right. Just look at that pretty face–it’s so different from my husband’s. Forget it, I must have been too blind to marry him back then!” An elderly woman sighed. 
Dalton and Wynter exchanged gazes as they listened. 
1 
###chapter1420
Chapter 1420 Introducing Dalton to the Whitmans 
Before the group could chat further, Wynter hurriedly interjected, “He’s actually my boss, Ms. Sackett. I mentioned. bringing an expert in gold valuation here to provide an 
explanation, right? My boss happens to be available, so I invited him over!” 
Dalton gave a soft chuckle and took on his role. “My secretary has briefed me on the details. I’ll start the lecture now.” 
The elders took their seats and stared attentively at Dalton. Since the topic involved earning profits, they knew better than to take it lightly and focused intently on the lecture. 
Dalton explained, “You might have heard the saying that a diamond is forever, but why isn’t it as stable in value as gold? Many families tend to purchase gold for various occasions, 
and there’s a reason for that. 
“Several factors, including prices, currencies, and market 
demands influence gold’s value. Essentially, gold is a type of metal recognized by the world, whereas diamonds are mere stones, much like emeralds. That’s why gold’s value remains steady and tends to rise over time.” 
The elders scratched their heads in confusion. “We don’t quite understand. It feels like we didn’t grasp any of it.” 
Dalton attempted to continue but paused, realizing his usual explanation might not be clear to the elders. 
Wynter quickly stepped in with a simpler explanation. “What he 
Chapter 1420 introducing Dalton to the Whitmans 
214 
means is that investing in gold can be very profitable. There’s nothing happier than making money. Isn’t that right? 
“Given the current trend, you’re likely to see steady returns with 
gold. Instead of letting your pension go to waste, you can make full use of it and secure a better future for your 
descendants!” 
The elders were delighted by Wynter’s words. They weren’t fools who would miss out on a chance to make money. Some passersby shot the group questionable gazes, wondering if MLM agents tended to dress fashionably nowadays. 
As the elders headed home gleefully, Wynter cast Dalton a meaningful glance. Her look hinted at her disappointment at having to intervene. The couple then headed to Wynter’s car 
and drove off. 
“You’ve been in Hawford for a while now. It’s time to meet my maternal relatives,” Wynter said decisively as she steered the car toward the Whitman residence. She didn’t bother giving Dalton a chance to consider. 
Dalton smiled affectionately, going along with her whims. 
“You did well just now, but you were a bit too formal. Those people are normal citizens, and we need to approach them from their perspective,” Wynter advised, to which Dalton took her words to heart. 
The two continued to chat until they reached the Whitman residence’s gate. 
Following Wynter’s guidance, Reuben had been exercising regularly and taking fitness programs. 
Chap 1423 introducing Dalton to the Whamans 
The elders who worked out with him were impressed by his improved physique. Where he once struggled with basic movements, Reuben could now complete an entire workout routine effortlessly. 
Upon seeing Wynter and Dalton arrive, the butler, Mathias 
Mccoy, went up to greet them. Instead of asking directly, he said, “Welcome back, Ms. Wynter. Both Mr. Noah and Mr. Taylor are having a discussion in the study, while Mr. Reuben is out exercising. 
“Is this your guest? Would you like me to take you to another study for your discussion?” 
“He’s my fiancé. I brought him over for an introduction,” Wynter replied. 
After instructing Mathias to prepare some drinks, she led Dalton to the living room. As they settled into their seats, Noah and Taylor emerged from the study. 
The brothers immediately noticed Wynter, but their attention. quickly shifted to the imposing man seated beside her. Both Noah’s and Taylor’s curiosity was piqued as they had never seen Wynter returned with a man before. 
Taylor was the first to question, “Who’s this, Sevie? Could he be the mysterious fiancé we’ve heard about?” 
Taking a sip of her drink, Wynter heard his question and affirmed, “Yes, this is my fiancé, Dalton Yarwood.” 
Noah and Taylor exchanged gazes before bursting into chuckles. “You’ve got good taste! He’s just like us when we 
###chapter1421
Chapter 1421 Weak 
Dalton greeted his elders with a faint smile. Taylor then turned to Wynter with a teasing tone. “Why the sudden visit? Are you planning to introduce him to us and the rest of the family?” 
That said, Noah and Taylor were genuinely happy for the couple. Both Wynter’s and Dalton’s charming features made them appear as a perfect match, presenting a sight that was nothing short of mesmerizing. 
Before Wynter could respond, Dalton spoke up, “I apologize for the unannounced visit. I intended to pay proper respect to the Whitman family, but I didn’t come prepared with any gifts.” 
Taylor waved off his concern. “Forget about the gifts. Just having you here is enough. Let’s have the kitchen prepare some extra specialty dishes, and we’ll enjoy a drink later.” 
Wynter hurriedly interjected, “Dalton has a weak constitution, Uncle Taylor. It’s better to avoid strong drinks for now. Besides, you must have other businesses to attend. 
“Let’s save the drinking for another time and have a nice meal instead. I’d like to update you on the land we acquired as well.” 
Noah, who sat at the other end of the table, set down his cup and asked calmly, “Have you turned in the application?” 
“I did. Mr. Calico, whom Cyrus introduced me to, is really something.” Wynter nodded as her eyes glinted. Noah agreed with a soft chuckle, though his demeanor remained indifferent. 
Chapter 1427 Weak 
Their conversation seemed to have an air of secrecy. 
Dalton took a sip of his drink. After a moment of silence, Noah asked, “Give me an honest answer, Sevie. What are your 
thoughts on Cyrus?” 
Wynter answered candidly in a low voice, “Do you want to hear the truth? I find Cyrus too naive. It’s one thing if he was born a common citizen, but he’s the Whitman family’s eldest son. Others will give more thought to what he overlooks.” 
Taylor considered suggesting Wynter soften her words but realized that honesty was the best policy within the family. 
Noah took an unlit cigarette in hand, seemingly deep in thought. “Is there anything else?” 
“Cyrus is easy to manipulate for his kindness and loyalty, but those are also his strengths. He has spent years alone abroad and received foreign education, so he needs time to change his perspective. 
“Fortunately, he seemed to have learned from Mr. Blaise’s 
incident and didn’t bring shame to the Whitman family,” Wynter concluded, having taken a comprehensive look at the situation. 
Hearing Wynter’s assessment, Noah secretly heaved a sigh of relief. He shook his head with a chuckle. “If Cyrus is as good as you say, then the one beside you must be exceptional. He did become his family’s head at just 19.” 
Noah’s comment was directed at Dalton. Wynter glanced at her fiancé and refuted, “You can’t compare Cyrus to him. Sometimes, too much of a good thing can be detrimental.” 
Chap 1421 Weak 
“She has a point. Mr. Cyrus hasn’t reached that age yet,” Dalton chimed in with a soft cough. 
Noah and Taylor exchanged looks, thinking that Cyrus was older than him. 
Based on the rumors they had heard about the Yarwoods, they were aware that Dalton wasn’t in the best of health. They couldn’t help but worry whether Dalton’s frail condition would affect Wynter’s future happiness. 
With glaring gazes, the brothers questioned Dalton’s health. After all, Wynter mentioned he had a weak constitution. 
Setting his cup down, Dalton stared into their eyes and replied, ” I have fully recovered. Sevie can vouch for that.” 
Unaware of the subtle tension, Wynter added, “He’s certainly better, though the medication has been costly. That said, his breathing still isn’t completely steady.” 
Dalton raised a brow at her remark. It seemed he would need to have a private discussion with her later about who was the one with erratic breathing during critical moments. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1422
Chapter 1422 Marry Into the Family 
Noah and Taylor had to return to the company for official matters, as their situation remained precarious and fraught with unseen dangers. 
Despite their concern about the property Wynter had seemingly acquired to divert Kenton’s attention, they chose not to 
interfere and offered words of caution. 
That said, they did hear some troubling rumors about Wynter and decided to address her engagement. 
As the food was prepared, Noah and Taylor broached the 
subject. “You’ve been engaged to Wynter for quite some time, Dalton. What are your plans? Has Mr. Yarwood Senior been pressuring you?” 
When the Quinnells and Whitmans were estranged, Noah and Taylor hadn’t had the chance to express their views as Wynter’s uncles. Yet, they made a point of showing their support for her during formal occasions. 
Dalton realized their underlying intention and gave a knowing smile. Just as he was about to respond, Wynter cut him off. 
“I understand your concerns, but there’s no need to rush. I’m still young, and it’s more important for me to focus on 
business and earning money. 
“Besides, I haven’t reclaimed the Southern Cascadian Chamber of Commerce. Let’s talk about marriage another time,” Wynter stated firmly. 
But when would that time be? Dalton glanced at her and said, I’m not holding back your ambitions.” 
“You’re not a hindrance, but your influence is too strong. Even if I achieve great success, others will attribute it solely to your 
support. 
“They say women are less capable than men, but I’m 
determined to disprove that. What, are you eager?” Wynter 
fixed Dalton a stern look. 
Dalton picked up a napkin and wiped the corner of her mouth. ” Yes, I am eager,” he admitted. 
Wynter was taken aback by his answer. She thought they were on the same page about not rushing into marriage. 
“Give me a little bit more time. Once things are settled with the Quinnell family, I’ll take you as my husband,” Wynter said with a smile. She felt somewhat like a despicable fraud for not 
giving Dalton a definitive answer. 
Dalton was completely stunned, while Noah and Taylor wondered if they had heard wrong. 
Upon coming to his senses, Dalton seemed anything but. offended. Instead, his face lit up with delight. “If that makes you and your brothers happy, I don’t mind marrying into your family.” 
Noah and Taylor shared a look of disbelief. They wondered if Dalton was truly the same man they knew, especially after seeing how he appeared smitten by Wynter. 
Dalton was recognized in the business world for his ruthless 
Chapter 1422 Marry Into the Family 
and decisive nature. A figure commanding respect and fear, he was the most prominent among the family’s three generations and possessed immense wealth. 
Rumors even claimed that he was disinterested in forming close relationships with women, but it seemed that those rumors might not have been entirely accurate. 
Just then, Noah’s phone buzzed in his pocket. Glancing at the screen, Noah found that it was a call from Ophelia. Without hesitation, he expressionlessly hung up the call. 
Wynter noticed his gesture but chose not to interfere, knowing it concerned Noah’s personal affairs. 
Midway through the meal, Taylor rose from his seat as his assistant approached. “Noah and I have some business to attend to at the company. Enjoy your meal.” 
Wynter had nearly finished eating by then. Before her uncles left, they reminded her, “You two should get the wedding sorted soon. It’s bad to delay it further. We know people must be pressuring you about it, so just get it done. We’ll prepare a large gift for the occasion.” 
While Dalton seemed to appreciate the encouragement, Wynter couldn’t be bothered. After all, Dalton hadn’t been exactly 
honest with her. 
In truth, Wynter had visited the Whitman residence with specific intentions. She wasn’t just there to prepare Reuben’s medicine in advance, but she also wanted to assess her 
uncle’s positions. With her suspicions confirmed, it was time 
to close the net. 
###chapter1423
Chapter 1423 hts Value We Be Tripled 
Chapter 1423 Its Value Will Be Tripled 
Bethany, who had returned home, couldn’t help but dwell on the incident at the exchange center. 
She held significant influence within the elderly group, largely due to her access to lucrative insider information. Even if such 
information didn’t always lead to profit, they never lost out. 
In the past, such privileged details were reserved for stock traders. Bethany had also guided her friends and relatives toward profitable investments, but things had become 
different. 
Bethany couldn’t shake off her anxiousness as she recalled Wynter’s directive. Humans were inherently driven by self- interest and inclined to consider their own family’s gains when given a chance. 
With that in mind, Bethany swiftly gave a call to her sister–in- law upon reaching home. 
The message was relayed to Bethany’s brother, Troy Sackett, who was told to gather at their usual spot as Bethany had something to share. Despite Troy’s initial dismissal, his wife insisted that it was valuable information and urged him to attend. 
Within minutes, everyone had assembled at their regular meeting place. 
Maintaining her usual demeanor, Bethany announced, “This news is a major bombshell, far exceeding the minor gains 
Chapter 1423 Its Value Will Be Tripled 
we’ve seen in the past. Handle it discreetly and don’t share it with anyone else, especially Sofia.” 
The group exchanged knowing looks, realizing Bethany must have something important to share for her to gather them on such short notice. 
“Just tell us already, Bethany. What’s with the secret?” one of them urged. 
Taking a deep breath, Bethany explained, “I went to the exchange center with Finn today and ran into two foreign investors. They were carrying a full bag of cash. 
“As soon as they arrived, they invested all their assets in gold on the Havenia stock exchange. I took the opportunity to cotton up to them. 
“The secretary, seeing a resemblance to her family in me, agreed to have a little chat, but only if we kept it confidential.” 
Everyone gasped at the sheer amount involved and were bewildered to hear that it was all invested in gold. 
Bethany went on with her revelations. “The investors claimed that gold is on the rise and predicted it could triple in value!” 
Everyone was taken aback by the staggering news. They had been monitoring the gold trends but found its value barely moved. With traders and rumors forecasting a possible drop in gold prices, they chose not to take the risk. 
Yet, new rumors suggested a threefold increase in gold value. Even those with little experience in stock investments couldn’t ignore such a promising deal. 
Chap 1423 Voker Will Re Tripled 
The house erupted into a frenzy as everyone was eager to head to the exchange center. 
“Everyone, calm down! The market is closed today. The 
investors used cash because they were pressed for time. I suggest we wait for the market to open on Monday, or we can buy some gold at the mall,” Bethany advised. 
Her suggestion sparked a new outlook. As gold’s value soared on the stock markets, gold bars in malls would also see a rise in price. At that point, everyone would rush to the mall for a chance to profit. 
The other four elders shared similar news with their own families. Word spread quickly, and major malls were soon packed with people hunting for gold accessories. Evidently, no group came close to the elders‘ proficiency in disseminating information. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1424
Chapter 1424 The Land Is His 
Though the sales assistants were taken aback, they didn’t utter a word of complaint. After all, they would receive greater commissions with more purchases, which contributed to higher salaries and meeting sales targets. 
It wasn’t a daily occurrence for the entire family to shop for gold accessories at once. Even among married couples, they were quite picky about their choices. 
Such an unusual sight was something even the CEOS were unlikely to encounter. Little did they know that it was merely the beginning. 
Just outside the mall, Wynter’s spectacular Lamborghini sat in all its glory. Initially suggesting a stroll after the meal, Wynter took Dalton for a milkshake and checked on the scene. 
It seemed her cajolery at the exchange center had yielded impressive results. Wynter anticipated a new development within three days. 
Sitting in the passenger seat, Dalton wore a smug smile as he noted the growing influx of customers at the jewelry store. True to his suspicions, Wynter’s insights went beyond mere 
investments. 
As night fell, Adrien stood beside Kenton in a commercial building and reported in a hushed voice, “Everything is in place. When the exchange opens, they’ll be withdrawing a 
and is Ms 
24 
considerable number of shares.” 
“It’s time to pull out anyway. The earnings might not be 
substantial, but we must consider the potential losses. Have the shares been sold?” Kenton glanced at his assistant and questioned. 
“Yes, all the gold shares have been sold as per your 
instructions, except for the three stocks you requested,” Adrien replied as he lowered his gaze. 
Kenton could practically foresee his wealth doubling.” 
Excellent. What about Albert Quinnell? Has he fallen into the 
trap?” 
Adrien snickered. “He’s still holding onto his gold positions. Youngsters can be so full of themselves. They genuinely think the stocks they invested in will rise.” 
Kenton let out a sigh. “It’s a shame that girl didn’t invest more, but I suppose she won’t bear to see her brother penniless!” 
His haughty laughter echoed in the elevator as his sinister reflection surfaced in the mirrored walls. “How dare they challenge me? I’ll make sure Wynter and the Quinnells are finished for good!” 
Kenton never once forgot the humiliation Wynter inflicted on him. In particular, his product sales had gravely suffered following the scandal involving the Blaises‘ domestic goods. 
The entire internet now learned that the Wrays had accepted foreign support, which severely crippled his businesses. 
The Quinnells had brought his wrath upon themselves, and 
and s 
Kenton was eager to see how Wynter would handle the issues with both the stock investments and urban villages. 
Thrilled by the news, Kenton made several calls without considering that some matters were still under investigation. After that, he reinitiated the scholarship committee. 
The next day, he was flooded with congratulatory calls regarding his land acquisition. 
“Congratulations, Mr. Wray! We heard of your recent land acquisition. It’s our treat tonight. Let’s celebrate your success!” members of the Chamber of Commerce exclaimed. 
Kenton grinned from ear to ear as he received the calls. It was all thanks to that crucial phone call and Yvette’s information. Despite having to offer an additional 200 million to outbid the Yarwoods, he managed to secure the land. 
After freshening up, Kenton headed straight to the Bureau of Land Management to finalize the contract. His prior worries had melted away and been replaced with a beaming smile. 
If the authorities decided to develop the land he acquired, would mean substantial profits for him. On top of that, the shares he had purchased were set to boost his wealth further. 
it 
Upon noticing Kenton’s arrival, the Chamber of Commerce’s members hurriedly went to greet him. “We’ve been watching out for you, Mr. Wray. Though the Yarwoods intend to compete for the land, they are no match for you in Hawford!” 
Kenton merely smiled at their flatteries and went inside the building, where the department administrator handed the contract over. Upon signing, the contract was printed in two 
copies and became legally bindi 
###chapter1425
Chapter 1425 Pay Up 
In the urban villages, Jarek was informed that the property developer had submitted the application. Meanwhile, Alejandro was busy collecting opinions from the villagers. 
According to certain rules from the Bureau of Land 
Management, the village chief had to reason with the villagers before any demolition and relocation could proceed. Despite wielding the highest authority in Valen Village, Jarek still had to comply with formalities. 
After gathering the village executives and representatives, Jarek went straight to the point. “I’m sure you’ve met the person who tried to take our land.” 
“We did. She showed up looking rather smug in that fancy car,” someone affirmed. 
Taking a sip of his drink, Jarek continued, “Whether we like it 
or not, she’s our investor. We’re lucky that the village has caught her eyes. We shouldn’t give her too much of a hard time to at least show some respect to Mr. Calico. 
“But that doesn’t mean we’re going to hand over the land just like that. Let’s offer her the western land and see what she does with it. What do you say?” 
Following the improvement in the villagers‘ living conditions, the western land had become barren and was no longer 
cultivable. 
The villagers exchanged knowing glances and spoke up, “We’ll 
Chapter 1425 Pay Up 
let you to decide, Mr. Jarek. You’ve guided us well in the past, and we trust you’ll do the same now. 
“We can give her the land, but only if the price is right. And we’ll only sign the contract after receiving the money.” 
The person standing beside Jarek glanced at the villagers and said, “Do you doubt Mr. Jarek’s capabilities? Rest assured, everyone will benefit from this. 
“While she has offered an additional five million, the homesteads are crucial parts of the deal. Things will go smoothly once she signs the deal for the arable land.” 
Only then did the villagers grasp the full implication. It turned out that the property developer was a foolish scion. While five million dollars might not be a significant sum, she acquired a land that was essentially worthless. 
If she had asked around, she would’ve known that the land was a former ditch and of no real value. Jarek had eagerly agreed to the offer not just to sweeten the deal but to ensure her continued investments. 
“As expected from Mr. Jarek, you’ve thought ahead of us! We’re ready to sign the contract!” the villagers exclaimed. 
With a gentle press of his hand, Jarek directed the contract be brought forth. After reviewing the price and the scope of the land, the cunning villagers signed the contract happily. 
“Then it’s settled. I’ll inform the higher–ups. The investor must’ve arrived by now, and I’m sure she’ll be happy to hear 
this,” Jarek said with a smile. 
Chapter 1405 Pay Up 
Once the initial settlement was made, the second installment would follow. Eventually, the villagers would enjoy a leisure and prosperous year. Jarek couldn’t help but smile at his brilliant scheme. 
Upon receiving Jarek’s update, Alejandro quickly reached out to Wynter. “Hello, Ms. Quinnell. It’s me. The villagers have 
given their consent. Please bring your legal and financial team to the Bureau of Land Management.” 
He sounded rather impatient, perhaps anticipating a sum to embezzle. 
Keeping up her pretense, Wynter closed the car door and asked on the phone, “What’s the rush, Mr. Calico? I haven’t even prepared the funds yet.” 
Alejandro narrowed his eyes, secretly mocking Wynter for her ignorance. “This isn’t something you can afford to delay. While the land is worth 50 million now, the price might change. 
“Besides, this development project was originally worthed around 600 million. You should understand that you have received additional support for improving people’s lives.” 
Though Alejandro claimed that it was all for the people, he was discreetly pressing Wynter to make the payment promptly. 
###chapter1426
Chapter 1426 The Land’s Owner
As if struck by realization, Wynter wore a look of surprise.” Please calm down, Mr. Calico. It seems I’ve overlooked a few things. I’ll have Albert prepare the funds and head to the Bureau of Land Management immediately.”
Despite her words, Wynter casually stirred the ice cubes in her milkshake. She had developed a taste for unsweetened milkshakes since arriving in Hawford, finding them helpful for managing unexpected energy slumps. Content protected by N?v/el(D)rama.Org.
Hearing her response, Alejandro relaxed his grip on the wine box as his frustration eased. “I’m glad you understand my good intentions. Be quick, as the contract has been established.”
After all, he had made all preparations to ensure she would be unable to back out.
With a sly smile, Wynter replied, “You’re quite efficient, Mr. Calico. I look forward to seeing how things develop.”
“So do we,” Alejandro echoed in his heart. He could envision the gains he would reap with his associates.
Though Wynter might be naive and foolish, she had the Quinnells‘ and the Whitmans‘ support. With the two families ready to cover for her shortcomings, Alejandro and his associates had the leverage to dictate their terms.
With that in mind, Alejandro swiftly made a call to the Bureau of Land Management and instructed his men to expedite Wynter’s dealings.
Unfortunately, one tended to overlook the finer details when a significant benefit was at stake, such as the city mapping and upcoming conference.
Wynter arrived at the Bureau of Land Management with Dalton in tow.
As they were transferring a piece of land valued at just five million dollars, the process was relatively straightforward. Even so, both the Valen Village’s people and Alejandro believed they had snagged an excellent bargain.
“You may review the contract, Ms. Quinnell. If everything is in order, please sign your name here,” the administrator directed.
Official documents were generally tricky to forge. But Wynter, with her legal background and expertise, wasn’t easily misled. After carefully reviewing the contract and verifying the official seal, she signed her name on the document.
“You may make the initial payment now. Please remember to pay the remaining balance in full within a month,” the administrator stated, handing Wynter two documents from the drawer.
“No need for installments. I’ll settle the full amount today.”
Wynter smiled and slid the check across the desk. Beaming, the administrator quickly collected the check and stamped the documents.
Dalton glanced at Wynter beside him and toned down his voice. Their conversation was barely audible for others to hear.
His breathy voice reached Wynter’s ears. “To secure a vast expanse of land infused with the celestial force for just five million dollars shows that you really know your stuff, Dr. Genius.”
It had been a while since Wynter heard that nickname. Maybe because they were so close, she couldn’t help feeling a tickling sensation in her ear. As Wynter turned around to retort, her lips brushed against Dalton’s cheeks.
Even Dalton was caught off guard by the unexpected kiss. Something flickered across his eyes as he held Wynter’s head. “Save the kisses for home. This isn’t the place for that.”
Raising her eyebrow, Wynter was about to retort when the administrator came over to hand her the completed documents. With that, all development rights and land usage of Westvalen were officially in her possession.
###chapter1427
Chapter 1427 The Quinnells are Doomed 
Wyner left the Bureau of Land Management after receiving the official documents. 
Meanwhile, Kenton was enjoying a feast with his associates in 
a private suite when Adrien hurried over with a look of 
excitement. 
“Mr. Wray, Wynter has officially secured the deal for the western land of Valen Village,” Adrien reported in a hushed 
voice. 
Instantly, Kenton leaped from his seat with a hearty laugh. Startled by his sudden outburst, the others shot him curious 
looks. 
“Do you have anything exciting to share, Mr. Wray? Or is it a stock market plunge?” someone asked. 
Another refuted, “The stocks must be solid and rising. It’s something else.” 
With a beaming smile, Kenton raised his glass and stated, ” This isn’t for me to say. Tell them the news, Adrien.” 
When Adrien recounted the events at the Bureau of Land Management, the group burst into laughter. 
“Are you serious? Typical of a youngster. How brave of her to act so confidently without understanding the new picture. She must be quite full of herself after her last victory.” Someone snickered. 
Chapter 1427 The Quinnelis are Doomed 
“Only a fool will take over that part of the land. Not only will she incur heavy losses, but she’ll also put her family at risk trying to cover her major shortfall. Let’s keep quiet and watch the Whitmans crumble into chaos,” another echoed. 
Kenton’s associates gloated over Wynter’s possible 
predicament. Their own businesses had been struggling since the Blaises‘ rise to success. 
Just like Kenton, they had suffered reputational damages that led to declines in their market capitalizations. Not to mention they had faced severe criticism from their capitalists backers, with Wynter being the one to blame. 
In truth, the group had colluded to corner Albert in the stock markets. Following Wynter’s acquisition of Westvalen, the Quinnell family was bound to face a major setback. 
Just then, someone posed a question. “Are there really no issues with the gold stocks?” 
Clinking his wine glass, Kenton affirmed, “Everything is in 
order. The Quinnells will be too occupied to bother, and the Whitmans won’t offer any support. In the end, all she can do is 
11 
“-Flee Hawford in disgrace!” someone interjected. He turned out to be the one who refused Wynter’s offer and ended up 
ridiculed as a bootlicker. 
The group of pot bellied men were willing to go to great lengths for profit. After all, they had even stooped to smearing domestic goods on the foreign investors‘ behalf. 
Chapter 1427 The Quinnells are Doomed 
Far from feeling remorseful about laundering the compatriots‘ money offshore, they were filled with excitement. 
The men grumbled about the long weekend wait, impatiently counting the days until the stock market opened. By Monday, everyone would see that the stocks they kept skyrocketed while those they sold plummeted. 
Such was the classic pump–and–dump scheme of capitalists. They initially drove up the price only to let them crash, ultimately leaving the investors with losses. 
As the scheme was plotted discreetly, the men were confident that their ruse would go unnoticed. 
Meanwhile, news of Wynter acquiring a worthless piece of land began circulating within the social circles. 
During business meetings with Noah, some openly mocked, We heard Ms. Quinnell has taken over Westvalen. I have to say, I’m impressed by the Whitmans‘ generosity. To think that you’ll easily splurge five million just for kicks.” 
Their inquisitive words and smirks betrayed their underlying malice. At that point, Wynter’s actions had raised doubts about her business acumen among many. 
###chapter1428
Chapter 1428 The Threat Against Wynter 
Wynter’s predicament provided the Montclairs a perfect excuse to visit the Whitman family. Unexpectedly, Tamia herself came to speak with Noah. 
Tamia started with a sigh. “I don’t have anything against Wynter, but there are risks engaging in stock investments. While five million dollars isn’t a huge amount, what’s more important is how other capitalists perceive us. 
“Both the Whitman and Montclair families are long–standing enterprises in Hawford. If Cyrus continues to fool around with Wyner, it could raise doubts about his capabilities and jeopardize his future fund acquisition. 
“I understand that families ought to help each other out, but Cyrus‘ position is different. He has much more to consider since he will be inheriting the Monclairs‘ family business. Given this, Cyrus will cease all involvement with Wynter and focus on his own ventures.” 
Tamia’s points were both reasonable and solid. As she spoke, Noah listened in silence. Though his expression remained stoic, his knuckles had turned white from gripping his cup tightly. 
Just then, Ophelia placed her hand on his shoulder and 
advised, “I know you’re worried about Marie and Sevie, but you need to think about our family, too. At the very least, we must ensure Cyrus has a way to back out. 
“You know how treacherous Valen Village can be. If he gets 
Chap: 1426 The Threat Against Wynter 
caught in this mess, he won’t be able to get away without coughing up several hundred million. 
“Sevie has always been headstrong, and no one can reason with her. Besides, she has nothing to worry about. 
“She can always return to Kingbourne if things don’t work out, but our businesses are rooted in Hawford. Do you remember how Shane dealt with something similar in the past?” 
The mention of Shane hit a sensitive spot for Noah. He immediately looked up at Ophelia and heaved a sigh. “Alright, we’ll do as you say. We’ll call Cyrus back and halt his 
investment with Sevie.” 
His last statement sounded reluctant, as if he had struggled internally to voice it. 
Tamia felt a deep sense of relief upon hearing Noah’s affirmation. With her goal achieved, she now focused on fostering a harmonious family ambiance. 
Tamia wasn’t only adept at handling internal family matters but was also rarely troubled by business losses. A resilient widow from the bygone days, she wasn’t one to be 
underestimated. She was a skilled manipulator and sought to seize control of everything. 
Even though the Montclairs‘ heir remained undecided, Tamia was determined to secure Cyrus‘ connection to the Whitman family. She wouldn’t hesitate to eliminate any hindrances that stood in her way. 
At that point, Wynter’s reputation had taken such a hit that people started to forget that she had revived the Blaises‘ 
business in just one day. 
When some of the Whitmans‘ allies started wavering, Orson reached out to Wynter with concern. “Ms. Quinnell, you’ll 
always receive half of the profit from the applesauce factory. 
“However, the business is just beginning to recover, and we can’t afford any more setbacks. If you’re facing financial difficulties, I have some funds in my personal account…” 
Before Orson could finish, Wynter interjected, “You’re doing the right thing, Mr. Blaise. No matter what happens, it’s crucial to maintain a healthy cash flow for your factories. No need to worry about me.” 
Still, Orson remained anxious. “You saved the Blaise family from ruin, Ms. Quinnell, I can pull together one million dollars on my end. I know it’s not a lot, but that project of yours is 
costly. Why not stop now? There’s still a way out!” 
###chapter1429
Chapter 1429 Fabian and Reuben Making Up
"I can't do that." Wynter glanced at Dalton beside her. Her expression was calm as she continued, "Mr. Blaise, I have my own reasons for certain decisions. You should focus on running the factory. If anything happens, the Whitman family will back you."
Orson didn't quite understand what the younger generation was thinking. But since she said so, he didn't interfere further.
With a long sigh, he hung up the phone. Later, through Reuben, he transferred over five million dollars to Wynter.
This time, Wynter didn't refuse Orson's generosity. She texted Orson, "Mr. Blaise, I've accepted the money. I will consider it your investment."
Orson wasn't really intending to invest. He simply wanted to lend her a hand in case Wynter was betrayed by her family. After all, he knew better than anyone how his factory had survived.
Meanwhile, the news about the land dispute was spreading like wildfire.
The Quaint Villa remained unchanged other than the fact that everything was now managed by trusted employees.
Marie was brewing tea. Her movements radiated her serene yet classy beauty.
Reuben sat opposite her as he held a business book. "Are you not worried about what Wynter is doing?" he asked his daughter.
Marie gently poured out the water used for rinsing the tea as she chuckled. "Dad, I'm no longer young.
"Also, you would've already stepped in if something really happened to Wynter. The fact that you haven't means you're at least confident that she can handle it."
Marie's eyes shone with pride as she continued, "Besides, there's nothing Wynter can't achieve. That child was born for the business world, and everything she does has a purpose. It's just that others haven't figured out yet."
Reuben burst into hearty laughter. "What a sharp observation. It's just the both of us today, so I'll admit it. Even though I have faith in Wynter, I don't entirely know what that girl's ultimate goal is, either."
"Is that why you gave the Quinnell family a call?" Marie chuckled lightly as she poured the tea into teacups.
Reuben suddenly felt awkward as he cleared his throat. "I just wanted to learn more about my granddaughter. After all these years, Mr. Quinnell Senior seems to know everything."
"Have you two made up?" Marie asked tentatively.
Reuben shook his head as he stroked his beard. "That old-timer only knows how to make money. He's impossible to talk to."
"You used to say that all the time. But you still liked consulting Mr. Fabian whenever something came up, "Marie said as she blew the tea she was holding. "That's nice."
Reuben refused to admit that. "What's so nice about this? He's already that old but still comes to me and pulls childish tricks. He told me to just wait and that I'll see in time, so there's no need to rush.
"Then he brags about how much profit Wynter brought to the Quinnell family while she was with them, saying none of those old crooks dare to make a move now.
"And when I asked for a photo of her at work, he wouldn't even send one! Does that sound like he's trying to make amends with me?"
People would become different from their usual self when they met their good friends.
Reuben, who was always a well-read man with refined manners and maintained an air of scholarly grace, now seemed to be venting like he did in his younger days.
Marie couldn't help but feel a bit of joy. She blinked as she tried to suppress her emotions, though her voice still carried a slight rasp.
"Dad, I haven't seen you like this in a long time. Back then, you and Mr. Fabian... it was all because of me, and because of Mom..."
Reuben froze for a moment upon hearing this, then immediately responded, "It has nothing to do with you. It was all because the Quinnell family didn't raise their son properly. Fabian admitted as much himself and had apologized to me multiple times for that.
"As for Shane, that scoundrel is behind bars now. If he weren't, I'd risk my old life to go settle things with the Quinnell family myself!"
###chapter1430
Chapter 1430 All Set Up by Wynter
After learning the full story from Wynter, Reuben had come to understand one thing despite some unanswered questions-Marie had never been in the wrong in her marriage.
"From now on, do whatever you want. The divorce is behind you, and it's time to move forward." Reuben had always been a supportive elder. No matter how old Marie was, she was still his little girl in his eyes. "As for Fabian, I'll make sure he finds a proper way to make amends."
The Whitman and Quinnell families had always been bound by their shared hardships during tumultuous times.
In his younger days, Reuben often disapproved of Fabian's business methods. Yet, the two of them were soulmates when it came to matters of principle.
Whenever Reuben had a dilemma, he'd call up Fabian and argue it out, knowing that things would be clearer by the next day.
But ever since the two families severed ties, Reuben had not encountered another friend with whom he shared such a deep, like-minded connection.
Upon returning this time and seeing her father, Marie felt not only deep regret but also a profound sense of guilt.
Isabella had passed, and Reuben had drifted from his closest friend and eventually became estranged. It was a double blow that weighed heavily on Reuben.
As people grew older, they yearned for those who shared in their triumphs and challenges. They would crave to talk to someone who would understand.
Marie was more overjoyed than anyone that Reuben had reconciled with Fabian.
Soon, a thought crossed her mind. "Dad, would you still have called Mr. Fabian if Wynter weren't in this situation?"
"Why would I call him for no reason? To piss myself off?" He suddenly paused as he spoke and looked over at Marie.
Marie nodded her head and her smile widened. "That child probably did it on purpose."
"That Wynter!" Reuben shook his head. A laugh he couldn't hold back bubbled in his throat. "She's the sharpest of them all. She roped both me and Fabian into this!"
Marie poured another cup of tea and pushed it over to Reuben. She was still laughing as she continued, " Well, she knew you'd worry about her and do anything for her. They say grandparents are always more affectionate. I saw it for myself today."
"Look at her! She's no different from when she was a child!" Reuben grumbled, though his eyes were full of genuine affection. "I should've kept her in Hawford back then and raised her myself."
Marie just smiled without saying a word. Both families had fought over who would take care of Wynter when she was born. They even had a childish argument about it. Now, thinking back, it was all just joyful memories.
"She wasn't alone in investing in the stock market." Reuben shifted the conversation. "Albert is following her into it as well."
Though Reuben didn't know Wynter that well, his eldest grandson was a different story.
Among the younger generation, Albert was known to be calm, outstanding, and level-headed. On top of that, finance was his strong suit. His predictions on stocks and funds were professional.
Reuben found it unlikely that Albert was playing along with Wynter's antics.
"Those two are definitely setting something up." Reuben chuckled. "Just wait and see. I'm curious what kind of surprise my grandson and granddaughter are planning together."
The outside world could never guess Reuben's stand in all this. After all, he always claimed he was recovering from an illness no matter who came to visit.
And it was true. Everyone knew Reuben's health wasn't great. There were even whispers suggesting that it was clear he couldn't manage without Evan.
The only clear stance was that Cyrus had withdrawn from the land investment deal. Instantly, all sorts of speculations began to surface.
###chapter1431
Chapter 1431 True Allies
"Even the Whitmans' eldest grandson withdrew. It's obvious that the Whitmans know this project is a money pit."
"Even though it's not proper for them to pull out like this given that they're family, who wants to lose money?"
"Exactly. We should stay sharp and keep our distance from the Quinnell family. We should steer clear with whatever they're up to."
"Who can afford to get involved? I'm afraid she might come after me and tell me to invest."
It was only when one was at rock bottom that one could truly see who their true allies were. Those who were indecisive or had ulterior motives were now clearly avoiding Wynter.
Even though she hadn't paid them any attention and merely crossed paths with them at the Chamber of Commerce, they acted as if they had seen something dirty. They would pretend to be busy and disperse quickly.
This was when people's true nature became most apparent.
Some people had modest profits and were simply using the recent trend in domestic products to stabilize their cash flow.
These individuals were the ones who genuinely tried to offer advice to Wynter when they encountered her. Such people were genuinely well-meaning.
However, the overwhelming majority were merely interested in observing the spectacle.
Wynter arrived at the Chamber of Commerce to submit some documents.
Her car was parked outside, and sitting inside was none other than Dalton. He was more perceptive of the reactions around Wynter than anyone else. His eyes grew darker and colder, as if a layer of frost was about to form.
Finally, he picked up his phone and dialed a number. His voice was low as he spoke, "Transfer another 500 million to Mrs. Yarwood's account."
Wynter, who was outside the car, couldn't hear this phone call.
The saying that fate had a way of bringing enemies together was illustrated perfectly by this scene.
Just then, Kenton arrived with a group of people. He was also here to submit documents. After all, they were involved in a project with the Chamber of Commerce.
"Oh, look who it is. It's Wynter and her flashy car." Kenton continued with a tone that was anything but pleasant, "I heard you recently acquired a piece of worthless land and might end up losing money.
"Don't worry. The Whitmans might not help you, but you'll always have me. If you meet any difficulties, you can always talk to me about it."
As soon as he was done with his sentence, the men behind him started laughing. It was clear that they were mocking Wynter.
Wynter glanced over, her eyes slowly moving across the people's faces. "I didn't realize you were so concerned about me, Mr. Wray. I'm still figuring out whether the land I bought will be profitable or not, but you seem to have already figured it out."
Kenton waved his hand, which was holding a cigar, dismissively. "Wynter, you're still young and
inexperienced in real estate. It's obvious whether some land will be profitable or not.
"As your elder, and given the good relations between the Wray and Whitman families, I'm just looking out for you to help you avoid any pitfalls."
Wynter chuckled at his words and casually played with a small knife before lifting her gaze slightly.
"Thank you for your concern, Mr. Wray. I heard you also bought a piece of land. I wish you success. But if it turns out to be a bad investment, it might end up being quite a joke."
"You!" Someone wanted to argue but was quickly stopped by Kenton.
Wynter didn't bother looking back. She walked toward her Lamborghini right after speaking.
The Chamber of Commerce's members were displeased with Wynter's attitude. "Mr. Wray, are you really going to allow that girl to walk all over you? I'd have dealt with her a long time ago if it were me!"
Kenton regained his composure and replied, "She's not only from the Quinnell family but also the fiancée of the Yarwood family's scion. The Whitman family might have given up on her, but the Yarwood family might not just stand by.
"We can occasionally give her a hard time, but we need to be careful with how we do it. It's not like she will be able to act so arrogantly for much longer anyway. Just wait and see,"
By Monday, whether it was her or Albert, they'd be left with nothing but regret and a need to kneel and beg!
###chapter1432
Chapter 1432 Doomed Beyond Redemption
Wynter received a call from Fabian before she even got back into the car.
"Wynter, Reuben reached out to me for a chat!" The laughter on the other end was so hearty that it was infectious. "He was worried about you and asked me a bunch of questions.
"I might not know the details of what you and your brother are up to, but I believe there's nothing that can't be overcome," Fabian spoke with great confidence. "Do what you want to do."
Wynter looked inside the car and smiled widely. "Alright."
She indeed felt different from before. Back then, she did business purely for the money. No one would unconditionally support her from behind at the time.
Now, it was different. Wynter wanted to help the older generation achieve their sentiments, vision, and their grand ambitions, just as Gordon did. Cascadia's economic lifeline should always be in its own people's hands.
Wynter was convinced that Cascadians should avoid stagnation. They were open to working with others but must remain resolute in their identity. They possessed their own strengths and integrity and were not inferior to foreign products.
As for the Wray family's faction, they had been nothing but foreign goods' lapdogs ever since they started spreading rumors and denigrating domestic goods. Wynter had nothing more to say about them.
Many in the Chamber of Commerce were now aligned with them, with some even pretending to be on the Whitman family's side. She needed to seek them out one by one.
She knew this wouldn't be a smooth sail. Just like now, it was only when she faced a "dead end" that she was able to expose others' true nature.
Others might not notice Wynter's intentions. However, someone as perceptive as Dalton already compiled a detailed list for her.
"These are the people who usually step up to support the Whitman family. Some of them are close to your uncle."
The information was thorough. Dalton even sent it to her in a document.
Wynter hadn't imagined that he would do these for her. She raised an eyebrow and wondered if it was normal to have a fiancé who knew herself better than she did.
She was grateful that they weren't on opposing sides. Otherwise, winning would have been quite a challenge.
This reminded Wynter of the old laptop she had discarded. She thought inwardly that being too smart could be troublesome as well.
What she had forgotten was that they had always been on opposing sides back then. Perhaps it was only in their current lives that they were engaged.
Meanwhile, the decision to withdraw his investment had enraged Cyrus.
"I'm not pulling out! Who are you to make decisions for me? The land was chosen by Wynter and me together! She even brought me along to help revive Mr. Blaise's factory! I can't pull out now! This is no different from stabbing her in the back!"
Cyrus had never lost his temper with Ophelia like this. Some of the toys he used to love were smashed to pieces.
"Cyrus, listen to me. You're still young and don't understand the complexities involved. That land Wynter took on is nothing but a bottomless pit. Why are you backing her up so foolishly?" Ophelia asked.
Cyrus' eyes widened at Ophelia's words. Even though he had anticipated this thanks to Wynter, he still felt torn hearing it from his mother's mouth.
"Mom, she's my cousin! We are family! And if it weren't for her coming to my store, I would have already -"He cut himself off abruptly. He remembered Wynter telling him to not reveal the custom issues to anyone, including Ophelia.
"What happened to your store?" Tamia, who was standing at the side, was visibly concerned when Cyrus mentioned his store.
Cyrus couldn't help but instinctively become guarded facing his grandmother now.
He pretended to be in agony and clutched his head. "Did Dad agree with the decision to withdraw the investment?"
###chapter1433
Chapter 1433 Humans Are Selfish Beings 
Tamia removed Cyrus hand. “What’s going on with you? Do you think we could make decisions for the Whitman family if your father didn’t agree? I know you Have a kind heart, but business is far more complicated than you realize. 
“You’re actually giving your cousin a wake–up call by pulling out the investment. A young girl like her should be focusing on her studies, not playing grownup by buying land and trading stocks. It’s a bottomless pit. How much wealth do you think it would take to fill It? 
“Cyrus, my dear grandson, listen to me. Don’t follow your cousin in this reckless venture. Are you really willing to let a moment of loyalty cause your mom, dad, and I so much worry?” 
Guilt–tripping family members seemed to come naturally to Tamia. 
also urging him 
Cyrus went still as soon as Tamia finished speaking. He looked over at Ophella, who was also to stop. For the first time in his life, he felt as though he was truly seeing his family members for who they 
were 
All these years, they had taught him to always put family first, to remember the ties of kinship, and not to be like Reuben. 
They told him Reuben was too rigid and 
unyielding. He didn’t mind embarrassing others, and this led to his isolation in old age. 
But now, they were telling him not to act on impulse. This had nothing to do with loyalty or bonds. It was simply about protecting their interests, and they wanted him to be the one to betray Wynter. 
Cyrus didn’t fully believe Wynter when she predicted their reaction. He could never have imagined that the grandmother and mother he revered so much would act this way. 
Suddenly, it dawned on him that the grandfather he had always thought was too cold–hearted might have been the only one who truly cared about family. 
Cyrus remembered the times before he was sent abroad. Reuben would always ask him, “Do you really want to study abroad?” 
Cyrus had been fearful of him back then. He would always hesitate and say nothing in the end. 
Reuben had looked at him and took a deep breath. “You can go abroad, but not now. Wait until you’ve finished high school, with good grades, and been accepted into a prestigious university. 
“And definitely not when you can’t even master the basics or haven’t tried to work hard. I don’t agree with you being sent abroad this young.” 
At that time, Cyrus was barely a teenager. He had thought that Reuben was just an old–fashioned man trying to control his life and 
cause an uproar at home. 
In the end, Reuben sat in his chair. It wasn’t as if he had relented but rather as if he had given up. “Go if you want. Everyone has their own path.” 
Back then, Cyrus hadn’t understood what Reuben meant by “everyone has their own path“. Now, he did. His grandfather had been deeply disappointed in him, and rightfully so. 
Only by following Wynter had he realized how useless he had been. He was basically a hollow shell. 
His so–called friends were nothing more than pawns placed by the Wray family to sabotage him and the Whitman family. The Whitmans‘ decline wasn’t due to external factors but was because their eldest grandson, the supposed heir, had failed them! 
Chapter 1433 Humans Are Selfish Beings 
Cyrus clenched his fists and gritted his teeth. It was one thing for his mom and grandma to urge him to pull out of the investment, but why had Noah agreed, too? 
Cyrus narrowed his eyes and thought to himself that he had to find a way to inform Wynter about this. How could an uncle betray his own niece? He believed that his father deserved a beating by Reuben! 
Having made up his mind, Cyrus suddenly stopped resisting. Whatever Tamia said from that point on, he just nodded along and no longer protested: 
Tamia didn’t suspect a thing. “Eat something, alright? It pains me to see you like this.” 
Cyrus responded with a simple hum, as if he was upset 
Ophelia watched him with concern. She couldn’t help but feel that there was something different about Cyrus. 
Tamia reassured her, “Don’t overthink it. Keep an eye on Noah’s actions instead. If he softens and helps the Quinnell family again, it will be your own money on the line.” 
###chapter1434
C434 Third Wheeling 
“But Cyrus…” Ophelia couldn’t help but glance back worriedly. 
Tamia waved it off. ‘He’s been around that Quinnell girl too much lately. They are blood relatives, after all. It’s normal for him to be affected and doesn’t want to hurt her. Give him a few days, and he’ll come 
around. 
“Just make sure he spends more time with the Montclair family in the future. That’s how we stay close.” 
“Don’t worry, Mom. I understand. Though Ophelia was Indecisive by nature, she had always sided with her family when it came to moments like these. 
Tamla gave her a sidelong glance. “Don’t restrict him too much. Let him do whatever he wants for now. Just make sure he stays home until Monday.” 
“Monday?” Ophelia was puzzled. 
Tamia’s smile was cryptic. “The conference will be over by then. You’ll understand what I mean soon enough.” 
Ophelia’s eyes brightened as realization dawned on her. “Mom, are you saying there’s going 
change regarding that land?” 
be a policy 
“Shh. Nothing’s set in stone yet, so be quiet about it.” Tamia chuckled. “Just wait for your money to double.” 
Ophelia’s face lit up with excitement. After all, who wouldn’t love money? Especially as a wealthy housewife, she longed for a financial source of her own. 
Tamia’s judgment had never been wrong, and the Montclairs had invested a significant amount themselves. That meant the policy change was real! 
Feeling much better, Ophelia no longer concerned herself with Cyrus, who was upstairs. If he was hungry or thirsty, the maids could prepare everything and bring it up. 
After all, he had always acted like this when he was upset. He’d lock himself in his room and bury himself in video games. 
Clearly, Ophelia had underestimated the integrity that ran through the Whitman family’s bloodline. 
Cyrus spent the entire day plotting his escape. He eyed the window in the gaming room and noted that it wasn’t too high. 
The benefits of all those workouts were about to pay off. With a well–timed jump, he landed by the back door
, where there were no surveillance cameras. 
When Cyrus found Wynter, she had her headphones on and was deeply engrossed in analyzing the stock market with Dalton. With over 30 billion invested, they needed to monitor three accounts simultaneously. Every second was critical. 
They were reviewing some highly professional forecasts sent by Albert and needed to work closely together. The office was stocked with plenty of chocolate, snacks, and opened bottles of whiskey. 
Dalton was thoroughly enjoying this collaborative work environment. It was a new experience for him since he was used to working alone. 
He was snacking as he glanced over at Cyrus. This unexpected visitor had interrupted their rare collaboration. Dalton found it hard to maintain his previous friendly demeanor and instead kept his expression poised, exuding an air of aloof elegance. 
Chapter 1434 Third Wheeling 
Cyrus recounted the whole ordeal while gargling down the drink from a glass. “My dad is such a traitor! He always claimed to love his niece the most! I think he’s just like me–completely unreliable! 
“Wynter, you should get Grandpa to kick him out of the Whitman family. He can go live with the Montclair family as their son–in–law instead!” 
Dalton glanced over with a slightly cold expression, noting that the whiskey he had prepared was completely gone now. 
“Don’t bother with an alcoholic,” Wynter said quickly. After all, she knew the whiskey was a rare one. Cyrus hiccuped before continuing. “What do you mean alcoholic? Who’s an alcoholic? 
“Wynter, you have no idea how I escaped. I jumped off the balcony and was so damn cool! I live up to your expectations and being your cousin!” 
He rummaged through his pocket as he spoke before pulling out a card. “This is what I saved up during my time abroad. It’s not much, but there’s five or six million here. It’s all yours!” 
###chapter1435
Chapter 1435 My Cousin 
“They told me to withdraw my investment, but I refuse!” Cyrus slumped on the couch. He was already a little tipsy as he leaned back, as if reminiscing about the past. 
“I have a cousin now. Her name is Wynter, and she wears a tiger–head hat. It’s all Tobias‘ fault. He wouldn’t let me touch her, saying she’s from his family, he mumbled. 
Wynter stood at the side as she listened to him. The hand that was reaching out to wake him paused. before she took his card instead. 
She smiled slightly and said in a soft voice, almost like a promise, “Then I’ll invest on your behalf. 
“After Monday, no one will see you as a useless pawn from the Montclair family. You are Cyrus Whitman, the Whitman family’s eldest grandson.” 
The only response Wynter got from him was his snores as he drifted off to sleep. 
The night was vibrant with countless lights outside the window. 
Monday arrived in the blink of an eye. The trading platform was bustling with activity as everyone waited eagerly for the market to open. 
Kenton was feeling particularly upbeat as he had anticipated a significant drop in the gold market. He was confident that his plans were solid. He didn’t even go to the office and instead enjoyed a leisurely breakfast at home. 
After all, he and the foreign companies had already spread news a week prior about a major decline in the gold market. According to their plans, the gold market was set to plummet with everyone echoing this prediction. 
His scheme had two ives. The first was to set a trap for Albert, and the second was to profit from Cascadian funds. The ultimate goal was to exploit the gold market and reap gains from retail investors, Kenton had nothing to worry about now given that the results were looking promising. All he had to do was wait for good news! 
0 23 = a 
In addition, the land development requisition policy was set to be announced in the afternoon. He planned to attend the meeting personally. After all, it was a benefit given by the higher–ups. 
Kenton’s smile widened the more he thought about it. 
Seeing this, the company staff whispered among themselves. 
“Mr. Wray looks happy today.” 
“Who wouldn’t be? We’ve secured a prime piece of land” 
“Really?” 
“Absolutely. Just wait for the bonuses that we’re going to get.” 
After all, everyone’s livelihood depended on Kenton. They would benefit if the company thrived. 
But whether the bonus would be distributed to everyone was another matter. The company’s environment wasn’t great, especially for women. 
Soon, the Chamber of Commerce’s members arrived at the company. 
“Stella, you haven’t been around lately. But you’re looking more beautiful every time I see you!” One of the 
Chapter 1435 My Cousin 
Chamber of Commerce members looked at Stella Ellsworth. The way he looked at her was as if he had just discovered a rare plaything. 
Upon hearing her name, Stella turned slightly and glanced at him. 
“Mr. Lark, please don’t tease me. How could someone like me catch your eyes?” She then returned to her work right after speaking. She couldn’t hide the hint of disgust appearing in her eyes. 
“Let’s go. 
Emmett. We’re going to Mr. Wray’s office to have a chat,” another member spoke up. 
Footsteps were heard approaching the office door. The Chamber of Commerce members knocked before entering and greeting Kenton. 
Today was the day of the market opening. Hence, Kenton wasn’t the only one watching closely. Many of the Chamber members had also invested and were eager to make a big profit alongside him. 
Kenton sat in his executive chair as he pulled out two boxes of cigars and a pair of cutters from his drawer. 
“Take one each. Don’t faint from excitement later. If you do, don’t tell anyone you’re working with me!” Kenton’s joke only reinforced the Chamber members confidence that the stocks they had bought would rise. They also anticipated a severe drop in the gold prices that Albert had invested in. 
“After today, the Quinnells‘ grandson will never recover!” 
Someone expressed with intensity, “Mr. Wray is indeed impressive. The Quinnells are nothing but annoying pests!” 
“Alright, let’s leave this behind once and for all once we’re done with it. Think about the plans for the Bureau of Land Management later this afternoon…” 
###chapter1436
Chapter 1436 Mission Failed 
“Emmett and I came early today because we wanted to join you in seeing the market firsthand!” 
“Don’t worry. Of course, we’re all in it together when it comes to making money.” Kenton laughed heartily. 
This group of people in the office had already started planning how they would celebrate with champagne that evening. 
However, what they didn’t know was that at 8:30 am, a peculiar phenomenon unfolded across the larger shopping malls. 
Long queues had already formed outside even before the doors opened. At the renowned Infinity Mall’s entrance, people were either carrying a suitcase or had credit cards in their pockets. This created a bustling scene. 
Half an hour later, when the mall security finally arrived to open the doors, the crowd of eager shoppers was practically bursting with anticipation. 
The security guards were puzzled by the commotion. After all, this was even more chaotic than the weekends. They had no idea what was going on. 
The shoppers, primarily elderly women, rushed straight into the jewelry store with determination. 
The store manager, who had just finished the morning meeting with the sales staff, informed them that the gold price for the day was set at 235 dollars per ounce. 
In an instant, the women surged into the store. The sales staff sprang into action, quickly moving to assist the influx of customers. 
Seeing the scale of the rush, the store manager immediately arranged for the inventory to be prepared and joined the sales team to help out. 
The elderly women noticed the displayed price of 235 dollars per ounce for gold and began to make their selections with a sense of urgency. 
They shared a common thought–with gold prices dropping, it was an opportunity not to be missed. Gold, being a tangible and valuable asset, was seen as a safe investment. 
One of them immediately started purchasing. “I’ll take this ring, this necklace, and this bracelet. I want five each. Also, give me five two–ounce gold bars.” 
The sales staff quickly complied and packed up the items since the elderly woman didn’t seem bothered to try them on before buying. 
“Hello, the total is 150 thousand dollars. Will you be paying in cash or by card?” 
The woman promptly pulled out a credit card and paid without hesitation. She grabbed her packed gold jewelry and hurriedly left the store. 
The gold store was buzzing with activity, almost like a festive market. 
“Miss, I want 20 two–ounce gold bars!” 
“Get ten of these necklaces and bracelets for me, miss!” 
“Give me ten two–ounce gold bars, too!” 
“Miss, I want ten of these rings.” 
The elderly women’s voices filled the air from all directions. The rest of the stores in the mall, except for 
Chapter 1:436 Mission Failed. 
the gold store, were practically deserted. The other store owners were puzzled by the sudden shift in 
customer interest. 
“Caden, look. Isn’t that Ms. Aria? Why is she in the gold store buying gold? She is carrying a lot of bags.” 
Caden Solis looked over and noticed Aria–Lune walking out with bags of gold. He walked over with Noel Nyx to greet her. 
“Ms. Lune, why did you buy so much gold? Are you preparing for your son’s wedding?” 
Hearing her name, Aria turned around. 
“Ah, it’s the both of you. This isn’t for my son’s wedding.” Aria proceeded to lean closer and whispered to 
all this them, “The gold prices dropped today. That’s why my friends and I took this opportunity to buy gold with our savings! 
“You guys are still young, so you probably don’t know about this, but gold is always a good investment! Money can drop in value, but not gold! 
“You guys should take this chance to buy some, too! Otherwise, they will be sold out soon! I will go back first. You guys do as you see fit.” 
Aria carried her bags and headed toward the mall’s exit after speaking. 
Caden and Noel were equally confused. They remembered clearly that there was recent news saying that gold prices would hit rock bottom. 
They didn’t understand why these elderly women were even more eager to buy gold as if they didn’t care about the news. What was going on? 
###chapter1437
Chapter 1437 The Unpredictable Prices 
At the commercial building’s top floor, Kenton had specifically instructed Adrien to keep an eye on the time. As soon as the stock market opened, he wanted to be notified immediately in his office. 
At 9:30 am sharp, at Hawford’s trading platform, investors were bustling and anxiously waiting for the market to open. One didn’t even need to pay much attention to it since people would shout as soon as it opened. 
“It’s open! The market’s open!” 
Bethany, who had followed Wynter’s stock tips, hurried to check on the performance of her gold investment. 
“It’s up! My stocks are going up!” someone exclaimed. 
Bethany hurriedly glanced over at her friend. “What went up? Is the gold rising?” 
“Gold? No, it isn’t,” her friend replied. 
A cold sweat immediately broke out on Bethany’s forehead. For her, this was a high–stakes gamble. Just last Thursday, she had caught wind of a rumor that gold 
prices would fall, and she had been tempted to sell off her holdings. 
However, seeing Dalton and Wynter pouring cash into gold investments gave her second thoughts. She had convinced herself that perhaps gold wouldn’t drop but might rise instead. 
After all, the prices of gold in the malls were climbing. So, why wasn’t gold in the stock market following 
suit? 
Bethany was starting to get worried. After some consideration, she decided to call Wynter, who she had met a few days ago. “Wynter, the gold stocks haven’t risen yet.” 
Wynter said with a hint of laughter, “Ms. Sackett, you just need a little more patience. It’s only the morning. Things will change by the afternoon. 
“Besides, I’m sure you’ve noticed how crazy people are for gold at the mall right now. I’m assuming you brought your relatives and friends to buy gold accessories with you, too.” 
Bethany felt that her thoughts had been exposed by Wynter and felt a little embarrassed. “I just wanted to help my family make some money. I didn’t expect word about this to get out.” 
“You’ve misunderstood me, Ms. Sackett. I’m not blaming you at all,” Wynter reassured her as she sat in the car and glanced at the large outdoor screen nearby. It was the largest advertisement board in Hawford and was currently promoting gold. 
“Someone’s been dumping gold at low prices to disrupt the market and mess with the stock prices. They are planning to gain profit from it, but we’ll make sure they gain nothing from this. I trust in your buying powers, Wynter continued. 
Bethany didn’t quite grasp what Wynter was saying. She covered her phone and whispered, “Will my stock go up?” 
“It will. Just wait until the afternoon,” Wynter replied calmly. 
As she spoke, she glanced sideways into the rearview mirror, where Dalton sat. He was well–dressed and had a pristine white laptop resting on his lap. 
The screen displayed a neatly organized stock analysis chart. With a soft tap of the enter key, another billion dollars was moved into the stock holdings. 
Chapter 1437 The Unpredictable Prices 
22 
Wynter couldn’t stop him even if she tried. 
Dalton was ruthless when it came to earning money. He showed no emotions, as if this was all merely entertainment to him. Not to mention, he still leisurely had a cup of coffee in his right hand. 
Wynter couldn’t help but shake her head with a click of her tongue. The Wray family was indeed in a dire situation. They hadn’t even realized that the Yarwood family already had eyes on them. 
Dalton looked up, adjusted his golden–rimmed glasses, and asked nonchalantly, “What’s up?” 
“Nothing. Feel free to continue,” Wynter said as she typed on her phone. She was reminding Albert to place additional bets. 
At times like this, she couldn’t allow Dalton to be the only one making money. She needed to profit from this, too. She felt a strange surge of competitiveness when it came to him. 
Meanwhile, Adrien rushed into the conference room holding a phone with a troubled expression. Kenton was in a video call with an overseas company along with several other Chamber of Commerce members. “Mr. Wray, our collaboration has been very pleasant. We’re just waiting for you to successfully acquire it at a low price!” The voice was from a foreigner, speaking broken Cascadian from the other end of the call. Kenton clinked glasses with him through the video. 
At that moment, an urgent knock was heard at the door 
###chapter1438
Chapter 1438 Yvette Is Confident 
Adrien pushed open the door with a grim expression. Kenton furrowed his brows and instinctively hung up the phone before looking at him. 
Adrien glanced around at the familiar faces before letting down his guard. “Mr. Wray, there’s a problem. The price of gold… it hasn’t dropped.” 
“It hasn’t dropped? How is that possible?” One of the Chamber of Commerce members couldn’t help but speak before Kenton. 
Adrien wiped his sweat. “It really hasn’t dropped.” 
The men in the room stared at him like they were ready to pounce. “But Ms. Yates said the gold market would hit rock bottom for some time! 
“Not to mention, we’ve partnered with overseas capital to manipulate the market. How could the price of gold not drop?” 
“Calm down, Emmett.” Kenton was caught off guard himself. 
His appetite for champagne disappeared almost in an instant, but he still had to get more information.” Are you saying that it hasn’t risen or fallen? What about the other three stocks?” 
Adrien opened his mouth and spoke in a hushed tone. They hadn’t changed either and are still at Friday’s closing price.” 
“Well, that’s not unusual,” one of them, who was always eager to flatter Kenton, chimed in. “Mr. Wray, it’s not like Ms. Yates gave us an exact date for the drop. She just said it would happen this week. 
“The market only opens on Monday morning. We should wait until the evening to see the change.” 
“Yes, that’s true. You have a point. I wonder why I haven’t thought about this,” another one chimed in. 
The group of people burst into laughter again. “Looks like I’m getting forgetful. I forgot about details like this. Ms. Yates‘ predictions are never wrong. And with Mr. Wray leading us, there’s no way anything could go wrong!” 
“I understand that you guys are anxious, Kenton said magnanimously. “No worries. I’ll have my secretary keep an eye on things. For now, let’s head over to that plot of land I acquired and wait for the policy to 
rain down on us.” 
“Let’s go! We’re in for a windfall.” 
As always, there were those eager to agree with everything Kenton said. However, some couldn’t help but express their regret, “What a shame. I was really looking forward to seeing that piece of shit lose everything. 
“You guys have no idea how arrogant Albert is in person. I’m older than him, but he had the guts to ignore me when I invited him for dinner.” 
“Tch. Those two youngsters are worse than their father, Let’s just listen to Mr. Wray and wait till this evening.” 
Kenton listened to the murmurs around him and narrowed his eyes slightly. The first thing he did once he got into the car was call Yvette. There was no need for pretense inside the car since it was just him and the driver. 
“Ms. Yates, do I need to beg you? It took you long enough to pick up the phone. It’s almost like you’re done trying to make a living in Hawford,” Kenton chided. 
Confident 
At this point, Yvette was entirely dependent on Kenton. Her reputation as a fortune teller was backed by the Wray family. 
Without their support, her past actions would come to light and cause her credibility to crumble. Kenton had all the dirt on her, so she didn’t dare to challenge him. 
Yvette quickly responded, “Mr. Wray, I was focused on watching the stock market and didn’t notice the phone ringing. Ms. Thesara can vouch for me.” 
Thesara Krim was sent by Kenton to take care of Yvette. However, she was more of a watchdog than a caretaker. 
“Mr. Wray, Ms. Yates was indeed tracking the stock market before your call,” Thesara replied. 
Hearing this, Kenton’s voice turned colder. “So, what do you remember now that you’ve seen it? Is what you told me earlier going to hold true? 
He had to double confirm as he couldn’t afford any mistakes now. After all, he was so close to locking the Quinnell family like birds in a cage. 
“It’s absolutely accurate!” Yvette exclaimed as she scrolled through the newsfeed which was aligned with her memories. “Just as I predicted, the market didn’t budge this morning, but the winds will change by this afternoon. It’ll be too late by the time others try to get in.” 
###chapter1439
Chapter 1439 Blind to the Commoners' Life
"The higher-up's conference will conclude by this morning. The land requisition will be announced afterward," Yvette hastily added, fearing that Kenton might deem her no longer valuable.
Kenton, a businessman driven entirely by personal gain, immediately shifted his tone upon hearing her update. "I was too impatient earlier. Ms. Yates, please don't take it to heart.
"Ms. Krim, make sure to prepare more nourishing soups for her. A good mood might just help her remember even more useful things."
Yvette was not foolish at all. She understood how valuable her information from the future was, so she seized the opportunity. "I've had enough soup. I'd like to go out for a walk to take in the scenery. It will help clear my head."
Kenton had already looked into Yvette's background. He knew she was inherently vain and had a penchant for shopping. After all, coming from a background of human traffickers, she needed some pictures to embellish her social media presence.
He didn't reject her request as he was planning on maintaining a long-term partnership with her. She was his golden goose in future business ventures, after all.
"Go ahead. Whatever catches your eye, just bill it to the Wray Group," Kenton replied.
Yvette's smile grew even brighter with Kenton's approval. Though she had made quite a profit from stocks in recent days, who wouldn't prefer to shop on someone else's dime?
Now, whether she visited upscale clubs or attended socialite gatherings, everyone had to address her with respect.
After all, the amount of fortune some of the Chamber of Commerce members could earn was reliant on her. Even the wealthy ladies' husbands had to flatter her, not to mention people of lower classes, including Thesara.
Yvette sneered at her, "Did you hear what Mr. Wray said? From now on, do whatever I tell you."
Thesara lowered her gaze with her fists clenched. "Yes, Ms. Yates."
Yvette felt absolutely elated. She noted the amount of people who had already bought the stocks she had recommended.
It made no sense for her not to do the same. Hence, she had her trader increase her investment by another three million.
At this moment, both Yvette and Kenton were eagerly anticipating a windfall. But what these capitalists failed to understand was how the ordinary person lived, nor did they care.
As a result, they hadn't noticed that some things had already quietly begun to change.
As the morning wore on, the staff at the gold shop barely had a moment to catch their breath. Even the store manager had to step in to help with the overwhelming demand, but it still wasn't enough.
Amid the chaos, a couple arrived. They were carefully selecting their wedding jewelry. After all, they had to meticulously pick out the perfect jewelry for the wedding.
Just as they finished their selections and asked the staff for the price, the store manager made an announcement with a megaphone.
"Attention, everyone! Please hold on for a moment. The gold price has changed. Please wait a moment if you haven't made your transaction yet."
All eyes turned toward the large screen. The displayed gold price had just shifted from 235 dollars per ounce to 295 dollars per ounce.
The elderly women still waiting in line outside were even more thrilled. To them, the rising price was a clear signal that it would only go higher!
"Can you hurry up? We're all still waiting out here! Time is money, young people!" one of the elderly women shouted impatiently from outside.
The newlywed couple glanced at each other after hearing about the sudden price jump. They realized something was off. The gold prices were about to skyrocket!
Without wasting another second, the bride quickly added two large, chunky gold necklaces with pendants to her selection.
"Add these, too. Can you calculate the total for us?" she asked.
The staff took out the calculator and calculated the total, taking the weight, quantity, and the newly updated price into account.
"Your total comes to 50 thousand dollars."
"We'll pay by card," the bride said without hesitation.
###chapter1440
Chapter 1440 Their Plans Have Succeeded
The groom was a little dazed but didn't stop the bride. After they paid and left the gold shop, the bride spoke up first.
"Honey, it would've been perfect if we had just been a little earlier. The price of gold jumped by 60 dollars per ounce in such a short time, but that's a good thing.
"I hope you don't blame me for getting extra. I'll cover the cost of those two necklaces from my own bank account. I just think that the price is going to keep rising!"
The groom gently ruffled the bride's hair. "It's alright, darling. Feel free to make these decisions once we're married. You don't have to use your own money since I still have plenty for you."
A man like this groom surely deserved a blissful marriage. After all, not many men respect their wives this much.
As the couple left, many of the jewelry pieces and gold bars were completely sold out. Shoppers passing by the gold store couldn't help but look on in surprise at the scene.
A group of around ten elderly women quickly approached the store manager after noticing there weren't many items left in stock.
"You're the manager, right? We'll be back tomorrow. There are just too many people today. Make sure you save some stock for us, okay? You have to save some!"
With that, they hurried off to other malls in search of any leftover gold they could still snag.
At the same time, over at the Bureau of Land Management, Kenton arrived early with a group of associates. They were eagerly waiting for the government policy memorandum.
Kenton was far from subtle about his excitement. He was practically wearing his insider knowledge on his sleeve.
Alejandro was mindful of his appearance, too. He knew it would be inappropriate to meet Kenton in person. Hence, he discreetly sent a message advising him to be patient.
As per the procedure, Kenton's group would immediately be informed and gather for a private meeting once the higher-ups finished the meeting.
Sure enough, at 10:30 am, an urgent meeting was called. They were told to bring only a pen and paper and meet in the large conference room.
"The meeting is starting! Mr. Wray, they are holding a meeting now!"
A meeting at the planning office could only mean one thing-the government's official memorandum had been issued! Their plan had succeeded!
"Mr. Wray, there's no doubt about it now! It's a done deal! We're about to make a truckload of money!" The excitement outside was palpable as Kenton and his associates buzzed with energy.
Kenton, in a particularly good mood, took the opportunity to reach out to Taylor. "It's been a while since we last caught up. I've secured a valuable piece of land today. The policy announcement will be made shortly.
"Let me know if Wynter needs any help. We're both dealing in land acquisitions. Why didn't you tell Wynter to seek advice from me? I will teach her that there's no need for her to act impulsively."
His message was intended solely to irritate the Whitman family.
His underlying motive was to boast about his success and highlight the disparity between his achievements and theirs. He wanted to make it clear that their efforts were not even in the same league! Taylor chose not to respond to the message. Although he was affected by it, he had faith in Wynter. Even if they ended up with a less desirable piece of land, the Whitman family had the means to cover for it.
Despite the fact they were both waiting for the policy announcement, Wynter remained remarkably calm. Her focus was less on the land acquisition and more on the stock market. Unlike the land deals, the stakes in the stock market were higher.
She had substantial personal and familial assets tied up in it, so this wasn't just a game for her. After all, she wasn't only up against Kenton but also foreign investors looking to launder money through the stock market. Hence, her approach was thorough and cautious.
Meanwhile, in the Bureau of Land Management, the conference had begun.
Alejandro brought along some documents with him and was noticeably more nervous compared to others. It was understandable. After all, he came with a specific agenda in mind.
###chapter1441
Chapter 1441 The Plot Twist
The relevant documents were placed in front of everyone.
As soon as Alejandro arrived, his eyes were uncontrollably drawn to the sealed envelope on the table. He knew better than anyone what was inside and couldn't tear his gaze away.
Noticing his intense focus, a colleague beside him teased, "What's wrong with you, Alejandro? You seem nervous."
Alejandro paused as he registered the words. He was wary of giving away his anxiousness and hurriedly waved his hand dismissively. "Oh, I'm just dealing with stomach issues lately."
"That's important to watch out for. Health is key at our age."
Alejandro nodded vigorously and pretended to sip from his teacup to mask his nervous gaze.
He knew the policy announcement was likely to favor the land Kenton had secured. Now, it was just a matter of waiting for the official announcement!
Soon, a middle-aged man in a white button-down shirt and black trousers entered the room. Everyone immediately stood up to greet him. "Mr. Rhode."
Finnian Rhode waved his hand. "Please, sit down. I assume you all know this conference's purpose. The top officials decided last month that we need to clear the canal, which requires land acquisition. The results are on the table.
"Alejandro, you've been around for a long time. What's your opinion on which piece of land is more promising before we open the sealed document?"
Alejandro, though surprised by the sudden spotlight, quickly composed himself. After all, he had been working as an official for years.
"Mr. Rhode, based on my understanding, the land in Ravenshire is relatively undeveloped with fewer people and expansive terrain. It has great potential for development." He finished with a slight smile.
After hearing Alejandro's opinion, Finnian gestured for him to sit down. His reaction made Alejandro even more certain of his assumptions.
Finnian then took the sealed document and carefully unwrapped it. He extracted a few pages and glanced at the contents before a smile, tinged with disbelief and intrigue, spread across his face.
He handed the papers to Alejandro. "Alejandro, I remember that you recently signed a project for this land. Why don't you announce the results?"
Upon hearing that his project was involved, Alejandro's face lit up with a broad smile. This was practically a done deal!
He barely registered anything as he took the papers. "The land selected for the policy this time is the farmland to the west of Valen Village."
"The farmland to the west of Valen village?" Alejandro repeated in disbelief, his eyes widening in shock. He even lifted the paper higher, hoping the words would change, but they remained the same.
He didn't want to look at the rest of the details as he didn't care about the area or the intended use. His head was spinning as if there weren't enough oxygen reaching his brain.
Meanwhile, Finnian was watching him closely. He noted the horror on Alejandro's face. Having called his name several times with no response, he finally raised his voice. "Alejandro! What's wrong with you?"
Alejandro quickly steadied himself and placed a hand on the table for support. "Sorry, Mr. Rhode. I've been feeling unwell lately and have been experiencing some tinnitus."
Finnian said no further and glanced at his secretary, Cameron Halton.
Cameron nodded, noting down the scene.
"Take a seat." Finnian didn't make things hard for Alejandro and continued, "Valen Village will retain its original appearance, while all the farmland on the west will be used for development and construction." Finnian's words echoed in Alejandro's head, but he barely registered his words. His mind was numb as he slumped into his chair, looking almost defeated.
After all, the land selected for the project was not just any land. It was the very plot he had tried to deceive Wynter with!
###chapter1442
Chapter 1442 Strike Gold
Instead, it was now the land Kenton had purchased at a high price that would remain unchanged for the next decade. It was essentially a worthless plot of land!
The policy could have applied to any piece of land. Why did it have to be the one Wynter had gotten?
Alejandro was doomed! Everything was doomed!
Alejandro couldn't help but tug at his hair as he pretended to feel unwell while bracing himself against the desk.
In reality, his mind was racing with questions. How did this ignored land suddenly slated for development? It felt as if fate itself was playing with him!
Finnian placed his pen down after his announcement. "Our department has been very busy lately. Some of you may inevitably feel tired, and when people are tired, they are more prone to making mistakes. Hence, I remind everyone not to harbor any wishful thinking.
"Alright, I have another meeting this afternoon. Discuss this during your internal briefing later and quickly implement the development policy."
Finnian was the first to leave. He was indeed busy and highly efficient.
Meanwhile, Alejandro remained seated, still stunned by the announcement.
A colleague called out to him, "Alejandro, what are you waiting for? You should tell the investors who bought the land this great news."
Despite his inner turmoil, Alejandro managed to force a smile. "I'll call her shortly and tell her to hold off for now."
His colleague continued, "I wonder who bought the land. How fortunate of them!"
Alejandro felt the weight of the situation bearing down on him. He finally stood up after the conference room cleared out and stared at the government policy memorandum in his hand.
The discomfort he felt wasn't just due to the land but was also because of Finnian's final comment. That was definitely a warning.
Alejandro knew that he had been skating on thin ice and toeing the line of propriety. His involvement with the Wray and Montclair families and his promise to Kenton to set Wynter up were clearly violations as a cadre.
Yet, he justified his actions by thinking that he had to show Kenton some respect given his connections with the higher-ups. It wasn't just about the money. The most important thing was that "that man" could see his loyalty.
Otherwise, the urban village wouldn't have remained stable for so many years and turned into the powerful force it was today. Everything had been done according to "that man's" intentions!
Alejandro reassured himself that, no matter what, he had endured hardships for them even if he hadn't made notable contributions. He probably wouldn't end up like Alden, who committed suicide, after being discarded like a pawn.
Moreover, Finnian had only given him a warning without saying much else. After all, "that man" was still above him.
Alejandro still had to deal with the group of people outside.
He glanced out the window to find Kenton standing right in front of his Bently, flanked by several figures from the Chamber of Commerce. They didn't look at all like businessmen and instead resembled a horde of bandits.
Alejandro had always viewed Kenton as someone who had simply achieved success through luck.
However, he was increasingly convinced that Kenton's success was rooted in ruthless and unscrupulous methods.
He even harbored suspicions that Kenton might have blood on his hands. However, he decided to keep these thoughts to himself. After all, he didn't dare say much about this.
Alejandro had no intention of leaving as long as Kenton and his men remained outside.
He instructed Skyler Avery, who usually helped with drafting his speeches, to keep a close eye on the situation outside. Ideally, he wanted the security guards to disperse them.
Skyler looked distressed and shook his head. "Mr. Calico, everyone in our department knows that Mr. Wray is one of your major backers. We rely on him for investment and development. It wouldn't be appropriate for the security guards to chase him away."
"Understood. You may leave. I need to rest for a while, so if anyone asks for me, just say I'm busy," Alejandro said.
Alejandro had hoped to avoid the situation for as long as possible, but that was undoubtedly impossible. As soon as he finished speaking, Skyler's phone rang.
"Mr. Calico, it's Mr. Wray. He's already called three to four times."
It wasn't just three or four times. There were even more missed calls on Alejandro's phone.
"Ignore it and pretend you haven't seen it." Alejandro wiped his sweat and felt a tumult of anxiety. Outside, Kenton's patience was visibly wearing thin.
###chapter1443
Chapter 1443 Retribution for the Wrays
The Chamber of Commerce members tried to calm Kenton down. "It must be a significant policy. Otherwise, the meeting wouldn't be taking this long."
"Exactly, Mr. Way. Don't worry. It's probably inconvenient for Mr. Calico to answer the phone now."
People had to turn their phones off once a conference started, after all. Kenton understood this. What he didn't understand was why even Skyler wasn't answering his phone. "Fine! We'll wait a little longer!"
But it was already noon. They all had their own companies to manage, and waiting out here while starving felt very degrading.
However, when they thought about what they were about to get their hands on, they suddenly felt much better. They were all continuously reassuring each other, convincing themselves the conference hadn't ended yet.
It wasn't until someone of the same rank as Alejandro came out with a lunchbox that their faces darkened. "Mr. Vox, where are you headed? Has the conference ended?"
Kenton was known as the philanthropist in the city and a frequent visitor to their office. Hence, Kairo Vox wasn't overly formal.
"The conference ended a while ago. Mr. Rhode has already left. Why are you waiting here, Mr. Wray?" Ended? Kenton suddenly realized something and asked urgently, "What about Mr. Calico? Where is he?"
"Oh, him? The policy has been applied to the land he signed off on. He's probably celebrating right about now."
The way Kairo spoke was very intriguing. It was the kind of remark that could only come from someone from their line of work. It left people unable to decipher his real meaning.
He didn't say it was the land Kenton had gotten. Instead, he pointed out that the policy was applied to the land Alejandro had signed off on.
Kenton was brimming with overconfidence when he heard this and assumed Kairo was delivering good news. He immediately burst into laughter. "Well, Mr. Calico must be really busy! It's a big deal, after all!"
"It certainly is," Kairo, a sly fox, responded with a knowing smile. "Well then, gentlemen, please continue waiting. I'm off to get my lunch."
"Go right ahead." Kenton tried to maintain his gentlemanly demeanor.
However, in Kairo's eyes, Kenton was nothing more than a blood-sucking capitalist preying on ordinary citizens. The Wray family's previous land acquisitions were marred by controversy.
There was an incident where they forcibly demolished a newlywed couple's house and broke the groom's leg. In the end, they didn't even compensate them. Instead, they turned the situation around and accused the victim of initiating the conflict.
Ordinary people stood no chance against someone with the Wray family's wealth and influence. Legal battles would get dragged on. Worse yet, the Wrays had Alejandro as their protector.
The usual rhetoric was, "So what? What can you do about it? You can't send the people financing the city's development to jail! Those foolish commoners don't understand the law. It's probably because they lack proper education."
Every time Kairo heard such statements, it boiled his blood. He had tried to report the corruption, but they
never seemed to reach the higher-ups. It was as if someone was intercepting the complaints.
Most in the Bureau of Land Management knew about the shady deals between Alejandro and the Wray family. They'd orchestrated this entire land plot to trap the Quinnel family, who had come from Kingbourne.
But now, the tables had turned. Not only did the trap fail, but it also catapulted the Quinnell family into a position of prosperity. Meanwhile, the Wray family was about to face massive losses! This was retribution!
Feeling rather cheerful, Kairo treated himself to an extra plate of bacon.
In stark contrast, Alejandro felt as though time was crawling painfully slow. He stared at the Bently still parked outside and knew there was no way he could leave through the main entrance. Even Skylar couldn't cross the street for lunch at the cafeteria.
Alejandro figured that he could sneak out through the side entrance. He even changed his outfit to avoid being recognized.
The side entrance was indeed quite empty. After all, it was an area known only to internal staff and new hires.
Alejandro hastily walked out through the side entrance and finally reached his car. But just as he was about to unlock it, a cheerful voice sounded behind him.
###chapter1444
Chapter 1444 The Truth That Shattered Him
"Why are you rushing off, Mr. Calico? Mr. Wray's been waiting for you! Come on, let's go break the good news!" a man called out, dragging Alejandro toward Kenton. 'Mr. Wray was thinking ahead. He's worried you might miss us, so he told us to wait by your car.
Alejandro, consumed by despair, cursed in his heart.
Upon noticing him, Kenton misread his expression as excitement and gave him a hearty pat on his shoulder. "Are you really that thrilled, Alejandro? Relax, it's just a piece of land worth millions. Look ahead-this is only the start. Take a deep breath and tell us the good news. We've been waiting for ages!"
As he stared at Kenton, Alejandro knew he could no longer hide the truth. He was doomed either way, so he might as well come clean now. Besides, Kenton might hesitate to act against him at the Bureau of Land Management.
With that thought, Alejandro felt more relieved and adjusted his glasses. "The policy has been affirmed," he shared before pausing.
Kenton eagerly replied, 'Yes, we know that. You're talking about our land, right? This calls for a celebration, Alejandro! This time, the Wrays will be..."
As he reached for the car door, he saw Alejandro shake his head. Realization dawned on Kenton. "I see-you're worried about your reputation with your colleagues around. Let's catch up after work, then!"
Alejandro decisively clenched his fists and closed his eyes. "That's not what I meant, Mr. Wray. The land slated for further development isn't the one you acquired."
Kenton was left flabbergasted. After all the time and money he invested, it turned out his land wasn't the one selected. How could this have happened?
The other businessmen's countenances shifted drastically. After all, they had each invested one million dollars in the venture.
"Could you be mistaken, Mr. Calico? It can't be that Mr. Wray's land wasn't chosen." Someone expressed his doubts.
"That's right! You assured us that it's in the bag!" another fumed.
As the group moved to expose their secret deal, Alejandro hurriedly shouted, "That's enough! We're at the Bureau of Land Management!
He wondered if the group weren't worried that their loud commotion might draw attention to their shady dealings.
The businessmen quieted down and gritted their teeth. "What's the meaning of this, Mr. Calico? You can't just walk away after taking our money.
"I didn't simply walk away! I told you there would be major changes this morning. No one can predict the exact land chosen, and we have just received the confidential documents
"The higher-ups made this decision, so there's nothing I can do!" Alejandro shot back angrily.
At that moment, Kenton came back to his senses and demanded glumly, 'If my land wasn't chosen, then whose land was it? I'll buy it for double."
Alejandro didn't dare to meet Kenton's gaze. He stammered for a moment before blurting out, "It's Wynter's land!"
It fell silent instantly. While the businessmen stood frozen, Kenton turned completely mad. He had dropped his composure and shot Alejandro a piercing glare, as if he could tear him apart.
"Who did you say bought the land?' Kenton growled.
With a hushed voice, Alejandro stated, "I know this is hard to accept, but no one expected this. That land..."
Before Alejandro could finish, Kenton seized him by the collar and roared, 'Shut up! You negotiated that land with Wynter and let her get it for a few million dollars!
"You told me it was a wasteland and suggested offering it to Wynter to sweeten the deal, so we could keep her under control. But now you're telling me that shitty land of hers has been chosen for commercial development!
"Meanwhile, I've spent hundreds of millions for nothing! Instead of profiting, we've let Wynter acquire valuable land at a bargain price!"
###chapter1445
Chapter 1445 Abandoning the Wrays
At that point, Kenton couldn't care less about his reputation and only sought revenge. His emotional turmoil had overshadowed any consideration of his standing.
If it weren't for the sensible businessmen intervening, Kenton might have punched Alejandro.
Even so, his sudden outburst at the Bureau of Land Management had already drawn notice. Given Alejandro's position as a public servant, the police soon arrived to address the disturbance.
However, Alejandro didn't wish to escalate things further nor explain himself to his watching colleagues. The thought of being taken into custody and interrogated filled him with embarrassment. Worst of all, he might risk losing his job!
When questioned, Alejandro quickly dismissed it. "It's just a misunderstanding between friends,' he replied, deciding it was best to steer clear of discussing any business details.
Though Kenton was infuriated, he didn't want to end up in police custody, either. "I lost my temper for a moment. I'll apologize to Mr. Calico later," he said in a low voice.
With both parties having stated their cases, there was no need for mediation. And given their prominent status in Hawford, it would be disastrous to make a scene in the government building. In the end, the police merely offered some advice and left.
Kenton had never been so humiliated. He and his associates were convinced that the policy would work in their favor, only to end up looking foolish in front of the Bureau of Land Management officers. How would he face the other business people if word got out?
"You'd better prepare for the consequences, Mr. Calico. Just so you're aware, that person' is who you need to answer to, not me," Kenton said.
While he straightforwardly pointed out their mutual interests, Alejandro had more to consider. Facing his colleagues' curious stares, Alejandro recalled Finnian's words and only wished he could cut his ties with Kenton.
He had intended to caution Kenton that the higher-ups might be aware of the situation, as Finnian's warning suggested. But now, all Alejandro wanted was a month of solitude to save his own skin.
Kenton's outburst quickly became the talk of Hawford's business community, reaching the ears of both the Chamber of Commerce members and normal business people.
"Did they seriously get into a fight at the Bureau of Land Management?" one exclaimed.
"Yes, the police even showed up. I guess it's tough to swallow the fact that the land you've invested hundreds of millions in turned out to be worthless,' another shared.
"A worthless land? I thought the Yarwoods were interested in it, too," someone said.
"They were, but they only handed over the documents," came the reply.
The revelation led some shrewd listeners to discern the underlying deception.
"It seems like the Yarwood family's head really hates Mr. Wray's guts," a man said with a scoff.
The Yarwood family had taken no further action after submitting the documents-it was simply a tactic to drive up the land's value. Kenton had fallen right into the trap and ended up with nothing.
"It seems like we need to reassess our Cascadian business partners. Mr. Wray's tactics and insights clearly fall short when it comes to dealing with the Cascadian market.
"His handling of interpersonal relationships is even worse than my assistant's. Doesn't he understand that offending a public servant in Cascadia is a serious mistake?" Douglas Armstrong criticized sharply with a foreign accent.
C
E
###chapter1446
Chapter 1446 Filled With Regrets
"I need to have a word with him tomorrow. Let Mr. Wray's secretary know we're withdrawing our financial support," Douglas instructed.
"I'm afraid it's too late to change that, Mr. Douglas," the assistant, Ellison Grimes, replied.
When Douglas looked puzzled, Ellison reminded him in a hushed voice, "We planned to disrupt the Cascadian market by investing gold at a low price, and we transferred some funds to Mr. Wray ten days ago."
Douglas was momentarily stunned before cursing loudly in frustration. There was no turning back now that the money had been transferred.
"Don't worry, Boss. Everything's under control. We've got the best trader working behind the scenes. If any problem arises, we can deal with them immediately," Ellison hurriedly reassured him.
Unfortunately, that was their only option.
Although the financial magnates were initially pleased with their scheme in the Cascadian stock market, they were left anxious by Kenton's failure. They decided to end their collaboration with Kenton once they secured their profits.
"If Kenton's land wasn't the one approved for development, then whose land was?"
It was an inevitable question on everyone's mind. No one wanted to miss the chance to double their profit-an opportunity that only came once in a lifetime. Even if they weren't entitled to a share, they still hoped for an
answer.
"It was Wynter's land,' the gossiper revealed softly.
Those who heard the news were struck dumb with disbelief. All ended up muttering vacantly, "Wynter Quinnell? That girl's going to make a fortune!"
"She's not the only one-I heard others have a stake in it as well," someone added.
The Chamber of Commerce members might have been indifferent if Wynter were the sole beneficiary. However, they turned mad upon learning that others were involved.
"Who are the ones involved?" someone demanded.
"Who else would it be? Must be Orson and his friends. They are close to Wynter, after all, came the reply. Those members had previously distanced themselves from Wynter for fear she would ask for funding. However, they now learned that those close to her had a stake in that valuable land. Some members broke down in despair while others gave themselves a hard slap.
Such sensational news was bound to disseminate quickly and widely, even reaching the ladies who spent their time on poker and beauty routines. However, they weren't genuinely pleased as they always held the Blaise family in low regard.
Given her ties to the Whitmans, Ophelia should have been pleased for Wynter as her success was linked to the family.
Yet, Ophelia was far from thrilled. She was so frustrated that she couldn't even bring herself to continue with her mesotherapy session.
To make matters worse, some ladies pressed Ophelia with questions. "Speak up, Mrs. Whitman. Hasn't Cyrus been following Wynter around these days? He must have a stake in that land as well, so it's your treat today!"
Another lady chimed in, "She's right. I just saw the news, and that land is massive. I bet he'll make billions from it. By the way, how much did Cyrus invest?"
###chapter1447
Chapter 1447 Partaking in the Glory
"I suppose there was no need for a huge investment. That land wasn't worth much, anyway. I heard that they got it for just five million.
"With a few hundred thousand dollars, they could turn a huge profit! It's a piece of cake for the Whitmans, don't you think, Mrs. Whitman?" one of the ladies teased.
The incessant chatter became too much for Ophelia to handle. No longer interested in her beauty treatments, she hoped to reach home soon to ask Cyrus if he could still reach out to Wynter.
Noting Ophelia's pale face, a righteous lady interjected calmly, "Let's not tease her too much. Haven't you heard? The Whitmans had decided that the land wasn't worth it and pulled their investments."
The revelation left the other ladies astounded. Such a decision was considered a breach of business etiquette. "It's hard to believe that Mr. Whitman Senior would agree to that. Someone expressed her doubts.
The lady smiled faintly and explained, "Mr. Whitman Senior isn't that heartless as he's very fond of Wynter. I heard that he didn't personally oversee this due to his illness. The decision was left to Mrs. Whitman, wasn't it?"
Ophelia was filled with shame as she was called out. She might have looked pale earlier, but now she felt like she was about to faint.
She had risked offending both Reuben and the Quinnell family by telling Cyrus to pull his investments. While she had intended to secure a promising future for her son, she now feared she might lose more than just Cyrus prospects.
Unable to bear the situation further, Ophelia excused herself and hurriedly left the club. She didn't even realize her shirt was fastened incorrectly in her haste.
Once in the car, she impatiently called home, only to find that Cyrus was no longer at the house.
Ophelia felt that the world had come crumbling down, suffocating her with despair. She could no longer keep her cool and shrieked, "What do you mean he's gone? When did he disappear? Why are you telling me this now?'
The maid was shaken by her sudden outburst as she explained, "This morning-or, it might have been yesterday. Mr. Cyrus hasn't come out of his room since he returned. We believe he has escaped through the windows.
"You mentioned he wasn't a good mood and told us not to bother him, so we've been leaving his food at the door. We have never gone inside once."
Ophelia wasn't interested in the excuses. At that moment, Cyrus' whereabouts were irrelevant. What mattered more was the valuable land that Wynter acquired, and Cyrus had to have a stake in it.
With that in mind, Ophelia instructed, "Head to my mother's place instead of home."
The driver, a member of the Montclair family, complied unhesitatingly. Ophelia had always felt more secure with the Montclair family and often sought Tamia's advice on important matters. But now, all she felt was profound regret.
Ophelia believed there was a chance to remedy the situation, but she needed to discuss it with Tamia. As Wynter's aunt, she felt it was only fair that Wynter included Cyrus in such a significant project.
Ophelia even planned to have Noah persuade Wynter on the matter when the time was right.
Since Wynter yearned to mend the rift between the Quinnells and the Whitmans, it seemed like the perfect opportunity. Of course, a meaningful action was also necessary to prove her sincerity.
As Ophelia was lost in her thoughts, Cyrus had arrived at the Whitman residence to offer his congratulations. That said, he was also dumbfounded upon learning the news
Cyrus had never meant to betray Wynter nor demand money from her. Rather, he had hoped to be a
supportive cousin. He surely hadn't expected that the land would be expropriated by the authorities.
###chapter1448
Chapter 1448 I Am Sorry
Though Cyrus was happy for Wynter, he doubted the rumors' credibility. After reviewing the document multiple times, he finally showed it to Reuben. "Look at the land Wynter's secured, Grandpa!"
Reuben had known that Wynter had a strategy in place. After a chat with his old friend, he was convinced that she wouldn't be easily deceived.
Instead, Wynter had misled the Wray family by acquiring a piece of land, keeping Kenton in the dark about her involvement in the stock market.
Both Reuben and Fabian agreed that it was worthwhile to invest five million dollars in fabricating a false impression, seeing it as a way to draw out corrupted figures. They didn't expect that Wynter's land could be profitable, though.
Instead of turning the land into a fruit plantation, Reuben was considering selling it at half price.
Yet, the document officially stated that the land was intended for commercial development. That was more than just a financial opportunity-it marked a major milestone for the family business!
Reuben rose from his seat as his hands trembled in excitement.
The Whitman family had no prior history with real estate and had never been involved in the industry. However, it was a common dream for businessmen to see their property developed by the govemment.
"Where's Wynter? Where is she now?' Reuben asked with a beaming smile. He was thrilled to show off Wynter to the public. Though she was typically modest, she turned out to be a quiet storm.
Marie, who was preparing the medicine, hurried over upon hearing the commotion. Holding her hand, Reuben said in a hoarse voice, "Sevie has a real talent for business. You've taught her well, Marie."
In the past, Reuben had been struggling to find someone worthy of managing both the Quinnells' and Whitemans' vast business empires. It wasn't just about the families' business approaches but also their initial aspirations.
Unfortunately, none of Reuben's children could fully grasp the vision. Even if they did, it was challenging to turn it into reality.
Despite his outstanding performance, Taylor could only manage half of the family business. Any attempts to expand further might lead to potential problems.
However, Cyrus was different. He had shied away from the challenging routes from a young age, and the Montclair family had deliberately pampered him.
Recognizing that children should develop at their own pace, Reuben kept his wishes to himself. That said, he was content with how things had turned out. He might not live to see his own wishes realized, but he could honor his ancestors' legacy with Wynter's involvement.
Cyrus could tell that Reuben was genuinely thrilled. It was a side of Reuben he had never seen before.
As far as Cyrus remembered, Reuben had always been full of secrets. He was an avid reader who seldom lost his temper and enjoyed practicing calligraphy alone.
To outsiders, Reuben was a classic example of a sophisticated businessman. However, Cyrus was aware of the deep disappointment Reuben felt in his solitude, especially when it came to Cyrus himself.
Cyrus hadn't fully understood Reuben before. After following Wynter to work, he began to grasp the older generation's perspective.
Take Orson for example. Despite the minimal revenue, he remained dedicated to his business rather than undergoing a transformation.
His commitment wasn't only to support his disabled employees but also keep local brands alive in people's minds. With their freshness and quality, foreign goods could easily capture the market share with some marketing.
Even so, there were those working to preserve the domestic goods. Although those brands went unnoticed now, they would eventually emerge to meet future needs. That was the older generation's persistence. At that moment, Cyrus was overcome with a surge of emotion and blurted out, 'I'm sorry, Grandpa!"
###chapter1449
Chapter 1449 A Brighter Future
Reuben was momentarily stunned before caressing Cyrus' head. "There's nothing to apologize for. It seems like you've figured something out. I guess learning from Wynter has been worthwhile.
"I honestly thought you might give up or feel threatened by her, worried she would take over your position as the Whitman family's heir, but you didn't. Wynter has told me about your actions, including your private support to Orson.
"When your mother demanded you withdraw the investments and confined you, you escaped the house to tell Wynter the truth. Despite knowing the risks for potential losses, you still offered all your savings to her.
"You didn't go back on your words or betray your cousin, nor did you naively believe others as you once did. You have developed your own judgements. To be honest, I didn't expect this from you."
Reuben sighed and continued, "I was too stubborn back then and didn't consider your stance. I'm truly proud to have a grandson like you, Cyrus."
His words struck a chord with Cyrus, who confidently met Reuben's gaze for the first time. He never realized that his once-formidable grandfather had grown old until then. Reuben's hair had turned white, and his face showed signs of aging.
In the past, Cyrus instinctively turned away whenever he saw Reuben. But now, all he felt were regret and distress.
Cyrus reached out to hug Reuben as tears silently streamed down his face. Marie watched the heartfelt moment with a warm smile when Noah and Taylor arrived at the door.
"You can finally rest assured, Noah. Cyrus has truly matured. He'll become a strong and dependable member of the family," Taylor said.
Noah took a deep breath, as if he was trying to hold back his sorrows. He knew exactly who to thank for such a touching development.
That said, his way of showing gratitude was straightforward -he transferred around 30 million dollars to Wynter's account, along with two messages.
"I know you're not short of money, but the stock market is unpredictable. You might not be able to access cash immediately. Consider this the pocket money I should've given you in the past 17 years," Noah texted.
It turned out Wynter was nowhere to be found when the news broke, and even the Whitman family wasn't certain of her whereabouts.
They were all concerned whether she had sufficient funds in her account, given that she hadn't accessed any funds from the Quinnells' savings account.
Meanwhile, filled with anxiety, Fabian asked, "Is Sevie still unreachable?"
"No, but Mr. Albert mentioned she might not be able to answer the phone since the afternoon stock market is about to open," Alexis replied as he glanced at his watch. There were still 15 minutes before the stock market opened.
In truth, Wynter wasn't intentionally staying out of reach. Time was running out, and she sought to ensure that everything was impeccable.
She had actually predicted the affairs regarding the land acquisition, drawing inspiration from her review of the map.
As a reborn soul, Yvette had witnessed such policy reforms in her previous life. In other words, those changes were an established reality.
Such was a strong individual's mindset. Instead of dismissing Yvette's ability, Wynter took advantage of them to achieve her own goals.
###chapter1450
Chapter 1450 Things Are Getting Better
Wynter had adopted tactics similar to those of seasoned businessmen. While the world believed she was too young and rash to achieve greatness, the reality was different.
Those who followed Wynter knew that she excelled at drawing insights from a single event and always kept her true strengths hidden.
Yvette, for instance, had certainly survived longer than Wynter in her previous life.
According to her own dream, Wynter found herself dying of illness after Shane abandoned her. As a result, she had never accessed the information that Yvette gained about the future.
In that regard, Yvette was more formidable than anyone else as she could foresee what lay ahead.
Since discovering Yvette was reborn, Wynter had been contemplating how to counter her. That was when her expertise in criminal investigations came into play.
By analyzing Kenton's actions through counterfactual reasoning, Wynter figured out that land acquisitions and stock market investments were lucrative opportunities according to Yvette's prediction.
Since Kenton had set his eyes on the city center's east, the piece of land designated for development was likely nearby.
With that insight, Wynter focused her attention on the same area. When Cyrus brought out the map, she analyzed it logically and discovered a piece of arable land in the urban villages.
As Dalton noted, the land sat atop the celestial force. It was also essential for transportation between the north and south, making it the top choice for development.
Wynter intentionally misled Kenton into believing she was interested in Valen Village and drained his funds. After all, a few hundred million was no small sum.
It would've been one thing if Wynter hadn't secured the land, yet she got it on the same day as Kenton. But while she reaped substantial profits, he faced a devastating loss.
To the world, Wynter was still an ignorant scion. However, Kenton was the Wray Group's CEO. If his backers learned that his decision led to a costly mistake, it wouldn't end well for him.
Since Kenton had schemed to sow discord and turn everyone against her, Wynter decided to give him a taste of his own medicine.
As she adjusted her golden-rimmed glasses, Wynter smirked. "Things are going to get better. I do hope Mr. Wray, who enjoys oppressing the domestic brands, can hold out." Dalton flashed a charming smile beside her, finding her arrogance endearing. Wynter's remarks undoubtedly hit Kenton's sore spot. Had he stayed out of stock
investments, he could've fought back and kept his company operating normally.
Instead, he was driven by greed and attempted to collaborate with foreign forces to launder money by setting Albert up. It appeared he wouldn't be able to hold on much longer.
In the afternoon, Kenton was seething in his office. He fumed over being outdone by Wynter and the confrontation at the Bureau of Land Management. In a fit of rage, he smashed all the valuable antiques on his desk.
As Kenton had yet to receive the call from the foreign investors, he hadn't realized the situation's severity. At that moment, he was having one of his usual tantrums.
He was so disgruntled by the outcome of his land that he had forgotten a crucial detail-he had bought the land based on Yvette's prediction, including the stocks at a steep price.
###chapter1451
Chapter 1451 We Still Have an Ace
Kenton's associates were secretly upset by his tantrum. Even so, they remained hopeful about the stock markets despite the losses incurred from the land.
They chose to calm Kenton's anger instead of abandoning him, even resorting to flattery to avoid being ousted from the group.
After all, Yvette was the one who made the stock predictions, and she had never been wrong before.
Meanwhile, Yvette was unaware of the land investment mishap. She was out shopping with a companion who carried her bags. She had even invited several ladies for tea, as if she were a true socialite.
Upon noticing the line of customers outside the jewelry store, she asked with a hint of sarcasm, "What are they doing? Are they scrambling to buy worthless gold?"
Her companion was clueless and could only shake their head. Yvette pouted and raised her chin disdainfully, "It's unpleasant seeing a bunch of old hags crowding. This place is
dragging down my expectations. Let's go somewhere else."
Even if a reborn soul possessed knowledge of the future, it would be wasted if her capabilities didn't match that information.
Unfortunately, Kenton's associates were unaware of the fact and continued kissing up to Kenton. In such tense moments, there was always one ready to offer pretty words.
"Forget about the land, Mr. Wray. We have an ace up our sleeve! We'll see who gets the last laugh. The stock market will open soon, and we'll be raking in profits for five days straight. No one can stop us!" they exclaimed.
Kenton was stunned for a moment, and his expression changed. "That's right. The stocks are our ace in the hole!"
At that point, Kenton had gone mad. He barely gave it any thought as his mind was fixated on the Quinnells' ruin. That was a significant breach of business etiquette.
"Tell the traders to keep increasing our investment! That girl will regret crossing me. I want the Quinnells to cough up every penny they made from that land!" Kenton's eyes turned fiery red, and his face twisted into a menacing scowl.
The others echoed his decision. It seemed that, following a failure, people were inclined to pursue new ventures for more gains, especially when they were convinced it would yield profits with no chance of losses.
The associates' earlier discontent had now vanished, and their eyes gleamed with greed.
Had they looked into the mirror, they would've found themselves akin to the desperate gamblers from dramas, continually throwing their money into the game with the hope of winning it all back.
Meanwhile, Ophelia arrived at the Montclair residence and hurried inside. "We're in big trouble, Mom."
Tamia was reviewing the materials for overseas study, planning to send Cyrus even further. "Calm down. What's the big deal?"
Ophelia sank onto the couch and took a deep breath, though her expression remained ashen. "Did Mr. Calico not tell you anything, Mom?" she asked, puzzled.
"Tell me what? What's got you so worked up today?" Tamia shook her head with a soft chuckle.
"Did he really not tell you anything? Isn't he one of your connections?" As she repeated the words, Ophelia grappled with an unusual and intense anxiety. She closed her eyes and prepared to speak the truth.
###chapter1452
Chapter 1452 Cyrus Must Benefit From This
Ophelia stated, "The Bureau of Land Management has just announced the land slated for development, but it's not the one the Wrays have acquired. Instead, it's the very land you schemed for Wynter to take!"
A cup shattered into pieces with a crash. Tamia's eyes fluttered in disbelief; she couldn't accept the news.
"Impossible! Alejandro assured me it was worthless. And wasn't Wynter interested in Valen Village? How could her land be chosen for development? This can't be true!"
"It's all over the news!" Ophelia exclaimed, showing her phone to Tamia, who was momentarily stunned before snatching the phone away.
Clenching her fists, Ophelia added, "That's not all. You just publicly announced that Cyrus withdrew his funds and wasn't involved in the investments. Immediately after, Wynter's land was declared for development.
"You're not the only one embarrassed, Mom. How am I supposed to explain myself to the Whitman family now?"
Tamia's face flushed red, as if she had received a slap to the face.
Ophelia shared her feelings and continued, "Cyrus could've made a huge profit! But money isn't significant right now. At the very least, he has to be part of that project. It's a nationwide endeavor!"
Tamia felt a deep wave of regret but quickly gathered her composure.
"Cyrus must benefit from this! While he hasn't invested any capital, he has provided Wynter with valuable connections. He should be credited for that effort. This project is too lucrative for him to be left out!"
Only when Cyrus was involved in the project could the Montclair family share in the glory.
Fortunately, Ophelia agreed. "In that case, I'll have Cyrus speak with Sevie. They're cousins, so it's easier for him to ask."
Tamia considered the situation further. "Having Cyrus talk to her isn't enough. You need to be present, too. You're her aunt, after all.
"Even if she's working to reconcile the Quinnells and the Whitmans, she still has to respect you as her elder.
"Besides, Marie will need to consider what's best for her brother as well. I'm sure no one wishes to see another marriage fail after experiencing one themselves."
Tamia then suggested a sinister approach. "Tell that girl that Cyrus was pressured to pull his funds and see how she responds. It's best if she agrees, otherwise, you'll need to discuss it with Noah.
"All these years, you've sacrificed your career to support the family and raise Cyrus. You can't let a youngster disrespect you. Let Noah know you might consider a divorce if Cyrus doesn't get a share in that land."
Hearing that, Ophelia widened her eyes in disbelief. "Are you actually suggesting that I file for a divorce from Noah?"
"It's just a thought, not an actual plan. Now that things have come to this, it's the only way. Plus, it's part of the wisdom in managing a marriage," Tamia assured.
However, Ophelia seemed hesitant. "But I don't want to bring it up at all. You know Noah and I don't have any feelings for each other. We only got married because you..."
"That's enough dwelling on the past, Ophelia ! What matters now is resolving the issue at hand.
"Don't worry. Even though you and Noah started without feelings, you've been together for years, and even your son is all grown up. Noah's a family man, so I'm sure he wouldn't agree to a divorce."
###chapter1453
Chapter 1453 The Stock Market Opens
"I doubt Noah can afford a divorce. Don't forget his high net worth. If he filed for divorce, he'd have to split his assets with you. And it's not just cash-he'd also need to give up half of his shares.
"That would be a massive blow to the Whitman family. Even if Noah agreed to the divorce, the wise Mr. Whitman Senior wouldn't let it happen," Tamia explained.
She had thoroughly analyzed such situations, though her tactics were underhanded.
Given Noah's past credentials, Tamia knew that he would never consider Ophelia, so she set him up. The Whitmans valued their reputation, and Noah was a responsible man. Naturally, Ophelia married into the family.
Tamia's tactic proved to be effective over the years. Otherwise, Cyrus wouldn't have held her in high regard.
Novel readers would surely recognize the tactic mentioned. To put it simply, it was when a woman schemed to have a night with the man she desired.
Swayed by Tamia's words, Ophelia decided to first discuss with Marie and Wynter. If that didn't work out, she would turn to Noah. After all, he wouldn't dare to divorce her.
Pleased that Ophelia had figured things out, Tamia urged her to proceed with the plan. Meanwhile, she intended to review her stock investments in the afternoon.
She had been so frustrated with Cyrus' affairs that she only came to a realization then- Alejandro didn't inform her about such a major incident.
For the first time, Tamia felt an unfamiliar sense of discomfort. She had lived long enough to know about Alejandro's backers, including the one who had intentionally retained the land in Valen Village.
That person was powerful and enigmatic. Since their arrival in Hawford, the Wray family had dramatically risen in status. Many believed that the Whitmans were the ones saving the Wrays from ruin, and it was true to some extent.
However, the Wray family wouldn't have ascended to power so fast and become a formidable force in Hawford without that person's influence.
It was a secret known only to a few, and Tamia doubted that even Reuben was aware of it. She was privy to the secret only because she was in the same boat. But now, she couldn't help feeling that the boat was starting to capsize.
"That won't happen. I must be overthinking. That person can even get away with murder, so that Quinnell girl is nothing compared to them. No matter how much profit she makes, she'll eventually suffer at that person's hands if she doesn't show restraint.
"The Whitman family is the best example. Despite his wisdom, Reuben offended that person in a rural place and ended up in a sorry state. Because of that, his daughter was...." Tamia
abruptly stopped muttering.
She decided to offer some prayers, believing that there was no harm in earnestly seeking the gods' favor. Some secrets were meant to remain buried forever.
Meanwhile, an unsettling feeling stirred within Kenton. Each tick of the clock seemed to fray his nerves further, and his associates were equally anxious to speak.
When the clock chimed on time, someone exclaimed, "It's 1:00 pm, Mr. Wray! The stock market's open!"
Kenton swiftly accessed the website and refreshed the webpage to check the latest stock trends. His associates eagerly gathered around his desk.
###chapter1454
Chapter 1454 Gold Prices Skyrockets
Every single stock trend on the screen before him seemed to deliver a brutal blow to Kenton. His confident smile vanished in an instant.
Among all the trends, one stood out sharply the price of gold, which they had all been certain would plummet, was increasing!
"Is the price of gold increasing? How could it be going up?" Kenton's eyes were blazed with fury.
Didn't Yvette assure him that the price gap would emerge once the market opened in the afternoon? Yet, in just one morning, the price of gold had surged by ten dollars per share! To put this in perspective, during a market downturn, even well-established companies might see their stock prices barely holding at a few dollars per share. That was practically barely sustaining the most basic shareholder interests, not to mention investors.
In contrast, a ten dollar rise per share was monumental. It meant that investors in gold not only avoided losses, but some might even see their investments catapult them to a new financial echelon if their stakes were significant enough just from today's movement.
Kenton could hardly accept this outcome. The Quinnell family had already reaped significant profits from the land deal! He would never allow the Quinnells to earn money from even the stock market!
Kenton was overwhelmed by his frustration as he looked at the stock trends on the screen. Then, he picked up his laptop and hurled it to the ground.
The Chamber of Commerce members felt a cold shiver run down their spine and quickly rushed to intervene.
"Mr. Wray, please calm down."
"Yes, please."
Some of them were genuinely worried that he might crush his laptop. Considering this was Kenton's office, they were concerned that they might not be able to see the trends of their own stocks.
They took note of the expression on Kenton's face and carefully took the laptop away from him.
"Mr. Wray, it's not surprising that gold prices have risen. Didn't Mr. Lockhart mention that they might push gold prices to their peak on the first day to hide the risk and attract more buyers?
"After today, gold prices will likely drop significantly. By then, we can benefit from the investments made by the Quinnell family."
"Exactly, Mr. Wray. And it's not just the Quinnell family, there are also the countless retail
investors nationwide. They are not the only ones who followed the trend and bought gold. Gold can only rise today, so let's focus on the three stocks we invested in. What do you think?
Kenton's expression finally began to ease as he considered the last opportunity he had. He reopened his laptop. This time, his hands were sweating slightly as he navigated the mouse. "Come on! It has to rise!"
He clicked the mouse, and the next screen showed that the stock trend was going up.
"It's rising! Mr. Wray, all three stocks are up!"
All three stocks were indeed increasing. However, they were only increasing by a dollar. Nevertheless, for Kenton and the Chamber members, who had invested heavily, seeing any increase was enough to spark visible enthusiasm.
"Ms. Yates was right! It's definitely going up!"
"Today's rise is just the beginning. It will surely go up even more, Emmett!"
"Increase the stakes! We have to continue investing!" Kenton tapped on the table a few times. His gaze never left the stocks he had invested in. "Contact the trader and increase our investments!"
One of the members hesitated at his instruction.
However, the rest were filled with fervor. "We will listen to you, Mr. Wray. We'll increase our investments together."
Kenton nodded. "Then let's continue to increase our investment in the other three stocks. The trend looks promising. We should see a major breakout by this Friday. We need to recover the losses from the land with gains from these stocks!"
###chapter1455

Chapter 1455 Delaying His Investment
No matter how much gold prices skyrocketed, an unusually high surge in a single stock was never a good sign. Experienced investors would know that this was often a signal for an impending crash.
Kenton would allow Wynter to have her triumph today. But by tomorrow, with all three of his stocks soaring, he would crush the Quinnells!
Kenton's confidence was rooted in his arrogance and the support he had. He didn't believe Wynter could truly outshine him. After all, once his funds started rolling, they would be five times those of the Whitman family!
Upon realizing the enormous amount of money Kenton wanted to inject into the stock market, Adrien immediately turned to the Wray Group's finance department.
The accountant, Cassian Tucker, shook his head. "That's not possible. Mr. Wray can continue to invest, but it could lead to a shortage of capital for the Wray Group if he wants to divert funds from here.
"Moreover, if relevant departments find out, they might alert outsiders and significantly impact the company's development."
Adrien was seasoned in the corporate world and, of course, understood this fact very well. He simply didn't want to bear the responsibility to reject Kenton.
He returned to Kenton and told him that the application for additional funds was not approved.
But Kenton sneered. "Do I need to apply for my own company's money? Bring that accountant here!"
Cassian arrived and saw Kenton's uncompromising attitude. With a wave of Kenton's hand, billions were at stake. Cassian knew that if he didn't want to end up in prison, he would have to resign today.
This money was all from the company, including some newly approved loans from the bank. On top of that, Kenton's investments in the land had already caused significant financial gaps,
Cassian had lost count of the number of times Kenton had diverted company funds to the stock market.
He knew he needed to document this situation as evidence to protect himself. It was well- known that capable accountants often ended up taking the fall for their bosses or the company and were sent to prison.
He wouldn't have panicked this much if Kenton had invested the money elsewhere.
Accountants were the most knowledgeable about the company's background. It was incredibly obvious from government departments' past inspections that whoever was
behind the Wray family was an extraordinarily influential figure.
Minor accounting issues were often overlooked, and even if some external funds didn't adhere to proper procedures, inspectors tended to turn a blind eye as long as the ledgers looked generally acceptable. This had never been a significant problem for the Wray Group's development.
However, this time, Cassian was genuinely nervous. When a company's chairman stopped caring about the company's industry and became fixated on making a quick profit from the stock market, it signaled that the company was on the brink of collapse.
Kenton was dismissive and even displeased with Cassian's hesitation. He slapped him before yelling, "Why are you babbling so much over me using money? Are you the chairman, or am I?
"Cassian Tucker, you better get this in your head! Without me, you are nothing but a country bumpkin! Do you know who you got your money from?"
Even Adrien flinched at the slap Kenton gave Cassian. He really wanted to advise Kenton against it, but he didn't dare to speak up.
Anyone working in a company knew that the accountant was the last person you should offend. After all, they held the company's most critical secrets.
Fortunately, Cassian said nothing. He simply took the signed resignation documents and left.
Kenton was very displeased. He felt that Cassian had delayed him from seizing the earliest opportunity to increase his investment.
###chapter1456
Chapter 1456 Threatening Wynter
The other Chamber of Commerce members had already completed their additional investments. Kenton was frustrated that he was the only one left.
Fortunately, with some professional traders' help, his investments were quickly secured half an hour before the market closed.
Kenton breathed a sigh of relief when his investments were added. "Thank god I managed to catch up. It's all the accountant's fault. He acts like he's the boss just because he handles money."
One of the Chamber members who had overheard the argument earlier asked, 'Mr. Wray, do you have personal connections with the accountant?"
"He used to be one of my underlings.' Kenton took a drag from his cigarette. 'He's just a country bumpkin. I hired him because he was smart and did well in school.
"He even got a full scholarship and went abroad for further studies. If he wasn't good with numbers, I wouldn't have kept him."
"Then you have to be cautious, Mr. Wray. Accountants can be very vengeful and ruthless when it comes to getting their revenge. I had a similar situation with an accountant before.
"The traitor was thinking about reporting me to the authorities. Fortunately, I had someone planted inside the department where he submitted the report. Otherwise, I'll be in trouble thanks to that dimwit."
Kenton narrowed his eyes and spoke in a dangerous tone, "What are you implying?"
"Mr. Wray, it's wise to be on guard." The person continued, "You saw how he left quietly after you slapped him. As the saying goes, it's the quiet ones you have to watch."
Kenton stubbed out his cigarette and replied, "Probably not. I'm using my own money, after all. By tomorrow, when the stock market opens, the profits will cover the funds I pulled from the company's accounts.
"He'll just be a barking dog by then. What can he do about it?"
The member nodded in agreement. "That's true. Our money will be back in the account by tomorrow. It was just a mere reminder. Don't take it too seriously, Mr. Wray."
But how could someone like Kenton not take it seriously?
Although the stocks Kenton and his associates invested in rose slightly, they paled in comparison to the skyrocketing gold prices.
As a result, the celebratory banquet they had planned never materialized. It was a shame, especially since they had already opened the champagne.
Each of the Chamber of Commerce members had their own hidden agendas. One of them, in particular, had connections to the Montclair family.
The land in Wynter's possession was undoubtedly a lucrative project that every businessman wanted a stake in. The news had already been released, and development would soon begin.
Though they no longer expected to share in the land profits, development would definitely require investors. Hence, maintaining good relations with Wynter could significantly increase their chances of winning contracts in the future!
However, they had previously expressed strong disdain for Wynter. It was difficult to reconnect with her.
However, with Cyrus in the picture as the negotiator, the situation would be different. He was a part of the Montclair family, after all.
Lorien Montclair decided to visit Tamia, wanting her to think of ways to pressure the Whitman family. After all, the land that came through Cyrus' connections shouldn't exclude him from the benefits.
If Wynter wanted to save the family from embarrassment, she would likely have to relinquish some control over the project. Otherwise, she might as well alienate herself from the Whitman family entirely!
Lorien's plan revealed the Montclair family's true nature-conniving and self-serving. However, their schemes were ultimately foolish. They were blinded by arrogance and a false sense of superiority
Meanwhile, Kenton took those words to heart.
After the Chamber of Commerce members had left, he summoned a few of his private bodyguards. They weren't just any ordinary security personnel but were basically thugs.
Kenton lowered his voice and said seriously. "Pay a visit to Mr. Tucker's house. Make sure he knows what happens to those who betray me.'
###chapter1457
Chapter 1457 I Will Make Sure You Remember Everything
"Rest assured, Mr. Wray. I'll take care of it. The man grinned in a way that could make anyone feel uneasy. "I remember Mr. Tucker's daughter is in middle school..
Kenton took a glance at him. "Keep it quiet, and handle it discreetly."
"Understood." Though that was what the man said, in reality, it was clear his approach might be anything but subtle.
He intended to keep a firm grip on Cassian. After all, he had overheard that Cassian was currently in the process of resigning.
Kenton didn't bother with further details. To him, this was just another small problem to deal with. His mind was preoccupied with only his stocks.
Meanwhile, Wynter finally took her eyes off the laptop as the market closed. It wasn't just exhaustion she felt. She was starving and felt like she could eat a horse now!
"How about some pizza?" Wynter asked.
Without a second thought, she set her laptop down and was already starting to navigate for nearby pizza restaurants.
Dalton sat in the passenger seat, raising his charming eyebrows slightly. "We made so much money, yet are you really just going for pizza?"
"Mm-hmm. Pizza is enough for me. I love it." Wynter continued swiping on her phone screen.
Dalton reached over to stop her hand. 'No need to search. I've already had someone arrange something. It's only nearby."
Wynter paused and glanced up at him. "How thoughtful
"As a future live-in son-in-law, it's my duty," he said without the slightest change in expression. He remained poised and graceful.
He leaned over and extended his right arm to help her unbuckle her seatbelt. 'Aren't you tired after staring at the computer all day? Get out of the car. Let's walk over and stretch a bit."
"I'm exhausted. Insider trading really drains my energy." Wynter stretched lazily and revealed a flash of her fair, toned skin around her waist. It was an alluring sight that naturally drew anyone's gaze to it.
Dalton's eyes darkened. In one swift, forceful movement, he pressed her back into the seat, using the seatbelt as leverage. His dominating presence was a stark contrast to his handsome face's calm elegance.
Wynter could feel the heat radiating from him, especially his hand resting on her waist. The sensation of his fingertips brushing against her skin sent tingles up her spine.
It was impossible for her to control her body's natural reactions. Her legs went weak, her hands limp, and her breath came out ragged while her heart raced uncontrollably.
The laptop had already slipped off her thighs. Its soft thud barely registered amid the tension in the enclosed space.
The intimacy, heightened in the small confines of the car, made everything more intense. It felt like they were doing something forbidden.
The fear of being seen was amplifying every sound outside the car. Even though they were in the parking lot, Wynter could clearly hear the distant click of a car unlocking nearby.
Every part of her rational mind was screaming that they should stop. But her body seemed to have a will of its own. She instinctively moved closer to him, as if this was exactly what she had been craving. Her heat seemed to radiate everywhere.
Her gold-rimmed glasses had slid askew, and the delicate chain brushed against her cheek. This only added to the intoxicating allure that seemed to invite Dalton to tear down her defenses and push her to the brink of surrender
Dalton harbored a beast within him, unseen by all but ever-present. When his emotions stirred, it was as if a thick, dark mist began to rise from him.
The crimson beaded bracelet around his wrist, meant to keep him grounded, seemed to fail entirely when his hand gripped her waist. Rather than restraining him, the beads only intensified the surge of untamed desire coursing through him.
"You seem to have forgotten who you belong to. But that's alright, as I'll make sure you remember piece by piece. You'll remember those days when it was just you and me. Do you understand?"
###chapter1458
Chapter 1458 Thank the Montclairs
Wynter's thoughts were in a mess. Perhaps it was the exhaustion, or maybe it was Dalton's overpowering presence.
Wynter furrowed her brows as the dark mist surrounding her seemed to spiral out of control. Even her gaze was starting to change.
Dalton didn't continue as soon as he sensed the unbridled resentful energy within her. He reached out to cover her eyes. "It's been a while since you asked me for consultation fees."
This time, instead of guiding her toward his neck, he bit down on his finger, letting the blood flow before pressing his lips against hers.
With her sight obscured, Wynter's consciousness seemed to drift deep, and a wave of drowsiness was threatening to pull her under.
It wasn't until her phone, fallen under the seat, began ringing that she was jolted from the depths of her mind. Her vision sharpened, and in one swift motion, she grasped Dalton's wrist, reversing the hold with firm precision
The tips of her hair brushed against his face as she leaned over, her posture commanding. Her eyes, still tinged red, held a cool clarity that contrasted sharply with her earlier vulnerability.
"My phone is ringing."
Dalton shifted his gaze away. His demeanor was as composed and noble as ever, and his side profile was sharp and elegant
Wynter picked up her phone. She cast a glance at Dalton before pushing open the car door and stepping out. She glanced at her shirt before looking at his still impeccable tailored suit. The contrast was stark, and she couldn't help but think about how unfair it was.
Wynter didn't have time to dwell on what Dalton had said earlier. Her attention shifted to the caller ID on her phone-Montclair.
She raised an eyebrow and answered the call while buttoning her shirt. Her tone was lazy and indifferent when she spoke, "Hello?"
This made Ophelia, who had been trying to get through for quite some time, lose her patience. However, she masked it with an overly warm tone.
"Wynter? It's your aunt. There's been a bit of a misunderstanding between you and Cyrus. If you're free, why don't you come over? I'd like to explain things."
Ordinary people might feel pressured to comply when dealing with elders, especially the relatives who liked to flaunt their authority, expecting everyone to cater to them. They often assumed the world revolved around their whims.
But those familiar with Wynter's personality knew better. She simply smirked and replied with a blunt, "I'm not free."
Ophelia's hand holding the phone went rigid, and her face flushed with anger. She had never encountered such a disrespectful youngster before. How could Wynter embarrass her like this?
Suppressing her inner revulsion, she attempted to appeal to Wynter through familial affection. 'Wynter, I understand that you've become distant from your uncle and me after you were taken away.
"I don't hold it against you. Your uncle cares for you even more than for Cyrus. I just want you to know that the withdrawal of investment was all a misunderstanding.
"We were concerned that you young folks might not handle things properly, and that money would go to
waste.
"Cyrus has always been on your side. Despite what others say, he has never looked down on you for coming
from a small place. He protects you like he would a sister.
"Otherwise, he wouldn't have used all our connections to help you get that piece of land. It was only with my mother's help that we managed to hire Mr. Calico for you."
The underlying message was clear. Ophelia was telling Wynter that she was able to get a hold of the land only because of their connections. If it weren't for the Montclair family, she wouldn't have been able to acquire such a valuable piece of land!
Wynter listened silently. Other than her darkening gaze, her expression betrayed no emotions.
It made Ophelia feel like she was talking to herself. She instinctively asked quietly when she noted how quiet Wynter was, "Wynter, are you listening?'
###chapter1459
Chapter 1459 Disrespectful Youngster
Ophelia's tone was noticeably getting sharper.
Only then did Wynter respond as she casually played with a dagger she had somehow acquired.
Her voice was casual. "I heard you, Aunt Ophelia. With all this talk, are you trying to get me to give part of the land to the Montclair family? Or are you looking to secure a spot for the Montclair family in the project bidding?"
Ophelia was taken aback by how quickly Wynter understood her intentions. She was more clever than she had anticipated.
This reminded Ophelia of the first time she met Wynter. She was lying in a crib with a tiger hat on, smiling at everyone. But she was the only one Wynter would refuse to be held by.
At that time, she had just married into the Whitman family and had already given birth to Cyrus. Seeing a child so deliberately reject her was a blow to her ego.
Nevertheless, she knew Noah held a great affection for his niece due to his love for Marie. Hence, all the best things he could get were sent to Kingbourne.
Reuben and Isabella also doted on Wynter as if she were a precious gem. They would call her a lucky star who was always cheerful and delightfully bossy.
And she was indeed bossy in the sense of not allowing anyone to take what was hers. When Cyrus wanted her toy, Wynter would slap his hand away with her own tiny one.
She couldn't argue with a baby who hadn't even been weaned yet. But now that Wynter had grown up, Ophelia expected her to understand how to speak respectfully to her elders!
Since Wynter was already being straightforward, Ophelia figured she could be clear with her intentions as well. Her tone shifted from malicious to bright. "I knew you'd understand my intentions, Wynter.
"I'm sure you won't let Cyrus' efforts go to waste. It's up to you how much land you want to give us. After all, Cyrus is the Whitman family's eldest grandson. His involvement in this land will benefit your future development in Hawford.
"As for the subsequent development, the Montclair family does have the connections and capability. I'm not going to be polite about this.
"Wynter, this isn't Kingbourne. There will be times when you need family connections. It's better to use your own people rather than outsiders. It's more reassuring, wouldn't you agree?"
Ophelia considered her arguments flawless, using both kindness and coercion. She believed it was more than sufficient to handle a young lady like Wynter. Surely, Wynter would consider the Whitman family.
However, her smiling face immediately froze as Wynter's next words hit her.
"The Montclairs harmed my grandfather. The butler helping the Wray family is also a Montclair." Wynter's voice was light and mocking, as if she was ridiculing Ophelia's naive ambitions.
Wynter continued with a calm, even tone, "Aunt Ophelia, I suppose Cyrus forgot to tell you how I dealt with that butler. Otherwise, you wouldn't be calling me about this.
"Since you've reached out, it's clear you've talked things over with the Montclairs. Please let them know that I will visit Mrs. Montclair Senior once I deal with Kenton.
"After all, I'm quite curious about her thoughts and ives, given how Cyrus turned out under her care." Each word from Wynter seemed to hit Ophelia's nerves. She hadn't expected Wynter to have such audacity!
"Wynter! Do you still have any respect for me? I'm your aunt! I've been married to your uncle for so many years, and you can't even show me basic respect!"*
Wynter casually responded as if she was a carefree scion who never learned to respect her elders, "You literally just said you married my uncle, not me. I have no obligation to indulge you."
"You! Fine! Very well!" Ophelia exclaimed.
###chapter1460
Chapter 1460 Gold Prices Not Dropping
Ophelia slammed the phone down with a sharp bang. She had never felt this enraged in her entire life. After all, she was always taught to act like a refined lady.
Her role was simple after marrying into the Whitman family. All she needed to do was to be the perfect Mrs. Whitman. Hence, to outsiders, she was always the picture of grace and elegance.
But now, here she was, breathing heavily with anger. Even the chauffeur glanced at her in shock.
Ophelia hadn't expected one phone call to bring Wynter in line. However, she definitely wasn't expecting her to be this audacious, either.
Not only was Wynter sharp-tongued, but the way she was warning Ophelia sounded as if she was planning to take the Montclairs down after she dealt with the Wray family.
"She's gone mad! Is she trying to go against the Montclairs? She doesn't know her place!" Ophelia scoffed and couldn't stop her words from slipping out. She looked around her after she spoke before trying to control the fury boiling inside her.
The chauffeur cautiously spoke, 'Ms. Montclair, perhaps it's better to consider the bigger picture. Didn't Mrs Montclair Senior suggest that you could reach out to Ms. Whitman if you couldn't handle Ms. Quinnell?
"After all, you two have known each other since back then. And you've maintained a good relationship with her since marrying into the Whitman family."
"I'll certainly be paying a visit to Marie. I'll ask her how she managed to raise a daughter like that." Ophelia took her purse and stepped into the car. "Bring me to Quaint Villa."
Marie was different from Wynter as the Whitmans had always valued relationships deeply. Knowing that Cyrus had contributed significantly to securing the lad, Marie would never allow Wynter to claim it entirely for herself.
Moreover, the bond between Marie and Noah had always been strong. He had always protected her, not to mention the considerable amount of money he had invested thanks to Shane.
Marie owed them too much. Even if it meant repaying the debt, Ophelia was confident that Marie would ensure the land went to the Montclair family as well.
When faced with great benefits, people often changed, becoming unrecognizable even to themselves.
Ophelia was no exception. If this lucrative project hadn't appeared, she might have maintained the fa?ade of being the "good aunt'.
But the land issue was now a reality, and with the constant instigation from Tamia, Ophelia's perspective shifted further.
It was common knowledge that no matter how perfect a marriage seemed, the involvement of a mother-in- law could twist it into something much darker. This had been true for centuries, without exception
Meanwhile, after hanging up the call, it was clear that Wynter had more in her mind now. She seemed distracted even while eating pizza
Dalton observed her with a slight rise of an eyebrow. He took a slice of pizza and placed it on her plate. Wynter wasn't a picky eater. She ate whatever was on her plate, but her mood was clearly off.
Dalton picked up a napkin and wiped the corner of his mouth. "Do you need me to accompany you back to the Whitman residence?"
"No need. I still need to keep an eye on the stock market today and handle a few more things.' Wynter looked at him, her eyes now sharp. "We can't leave until we take down the Wray family and the capitalists behind them."
The stock market demanded absolute focus. To win this battle of cash flow, Wynter not only had to thoroughly analyze the market but also predict Kenton's every move.
For instance, why did his three stocks rise today? Even though the increase was minimal, it was a trap Wynter had set up last Friday.
At the trading platform, the elderly only saw Wynter hauling a large box of cash to purchase gold. They were oblivious to the fact that earlier that morning, she had further coordinated with Albert.
30 billion dollars was quietly invested in three different stocks, and those stocks were none other than the ones Kenton was still holding.
Then, right as the market opened that afternoon, Wynter's first move was to sell off all three of these stocks. She left not a single cent of her funds in them.
The people who had been following Wynter in trading stocks felt it was a pity. "Boss, the stocks are still going up this afternoon. Are you sure we should sell now? We can wait until Wednesday.'
"No, sell them immediately." Wynter was firm in her decision.
Anyone in her position would hesitate given the potential gains from such a large profit margin. After all, waiting just one day longer could mean an additional billion in profit.
"Invest ten billion into gold after selling." Wynter continued.
At this point, even Albert felt that Wynter's move was somewhat risky. "Wynter, the price of gold has already peaked, and we've already invested ten billion in it. You can hold off on selling, but investing another ten billion... I've never done such a risky investment."
"Albert, you have to believe that miracles happen among the people.'
Albert didn't quite understand what Wynter meant by that. But he knew that the worst scenario for a team. was internal division. At times like this, it was better to follow one person's lead.
So, he decided to invest. Maybe, just maybe, a miracle could indeed happen.
Albert was a finance expert, and he had never been this irrational before. But for some reason, he believed that Wynter's words would come true.
Under such high-pressure circumstances, Wynter couldn't afford any distractions. She needed to ensure that nothing went wrong not just in the stock market, but also various gold shops major malls. There was still much to do tonight.
"We'll get back to work after our meal." Wynter didn't waste any more time. She focused on devouring her food, needing to replenish her energy.
Halfway through, she didn't forget to put some vegetables onto Dalton's plate. 'You're still recovering, so eat something light."
Dalton chuckled. They were already eating pizza, and she was still trying to keep it light.
Wynter's sudden change in mood was because she had thought things through.
Marie was in the Whitman residence. And it seemed that those people had always misunderstood her.
What Wynter needed to do wasn't to worry about what was happening behind her. After all, Marie was a brilliant manager with a talent that even Jacqueline admired. She was sure Marie could handle it when it came to dealing with the Montclair family.
As for Wynter, her task was to make sure that by today, every older folk in the country would know just how attractive gold really was. Then, by the second day, she could just sit back and wait for the stock market to open!
The next day, at the Wrays' office, Kenton and several Chamber members gathered around the office table, eagerly awaiting the market to open.
Having tasted success with the three stocks yesterday, they were confident that their value would rise. Their optimism was sky-high
"The market is opening soon. If nothing goes wrong, gold should drop today. The other three stocks we bought will continue to rise!"
Kenton and his associates awaited the opening time.
As Kenton pressed the confirmation button, the webpage switched to the stock market interface. The Chamber of Commerce members immediately crowded around!
"Mr. Wray, why are gold prices still rising? What's going on?"
"Yeah, Mr. Wray! According to expectations, gold prices should have dropped! Why has it been rising over the past two days?"
Kenton stared at the increasing trend for gold. His previously calmer demeanor now turned to anger once
again.
Just then, Adrien came running in. 'Mr. Wray, we just received news that all gold in Hawford's malls as well as other places has been sold out!
"It's said that there was some insider information leaked by foreign investors. That's why there's a frenzy of buying gold now!" Adrien was out of breath as he relayed the information.
Kenton stood up and slammed his hand on the desk in frustration.
This was supposed to be an unsolvable situation. Why had it suddenly been disrupted? Kenton couldn't understand why his carefully laid trap for Albert had been so thoroughly destroyed.
There was no way for him to retrieve the money he had thrown in this now. He could only wait for all the money he invested to be swallowed up entirely!
Some of the Chamber of Commerce members tried to console Kenton. "Mr. Wray, calm down. The situation is what it is. Let's just check the prices of the other three stocks first. There's still a huge chance to recover the
losses!'
Kenton snapped out of his daze and quickly clicked the mouse.
The results on the screen were devastating for all of them, and it was even more crushing for Kenton. The three stocks that had risen by a dollar yesterday had now plummeted by ten dollars each!
The group was instantly struck with despair.
"I shouldn't have increased the investment! I'm left with nothing now!'
"I did the same! I mortgaged the company and my house to invest more! Look at where we ended up!"
One by one, they sank to the ground, defeated.
Kenton looked at them, his face blank with shock, before he supported himself on the desk. It was a double blow for him. The stock market and the land deal had left him battered and bruised. He felt as if he had aged
years overnight.
His grand scheme to crush his opponents with cash flow had backfired terribly. Not only had he lost money, but he now faced company issues as well. After all, he had invested his entire cash flow into it.
Kenton looked at the members sprawled on the floor. He took a deep breath before speaking, "We're not at rock bottom yet. Take some time to calm down, and I'll figure out a plan. Once you're ready, we'll need to settle this score with someone!"
###chapter1461
Chapter 1461 Aimed to Embarrass
Settle the score? Who should they settle the score with?
The Chamber of Commerce members, now devastated, were most eager to settle scores with the person in front of them. If it weren't for Kenton, they wouldn't have become so fixated on stocks!
The member who had just broken down had abandoned his company's business and spent all his time online. It was all because he had believed Kenton's claim that these three stocks would soar!
However, none of them dared to directly confront Kenton. They could only clench their fists and look down with expressions of rage.
Despite the severe losses, not everything was lost. According to the stock prices, each of the three stocks was still worth six to seven dollars. If they could withdraw now, they might salvage a third of their assets.
But the problem was they couldn't withdraw! They had to wait until Friday to do so!
One of them was still clinging
hope. He looked up and murmured, "The drop today was severe... but maybe
it will bounce back a bit tomorrow."
However, no one responded to this optimistic thought. They all knew that once such a steep drop occurred, it would likely continue for three or four days. Moreover, each stock transaction came with high fees.
Some were already despondent. Unlike Kenton, who still had his company, their funds were tied to their companies' survival. A financial issue could lead directly to bankruptcy.
But Kenton had his own secrets. His face was pale as he glanced at the stock market charts again. Certain matters were best kept from this many people.
Moreover, he anticipated that these people would likely become his problems shortly. With their severe losses, they were no longer in a position to stand by him
Kenton looked at the Chamber members with a facade of concern. 'It's not as dire as it seems. Money can still be earned. You all should go back and wait for news. I'll handle the stock market."
Not everyone believed Kenton's reassurances. However, they had no choice but to leave.
At the very least, the company's operations needed to appear normal. They couldn't let anyone know about their massive losses. Otherwise, their company would see their downfall even quicker.
Yet, as they were leaving, one person said, 'Mr. Wray, we've been through thick and thin together over the years. You won't leave us in the lurch, right?"
"Of course not. What kind of nonsense is that?" Kenton frowned, seemingly angry at the question.
That person took his word for it. "Then I'll wait for your good news, Mr. Wray!"
Kenton waved his hand.
It wasn't until everyone had left that he showed his true feelings. "What the heck was he talking about? Following me through thick and thin over the years?
"They wouldn't even be doing so well in the first place without me! Are they really expecting me to cover for them now that they are back to square one? What a joke."
Adrien walked in just in time to hear this. "Mr. Wray."
"Have Cassian come see me. Tell him I need to discuss something with him," Kenton instructed Adrien. "Also, immediately cut ties with some of our business partners. Those who just walked out, you know who they are.
"If their companies come looking for project payments, delay them as much as possible. We can't support these companies financially anymore."
"Understood." Adrien, although didn't invest, was still involved in the whole stock market scheme. He knew that those from the Chamber of Commerce and Kenton would not be able to pay off their debt.
So, they needed Cassian to come back resolve this issue. Otherwise, Kenton might face serious problems.
Cassian, who was cooking at that moment, received the message from Adrien and saw the news about Kenton's massive losses in the stock market. He didn't bother to respond.
As a finance professional, Cassian knew exactly why Kenton wanted to see him. He had already submitted his resignation, and the company had approved it.
He wasn't foolish enough to return to the company now and take the fall for Kenton. Instead, he needed to prepare for the worst!
As he thought about this, he dropped his cooking and immediately called his wife, Isolde Faye
"Zara? She's still at school. What's wrong with you today? You sound so anxious," Isolde asked through the phone.
Cassian didn't go into details at Isolde's questions. Instead, he instructed her to take leave and come home." Pack your things. We're going to Kingbourne. Our house there is safer.'
Isolde could sense the urgency in his voice. She knew that Cassian had been under a lot of stress recently due to work
Thinking about the Wray family's power and Kenton's ruthless methods, she immediately understood that they needed to leave quickly. Otherwise, their whole family would face danger!
Half an hour later, inside the commercial building, Kenton sat in his chair, no longer the calm and collected figure he usually was
The massive losses from the stock market and the land deal had seriously depleted his resources. Maintaining normal operations would be extremely difficult without additional financial backing.
He repeatedly dialed his overseas investors' numbers, but no one answered. When he finally got through, it was just an assistant.
"I'm sorry, Mr. Wray, but please refrain from calling if you don't have an appointment. The boss is very busy." Kenton's anger reached its peak at the assistant's words. He was here trying to be polite, yet those foreigners were cold as ice!
"Busy? Isn't this the same person who came to Hawford and claimed it to be his second hometown? Didn't he say we were brothers?
"I think you've forgotten how your product got into Cascadia in the first place!' Kenton's voice was thunderous, his rage apparent even to those outside the office.
Adrien was worried about potential gossip and quickly shut the door to prevent the others from hearing the conversation.
Though the assistant on the other end of the line spoke in broken Cascadian, was obvious he was mocking Kenton.
"Mr. Wray, forget our products. Let me remind you-who was it that promised our products would dominate the Cascadian market? Yet, your domestic brands are still here.
"We also have to fix the damage and restore our reputation in Cascadia, which, by the way, we had worked very hard for, thanks to your poor public relations. Do you know how much this has cost us? 20 billion!
"As for the stock market, our boss has a piece of advice for you. Quoting your own words, the stock market is for the smart. If you can't play smart, don't play at all.'
The phone was slammed down with a deafening sound. The assistant had hung up on Kenton.
Kenton, who was always the one scheming against others, was now experiencing the rare and harsh reality of having his own resources pulled away at a critical moment.
Kenton gritted his teeth and was crude with his words. "Fuck those despicable foreign bastards!"
They pulled out as soon as they sensed trouble and left him with no safety net.
At this moment, Adrien leaned in and whispered, 'Mr. Wray, perhaps it's time to play your trump card. If not, we'll be facing a dead end. Not only is all the money gone, but we'll also have to deal with compensation claims from the overseas companies."
Kenton stubbed out his cigar forcefully. 'It's not over yet. Once Cassian gets here, you know what to say. By the time he arrives, his weak spot will be firmly in our grasp."
As Adrien moved to prepare, he suddenly remembered something. "Mr. Wray, there's something else. This recent stock market incident might not be a coincidence.
"Last week, Wynter, along with a man, brought a suitcase full of money to the trading platform and bought a ton of gold shares.
"Then, they gathered a few people at a restaurant for a private meeting. Ever since then, gold has been flying off the shelves at the stores. Could this have something to do with the rise in gold prices?"
Kenton slammed his hand on the desk. "Why didn't you tell me this earlier? Are we slower than her at spreading information online?"
"We only got the information today, and it came directly from Wynter herself. Mr. Wray, there's something
eerie about this woman.
The information hadn't come through their own research but from an email to the company's address sent by Wynter herself that was deliberately timed to arrive today.
The content was a mockingly sarcastic, "Wishing Mr. Wray great fortune."
Adrien didn't dare mention the email's wording to Kenton, fearing it might drive him to madness. After all, Kenton's expression had been murderous the last time Wynter drove her Lamborghini around his office
building.
Adrien did his best to conceal the more delicate information. He whispered, "Mr. Wray, maybe it's best to keep an eye on her."
"What's so special about that girl that I need to waste my time keeping an eye on her? She's just riding on the Quinnell family's coattails! She's nothing but a trickster using cheap tactics! The real problem is probably her
fiancé, Dalton!"
Kenton took a deep breath. "I'll figure out a way to deal with her. Now, explain to me why our information came in slower than hers!"
"The older folks don't really trust online information. They might still click on the website if you're talking about something free... or maybe something related to health or wellness programs. But what we were putting out was too complicated for them.
"Wynter, on the other hand, made a very eye-catching move. And one of the people she targeted was a leader among the elderly groups! Once she spread the word, it spread like wildfire. That's how we ended up in this
situation.
"The person who leaked the insider information thought it wouldn't be a big deal
But in this world, there are no secrets that don't get out. They believed Wynter over us."
spread the information.
Upon hearing this, Kenton clenched his jaw. 'Wynter, oh, Wynter! You've been ruining my plans, one after
another, since you reached Hawford""
Using his trump card to save the Wray family and deal with Wynter and the Whitman family was more than enough, but this was his only chance.
"Deal with Cassian first. Someone has to take the fall for this. If he doesn't cooperate, show him what I can do
to his wife and daughter! Tell Dorian to make a move now!"
Adrien's body stiffened at Kenton's words, but he still replied, "Yes."
However, he couldn't shake his unease and hesitated before offering a cautious reminder, "Mr. Wray, our company's situation will undoubtedly be difficult with the overseas funds cut off.
"If this rise in gold prices is connected to Wynter, I'm afraid the three stocks you and the other CEOS invested
in were deliberately targeted by Albert.
"The sudden spike lured people to invest more. When that happened, they sold all of their shares, causing today's collapse, while gold surged dramatically. Mr. Wray, I suspect this was all a trap set by Wynter." "Her?" It wasn't as if Kenton had never entertained this idea. However, he quickly dismissed it. "She doesn't have the capital to withstand the stock market's waves.
"You need not just money, but experience to manipulate the stock market. Even I needed the support of foreign capital. Right now, there's other people's money tied up in the market.
"Do you think Wynter alone could take on such capital? That is unless the entire Quinnell family is involved. But from what I know, they haven't made a move.
"As for Wynter, you've seen her track record. Sure, she has her lucky moments, but she's clueless about the stock market. At most, it's her fiancé, Dalton, who was giving her some advice.
"But the Yarwood family wouldn't go against their own principles just for her, let alone manipulate the stock
market on such a scale."
Kenton dismissed the idea that the three stocks he invested in had anything to do with Wynter
The spike in gold prices, in his view, was simply the result of Wynter knowing how to manipulate public opinion. But the stock market? That was a whole different game, one not everyone could master.
It wasn't arrogance. He truly believed Wynter couldn't possibly have enough money to influence the market. Even with the potential of the land she had gotten, those funds hadn't yet hit her accounts!
His reasoning was sound, and it calmed Adrien's unease somewhat. Perhaps he had overthought things.
If Wynter truly had the power to control the stock market, there'd be no need for her to bother with the Chamber of Commerce. She'd be a capital powerhouse in her own right.
Clearly, all these thoughts were just his earlier panic speaking. After all, Wynter did have a way of being unnervingly unpredictable.
Wynter was on a call at that moment with Albert, who usually spoke with a businesslike detachment and a
strong commercial presence. His tone had never sounded this emotional. "Wynter, have you seen the gold
prices?"
"I did." Wynter had been keeping an eye on more than just the gold prices.
Albert took a deep breath. "Wynter, outsiders always call me an elite investor who can turn stones into gold.
But I think that description fits you even better. When did you learn about finance?"
The question came unexpectedly.
Wynter didn't see any reason
hide the truth. "When I was with the Yates family. I had nothing much to do
then.
"I was interested in making money even before I was of legal age. So, I tried my hand at the stock market. The person I sent you is a friend of mine."
"Your friend is the most skilled investor in Hawford. No one else knows about this besides me, right?" Albert
said, feeling a mix of pride.
He considered himself superior to his other siblings when it came to his relationship with Wynter. "But Wynter, what kind of friend calls you 'boss' when they talk to you?"
Initially, Wynter had hidden this well. And Albert had always thought of their relationship as a two-way
partnership. After all, the person he was dealing with was well-known in the investment world and was in his
40s.
However, today, the other party let their guard down when he saw the gold price surge and accidentally called Wynter "boss". Albert had frozen for a moment before he quickly realized what this meant and wanted to talk
to Wynter about it.
This conversation made Wynter seem even more pitiable, though it was unintentional on her part. For someone like Albert, who had always wanted to be a good older sibling, it was heart-wrenching to know that Wynter had been making money on her own before she was even of legal age!
Though he had investigated the Yates family, hearing Wynter's side of the story only fueled his imagination.
The first thing he did was transfer ten thousand dollars to Wynter.
"Let's go get something to eat later, Albert said. Wynter was speechless. But it seemed that Albert had always preferred to solve problems with money.
Albert sighed deeply as he sat in front of his computer. "Wynter must have had a really tough time.'
The investor Wynter had sent to Albert stared at him in disbelief. Who did he say was having a hard time? His boss? Wynter, who had made a million on her first venture? Really?
"I'm going to tell Grandpa about this!" Albert's gaze darkened. "Wynter is truly remarkable!"
###chapter1462
Chapter 1462 Fabian's Sorrow
Meanwhile, far away in Kingborune, Fabian was still holding a shareholders' meeting.
The Quinnell family had changed completely from what it used to be. During the meeting, no one spoke of the necessity of cooperating with Foplyanese companies for development. All the remaining shareholders were dedicated to building the business.
Their excitement was palpable at the news of the recent developments in Hawford led by Wynter.
"Mr. Quinnell Senior, my friends in Hawford have informed me that the land that Ms. Quinnell acquired is one of the most highly prioritized development zones by the government in recent years. Will the Quinnell Group be shifting our focus toward that area?'
Fabian didn't deny his speculations. He said with a hearty laugh, "You're absolutely right. The company will officially establish a branch in Hawford next month. As you all know, we started in Hawford. After all these years, it's time to return.'
In the past, it would have been impossible to even consider such a move. Despite being a long-held aspiration for many, reconnecting with a place once left behind was incredibly challenging.
Especially after the issues caused by Shane, the Quinnell Group had lost their foothold in Hawford. Breaking the ice in that area had become a daunting task.
Hawford, as an international metropolis, was a hub of cutting-edge business thinking. It was where domestic and foreign capital clash and learn from each other.
The Quinnell Group's absence from this dynamic environment over the years meant they had fallen significantly behind. But now, they were finally about to make a grand return!
This would not only open up new markets but also present unexpected business opportunities, particularly in overseas ventures and collaborations.
For those committed to practical achievements, the prospect was invigorating. Moreover, their first project could potentially be recorded in history.
Not only were ordinary shareholders excited, but even Fabian had spent a sleepless night at the Quinnell family memorial hall.
Fabian was filled with joy. It was a stark contrast to his thoughts just six months ago. Back then, he had merely hoped to see Wynter again before he passed.
He didn't consider himself a particularly worthy leader of the Quinnell family. With his son's failures and the family's missteps, he felt he had failed his ancestors.
His final, desperate strategy had been to use his death as a shield to protect the Quinnell family for a few more years. Despite a lifetime of integrity and honor, he often felt isolated. He felt that there was no one around him who he could have a heart-to-heart with
Perhaps this had happened a long time ago, but as he navigated through the murky waters of politics and business, he found himself struggling to distinguish between loyalty and deceit.
After every shareholder meeting, he felt as if he were surrounded by enemies, and any misstep could see the Quinnell Group falling into the wrong hands. None of his associates seemed to truly stand by him. His grandchildren each had their own ambitions and lacked a deep understanding of human nature. Although Albert grasped the intricacies of business, their relationship had always been strained.
Fabian had faced his share of sorrow, but he understood that he couldn't afford to be overwhelmed by it. The Quinnell Group needed his presence to stay on the right path.
Despite his efforts to hold on, he felt powerless to change the course of the family's decline. The harsh reality was that he was aging, and some of his old beliefs and strategies no longer fit the modern world.
He had hoped to make things right while he was still around and to bring Wynter back into the fold, supporting her as best as he could.
However, his despair seemed to dissolve with her return. In just a few short months, Wynter had managed to turn things around after her return.
His health improved, and the financial performance of all the subsidiaries under the company soared beyond the previous year's results.
The Quinnell Group's market value surged, which granted them genuine influence in the business arena, even amidst foreign competition! They no longer needed to rely on partnerships with foreign companies or fear being cornered by them!
###chapter1463
Chapter 1463 Goddess of Investment
Although making a breakthrough into the market and gaining recognition overseas was difficult, the Quinnell Group relied on its own technology to achieve it.
The proposal was unanimously passed at the shareholders' meeting. Furthermore, with the Quinnell family's affairs now in order, Wynter's journey to Hawford had paved a new path, fulfilling the long-held dreams of
many.
Fabian truly felt fulfilled. He had no more regrets with such capable grandchildren.
"Wynter did all the things we wanted to accomplish." Fabian didn't say this as a chairman. Instead, he said it as someone who had struggled alongside the other shareholders. He deeply understood what returning to Hawford meant for the Quinnell Group.
How could the shareholders not be thrilled? The entire group felt like they were celebrating a festival. Where else could they find such a great company in today's competitive environment?
Their boss would venture out to expand the business and bring in revenue, while they could simply focus on their work and leave on time. Even during busy seasons, they received triple pay when overtime was needed. In the company, there wasn't a single person who didn't admire Wynter.
Pregnant women received generous maternity leave, and there were no inappropriate bosses or alcohol- drenched business dinners. All of these were ironclad policies Wynter had put in place after her arrival.
Some other companies would try to analyze the Quinnell family's approach with a condescending tone. They often assumed that the Quinnell Group's profit would surely decline with Wynter's management style.
But as it turned out, those analyses were purely nonsense! Setting aside Wynter's extraordinary capabilities, it was clear that her employees wouldn't let her lose.
Plenty of people doubted the Quinnell family in those early days when Wynter first went to Hawford. Now, not only have those critics been proven wrong, but it was as if their humiliation could be heard echoing across the country.
Most people thought that would be the end of it. After all, they were involved in a national development project. What could be more prestigious than that?
Hence, Fabian didn't bother stepping out of the conference room when he received a call from Albert.
Albert was silent for a few seconds when he heard Fabian laugh. "True... nothing can surpass in terms of prestige. But it certainly might when it comes to profit."
"What are you talking about? Your words are contradictory." Fabian didn't immediately end the call as he was in a good mood.
Normally, he wouldn't have answered a call in a conference room. However, today was different. He was curious about the new information Albert had to share.
Albert didn't beat around the bush. "Remember how I told you that Wynter and I planned to invest a little in the stock market?'
"We're all aware of that. It was part of the strategy to divert the Wray family's attention. It was so that they would believe that you've taken the bait." Fabian looked up at the shareholders.
This was a deliberate move that had been discussed by all of them.
Albert, in a rare moment, cleared his throat lightly. "Actually... it wasn't just about diverting attention. It was to invest as well."
Fabian furrowed his brows slightly upon hearing this.
Albert didn't pause as he continued, "Grandpa, you should brace yourself. What I'm about to say might shock everyone. Wynter is a stock market genius.
"She had someone open an account for her before she even turned 18. She could have easily made billions
annually just through investments if she'd had the chance to study finance.
"She wouldn't have even needed to manage the company. She only ended up studying medicine by coincidence."
"What do you mean?" Some of the shareholders, who were still confused, exchanged glances.
Fabian was already beginning to sense that Albert was about to say something significant
Albert finally revealed, 'Wynter and I invested 50 billion in gold. As of now, each gold stock has netted a growth of 20 billion, and the value of gold is still rising."
###chapter1464
Chapter 1464 Well Said
"The international market will have an upward trend as well, given the current trend. Gold will keep rising throughout the week without any drop," Albert added.
50 billion? With each share gaining 20 billion in value?
Everyone in the office gasped in shock.
The magnitude of such growth might be unfathomable for the average person. But those present in the conference room currently were from the business world-they were those with the keenest sense of stock market fluctuations.
This was wealth beyond their wildest dreams!
Albert was aware that the people over the line had the same feelings as him. He continued with a low voice," Grandpa, take your time to process this. Also, ten billion of that 50 billion came from the profits we made off the three stocks the Wrays had bought.
"Some foreign investors are trying to earn our money in the stock market, but Wynter told me they'll end up trapped. They won't be able to sell their stocks even if they want to.
"As for the gold market, they're still trying to lower the gold price, but we'll make sure it stays high. Outsiders don't get to call the shots in Cascadia, not even in a business world tangled with competing interests."
Fabian's hands trembled slightly at Albert's words. 'Was this all said by Wynter?"
"Yes." Albert smiled broadly.
Fabian slammed his hand down on the table and stood up from his chair. He let out a hearty, powerful laugh. "Wonderful! What a move! Forcing them to hold on to worthless stock, unable to sell even if they wanted to! And what a declaration! No outsider gets to call the shots in Cascadia!"
Wynter had never let any of them down. Considering her age, she had already achieved far beyond everyone's expectations.
The shareholders also stood up, visibly excited. They were thrilled, whether from a financial perspective or simply from hearing such inspiring words.
After all, who wouldn't want to encounter a wise leader? Undoubtedly, Wynter was their wise leader!
Before this, they admired Wynter for her business acumen. She had always surprised them with her innovative strategies. But this time, setting aside the financial gains, it was her charisma that truly won them
over.
After all, which company leader would be able to make a profit of 20 dollars per share while also bringing immense wealth to everyone involved?
Earlier criticisms that suggested that Wynter's horoscope would bring misfortune to others now seemed utterly ridiculous!
It was this moment that Wynter had successfully won everyone's acknowledgement. The Quinnell Group's future leader could only be Wynter!
Fabian was truly elated. After all, there was a 20 dollars increase per share and the promise of continued growth.
He was initially still puzzled as to how gold prices were still rising. But he finally understood when he saw the sales figures for the gold store in his own shopping mall after the conference.
Wynter had utilized physical sales nationwide to influence stock prices. Her moves were indeed brilliant! Fabian felt that he needed to boast about it. Just going to the memorial hall wasn't enough, and even the shareholders already knew. After some consideration, he decided to share the news with his old friend in Hawford.
Reuben, who was writing calligraphy, was so surprised that his hands halted on the paper.
Soon, the maids downstairs heard him ask twice, "Did it really increase by 20 dollars per share? Are you sure?" They weren't sure what he was talking about.
The next thing they knew, Reuben put on his reading glasses, wore his tailored suit, and grabbed his watch before asking for his chauffeur. "Come with me to the trading platform."
He left without telling Marie, but it was clear he was in a good mood. One could tell he was happy even just by looking at his back, though no one knew exactly what had happened.
Ophelia arrived at Quaint Villa's main gate the moment Reuben left.
The new butler, Mathias, greeted her respectfully before glancing behind her. "Mrs. Whitman, are you here by yourself?'
###chapter1465
Chapter 1465 Here She Comes
Mathias was a new butler Wynter had brought back from Kingbourne.
His question stemmed from the fact that Ophelia was a Montclair and had never come to Quaint Villa alone before.
Despite her urgency, Ophelia maintained her calm exterior. She was very displeased with Mathias. 'Am I not allowed to come by myself?"
"Of course you are. I spoke out of turn. It's just that Mr. Reuben just left, and I was concerned you might come in vain,' Mathias spoke respectfully.
Ophelia knew she hadn't handled her own matters well, but she wasn't foolish enough to cause trouble for a mere butler. She only wanted to see Marie as soon as possible to discuss urgent matters. It was even more perfect with Reuben away.
"This is my own home. There's no such thing as coming in vain." Ophelia glanced at him. "Where's Marie?" Mathias paused for a moment, his eyes lowering as if he was suppressing something. However, he still responded respectfully, "Ms. Whitman is in the kitchen preparing traditional medicine. I can take you to her." Ophelia waved her hand dismissively. "Go back to your duties. I'll go to her myself."
Her steps quickened as she headed toward the kitchen. It was only a few feet away, and upon reaching the doorway, she called out, "Marie. You still look the same after all these years. It's truly enviable."
Marie turned her head over her shoulder upon hearing her name. 'Oh, it's you, Ophelia. You flatter me. Are you here to see Dad? He just went out for a walk."
Ophelia shook her head. "I'm not here for Dad. I came to see you. It's been so long since we've last met. As your sister-in-law, I figured I should make time to visit you as soon as I heard you were back."
As she spoke, her eyes landed on the stove where a pot of traditional medicine was brewing. A flicker of disdain crossed her face. In her eyes, such tasks were meant for the maids.
She assumed Marie was doing this as she hadn't yet won Reuben's forgiveness, and this bolstered Ophelia's confidence.
Ophelia took Marie's hand. "Marie, let's go sit down and chat for a bit. Forget I'm your sister-in-law for a moment. We're still best friends, after all."
Marie's eyes sharpened slightly as she observed Ophelia's demeanor. It was obvious she had ulterior motives behind her visit.
As their conversation led them to the seating area, they sat side by side
Ophelia poured a cup of tea for Marie before starting her speech. "Marie, do you know how it is to be married into the Whitman family?
"It looks so glamorous from the outside. I could buy whatever I want and do whatever I please. But there's always something missing inside.
"Especially after Cyrus was born, I've been running around trying to manage everything. This whole household is practically held together by me."
Marie gently patted Ophelia's back. 'I understand, Ophelia. It hasn't been easy for you all these years. Noah is always busy with the company, and he doesn't have much time for you. Don't take it to heart, we're all family." Seeing that her words were having the desired effect, Ophelia pressed on and seized the opportunity.
"Marie, you know how it is. Noah and I only have Cyrus. It's natural for us to want to give him the best and help him avoid unnecessary hardships.
"I've been so tied up with family matters. I come over to take care of Dad whenever I have the chance, giving him massages and talking with him.
"Over the years, I've been trying to tell him it wasn't your fault, that you're her daughter and no one can deny that. I've always tried to help ease the tension. But no matter how hard I try, it doesn't seem to make a difference. Marie, I've really tried my best.
Maire offered a tissue to Ophelia for her tears. 'Ophelia, I know you've done a lot for the family and Noah. I understand you."
"I knew you'd understand me." Ophelia lifted her gaze. "Then, I won't beat around the bush any longer, Marie. I wanted to talk to you about the piece of land Wynter secured...."
###chapter1466
Chapter 1466 Bullying Marie
Upon hearing this, Marie's expression remained relatively unchanged. However, her eyes noticeably dimmed.
She didn't even respond to Ophelia's words. She merely picked up the teapot and poured herself a cup of tea. Ophelia had expected Marie to follow her lead and ask a few questions as soon as she brought up the matter. Who would've thought that she would react so indifferently?
This left Ophelia at a loss. This meant that she'd have to swallow her pride if she wanted to bring up the request for the land!
"Marie, I know Wynter is remarkable and has done many great things since coming to Hawford. But this time, Cyrus has put in a lot of effort for the land deal. He ran around tirelessly and hasn't complained about it even once."
She then pretended to wipe away tears. 'Wynter wasn't well-received when she first came to Hawford, and it really hurts to see that.
"I figured that since I couldn't help smooth things over between you and Mr. Reuben, I could at least do my part as Wynter's aunt. I told Cyrus to fully support her and made sure that he would do his best with whatever help Wynter needed.
"But you know Cyrus well, Marie. He's sincere and always puts Wynter first. He never even mentioned a word about this land deal. I, as his mother, had to come on his behalf.
"Cyrus is the Whitman family's eldest grandson. Mr. Reuben would be proud if he succeeded. Money isn't the issue here Cyrus just wants to hear a few words of praise from his grandfather. As his aunt, I'm sure you understand.
"Besides, we're all family. Wynter securing the land and Cyrus being involved would only bring us closer, wouldn't it? Mr. Reuben would be happy to hear that, too."
Ophelia's entire speech, both implicitly and explicitly, was a request for the land. Yet, she still portrayed herself as unconcerned with money, that she was doing all of this solely for the Whitman family.
Marie raised her gaze to look at Ophelia, who wouldn't stop yapping. Her memory of Ophelia had become blurry.
She recalled that in their youth, Ophelia had been the quietest. She was always gentle and had never argued with anyone. She remained the same even after marriage, always putting Noah first in everything.
Was it time that had changed people, or had they simply never seen the truth from the beginning?
With a soft clink, Marie placed her teacup down. Her voice was calm and measured. "But from what Wynter told me, Cyrus decided not to invest even before the policies were announced. Withdrawing at a critical moment is a taboo in business.
"In the end, Wynter had to secure funds from the Quinnell family. If there had been issues with the payment, the land wouldn't have ended up in her hands.'
Ophelia narrowed her eyes upon hearing this. Marie was much harder to deal with than before, but that didn't matter. Since she had come, she was confident she could manipulate the situation.
"Marie, you may know that Cyrus withdrew the investment, but do you know why?" I'm going to be honest with you. I was the one who told him to withdraw." Ophelia squeezed out a few more tears.
She continued, "I was scared. When Shane came to Hawford, he did the same thing as Wynter. He bought land and played with the stock market.
"Shane's connections were from Noah, and the money was fronted by him, too. But when Shane left, it was Noah who had to cover all the losses. Do you know how your brother got through those years?"
Those words pierced directly into Marie's heart. Her hand visibly trembled, and tea spilled onto the table. Seeing this, Ophelia suppressed a smile and maintained a sorrowful expression. "That's why I was afraid. I
was scared that Wynter would end up just like Shane. He's her father, after all.
"I had no choice but to make the decision for Cyrus. I made sure he helped out whatever he could since he wasn't investing
"Who knew the land that Wynter bought turned out to be a perfect choice? I'm genuinely happy for her. But the damage we had sustained back then..
###chapter1467
Chapter 1467 Shameless
Ophelia paused before continuing, "Marie, what's done is done. We can't pretend it never happened.
"Noah... Perhaps, it was something you can't even begin to imagine. But if it weren't for Shane, Cyrus wouldn't have ended up this way.
"Noah was always busy and didn't have time to guide Cyrus. As the Whitman family's eldest grandson, Cyrus still has no real achievement to show.
"Some of the Whitman family's old associates cut ties back when Shane did what he did. Cyrus wouldn't be in this position if those connections had remained."
Marie glanced at the hand that was gripping her wrist. "Rest assured, Ophelia. I won't pretend nothing happened. I'm the one who hates Shane the most, after all."
"Of course, I understand how you feel. Shane is long gone, and hating him isn't going to solve anything. We should focus on how to move forward. It's about time you and your brother resolved the grudge between you two," Ophelia spoke with heartfelt care.
Marie detected the underlying meaning behind Ophelia's words. "How should this grudge be resolved according to you?"
"Isn't the solution right here?" Ophelia gestured to the red mark on the map. "Back then, the rift between you and Noah started with buying land and speculating in the stock market, and even Mr. Reuben was hurt by it.
"Now, this land has come up. The money Noah lost thanks to Shane, with who knows how much interest by now, can be made up by giving Cyrus a share of Wynter's land deal.
"Marie, all you need to do is talk to Wynter and have her give Cyrus a 60 percent stake in the land. With both the Whitman and Montclair families backing the project, any issues that come up will be easily solved.
"Wynter can keep 40 percent of the dividends without having to worry about things. Isn't this a perfect solution for everyone?"
Ophelia smiled and added, 'Marie, you haven't been in Hawford for a long time, so you don't know how complicated these projects have become.
"Sometimes, you even need to attend events where you have to drink. Wynter is a girl, so it's not ideal for her to handle such things.
"With Cyrus taking care of the messy parts, she can just happily collect her share of the profits. Don't worry, I'll do everything I can to mend things between you and Noah."
Marie's expression betrayed no emotions. She simply asked, "Did you say Cyrus gets 60 percent, and Wynter 40 percent?"
"Cyrus will be doing most of the work in the future. Marie, why are you quibbling over this?" Ophelia poured her a cup of tea. "It's just a small matter."
Marie mulled over the words 'small matter", her gaze growing cold. "It seems you've forgotten something. Ophelia, this land belongs to Wynter. If she doesn't share it with Cyrus, there's no question of quibbling over shares in the first place."
She understood clearly that Ophelia was trying to use the rift between her and Noah as leverage to make her ask Wynter to give Cyrus a share of the land.
But Marie hadn't expected the request to be so brazen. Cyrus getting 60 percent, and Wynter 40 percent, with Cyrus calling the shots on future matters?
Marie drank her cup of tea before turning the cup upside down. "Ophelia, I originally intended to leave you some dignity. I can't make this decision on Wynter's behalf. She may be my daughter, but I won't interfere with what she chooses to do.
"Would you still have Cyrus involved if this land deal ended up losing money? I will repay whatever I owe the Whitman family. As for the issues between Noah and I, let him come talk to me himself if he still has
unresolved feelings.
"As for wanting me to ask Wynter for a share of the land on Cyrus' behalf, I can tell you right now-it's not happening."
###chapter1468
Chapter 1468 Threats of Divorce
"I finally understand now! Ophelia, you are not worthy enough to step into the Whitman family!'
Marie stood up right after speaking. It was clear she wasn't planning to show any more courtesy. 'Mr. Mccoy, see her out!"
Ophelia was taken aback. She had never expected Marie to be this harsh!
She was fuming, and her hands trembled as she pointed at Marie, "Me? Not worthy of entering the Whitman family?
"Who's responsible for bringing the family to this state? Isn't it because you married such a wonderful husband? You were the one who dragged the Whitman family down!
"And now you're back here after your divorce! I had good intentions, thinking of harmony for the family, yet this is how you repay me!
"Just you wait! I'll go ask your brother if it's true that I don't belong to the Whitman family!
"Marie Whitman, let me tell you-if I end up divorcing your brother, it will be because of you! You are already married into another family! How dare you still meddle in the Whitman family's affairs?"
Ophelia grabbed her bag and headed for the door, her high heels clicking loudly on the floor.
It seemed that the apple didn't fall far from the tree. Both Wynter and Marie were the same! Since they weren't listening to her, Ophelia was determined to let the people of Hawford be the judge!
She didn't think Marie had the right to stay in the Whitman family. If she wouldn't even give her a piece of the land, then she could leave the Whitman family altogether!
Ophelia's bravado stemmed from her confidence in being able to persuade Noah. She knew her own husband all too well. Just as Tamia had said, threatening divorce was sometimes just another way to manage a family.
In the house, Marie carefully put away the teacup. Her gaze was fixed at a random spot.
She refused to give in because she wouldn't allow anyone to step on Wynter. Yet, Ophelia's words had indeed planted a thorn in her heart.
Mathias seemed lost in thought as he witnessed the scene before him. He was still quite young and was only slightly older than a college student.
Typically, no one would take orders from him. However, since he was from the Quinnell family and specifically selected by Fabian for Wynter, he had a bit of authority.
He went to Wynter the same afternoon and recounted everything that had happened.
Wynter was currently focused on the stock market. After all, the big day was just around the corner.
However, those who knew her understood Marie's significance in her life.
Her eyes grew cold after hearing Mathias' account. She fiddled with a lighter she found somewhere, clicking it open and closed. The flame flickered in the dim light.
She finally spoke up, "I was initially inclined to keep the Montclair family, but it seems there's no longer a need for that. I won't concern myself with how Cyrus feels about it. Send the footage from this afternoon to Uncle Noah and Cyrus.
"Deliver it personally, and tell Uncle Noah that I won't be merciful any longer. If Cyrus tries to intervene, Ill take him down with the rest. I will remind Uncle Noah to manage his son properly."
It was clear Wynter was genuinely angry this time.
"Understood, Ms. Quinnell." Mathias heard the order and set off.
The Montclair family still had no idea of the current situation.
They didn't know anything regarding the Wray family's condition in the stock market, much less how much Wynter had earned. The Montclairs still didn't think a single piece of land could change anything for Wynter They thought that the Whitman family wouldn't dare to fall out with the Montclair family at such a crucial
time.
Tamia couldn't possibly have foreseen the losses Kenton would face. She believed she had come up with a brilliant idea.
She hadn't realized that sending Ophelia to Quaint Villa today would provoke Wynter. This was basically giving themselves a death sentence!
###chapter1469
Chapter 1469 Caring for Her Family
The only person who recognized Wynter as a threat stood elegantly beside her. "Are you planning to sort the Montclair family out? Should I send my men?"
Wynter cast a glance at Dalton and turned down his offer. 'No need for that. I'll take care of it myself."
She didn't want to be cruel, but Tamia was forcing her hand.
Dalton fixed Wynter with a meaningful gaze. "You haven't changed a bit-always putting your family before anything else."
It was the same back when Wynter was part of the sect. She was ready to repay those harming her fellow sectarians tenfold, even if the one threatening them was Dalton himself.
Wynter was puzzled by Dalton's unexpected jealousy. "Who else would I care for if not my family?"
Dalton remained silent, though he flashed a cold smile in return.
Wynter stared at him for a moment before taking his hand. "Come on, be reasonable. You're marrying into the Quinnel family soon, which makes you family, too."
Stunned, Dalton looked at her hand before shifting his gaze to her face, where he found emotions in her eyes that he couldn't quite decipher.
Meanwhile, Noah had stopped working when he received the footage. He remained seated as he peered out of the bustling street from his window. His fists were clenched tightly as he struggled to contain his emotions.
Some time later, he ordered that an email be sent to Cyrus.
It seemed that Cyrus had been garnering plenty of attention. Not only was Wynter concerned about him, but his father had also kept him in mind.
However, Noah had carried such heavy responsibilities for so long that they had changed him. True to his expectations, Ophelia reached out with a message asking him to return home early for a sincere talk
After giving an affirmative reply, Noah lifted his gaze and switched off his phone before calling the legal team. The employees were surprised to learn that Noah, who frequently worked overtime, had decided to leave early. While they suspected it concerned Ophelia, they were puzzled as to why he was seeking out the legal team.
Noah arrived at the villa located east of the city at 5:30 pm. It was unusual for him to return home so early, and a few maids couldn't hide their surprise. They wondered if it was all due to Ophelia's bad mood. Upon seeing Noah, Ophelia rushed over to hug him. "You're back, Noah. I've been feeling really sad." Without a word, Noah stepped to the side and loosened his necktie. Ophelia failed to notice his behavior, having grown accustomed to it whenever he returned home.
"You know that I've dedicated myself entirely to this family over the years. No matter how late you returned from work, warm food was always on the table.
"While I may not be able to help with your company affairs, I've done a lot for Cyrus. He's the Whitman family's eldest child, and he's your son,' Ophelia started
Noah slightly bent down and replied, "I understand your points. Just tell me what you want to say. I'll see what I can do."
Hearing that, Ophelia burst into tears. "You know the land Sevie acquired, right? I thought it was a bad investment and told Cyrus to pull his funds. I never expected it to become profitable!
"But even if Cyrus didn't invest, he deserves credit for his hard work. Without Cyrus' connection, Sevie wouldn't have been able to purchase a single plot of land.
"He worked so hard to get Sevie a good start, yet all Sevie had to do was make the payment. I meant to have
Marie advise Sevie on this, but she told me I'm not worthy of the Whitman family!"
###chapter1470
Chapter 1470 Let's Get a Divorce
"I've dedicated my whole life to the Whitman family since we married. And yet, Marie still treats me like an outsider. I never expected her to say such a thing," Ophelia cried, as if she had been wronged.
Seated on the couch, Noah regarded her with indifference. "Is that all?"
"What do you mean? Are you really going to let me suffer because of your sister? Didn't you hear how she belittled me?" Ophelia was filled with sorrow. She had expected her husband to respond with anger after
hearing her grievances.
Noah lit a cigarette and glanced at her. 'I did. You asked Sevie for her land, but she turned you down. So, you went to Marie, believing she would grant your request. Unfortunately, your plan fell through."
Ophelia was stunned for a moment. Despite Noah stating the truth, she couldn't shake the feeling that he was implying something else.
Noah continued without giving her a chance to respond, 'I won't interfere. The land belongs to Sevie, and Cyrus has nothing to do with this. It's up to Sevie to decide whom to offer it to."
Ophelia turned angry at his words. "What do you mean? Wasn't Cyrus the one seeking the connections? He's your son! As his father, you should be looking out for him.
"Besides, he's going to take over the Whitman family soon. You can let Marie mistreat me, but you should at least think about what's best for Cyrus!"
Noah arched a brow and retorted, "So, do you think I should rob others of their possessions?"
Ophelia was momentarily stunned before flying into a rage. "And who do you think I'm doing all of this for? You've thought about your sister and your dad but never your son!
"All these years, I've held my tongue about you siding with your sister. But if you still choose to disregard me and our son..."
She took a deep breath and continued, "Then I'll have to file for divorce. Think about it."
She should've listened to Tamia and resorted to such a tactic sooner. Men often needed a push to take action. Besides, there was no precedent for a daughter rejoining her family after her marriage.
Ophelia felt she had done her best, never picking fights with anyone. She was the one managing everything in the household. Noah should've recognized her efforts and the importance she held within the family.
As Ophelia turned to head upstairs, she heard Noah speak behind her.
"No need to consider it further. I agree to the divorce," Noah stated calmly, as if he were discussing the weather.
On the other hand, Ophelia was completely dumbfounded. Had Noah really agreed to the divorce? That wasn't what she had anticipated!
Turning around, she saw Noah grabbing his coat as he prepared to leave. Her heels clicked sharply as she raced down the stairs. "Wait, Darling!" she called out, desperate to make him stay.
But it was too late. Noah ignored her and strode out of the house. He climbed into the waiting car and drove away.
Ophelia couldn't catch up to him and ended up twisting her ankle, falling to the ground.
The household staff, hired by Ophelia herself, were powerless to stop Noah from leaving, nor did they dare to intervene. All they could do was help Ophelia to her feet.
At that moment, Ophelia couldn't care less about her injuries and seized the nanny's arm. "Go inform Madam Wooten and tell her to come here quickly!"
She couldn't fathom what had gone wrong. After all, Noah had genuinely cared for her over the years.
###chapter1471
Chapter 1471 She Got What She Wanted
Ophelia was nothing if not diligent, tending to Noah's every need with care. Anyone could see that she was a devoted wife.
She had anticipated Noah to comfort her when she brought up divorce, but he agreed to it instead. Tears streamed down her face as she struggled to grasp the situation. For some reason, she felt an overwhelming sense of anxiety.
Upon hearing the news, Tamia rushed over in such a hurry that she forgot her bag. She turned to her distraught daughter and asked, "What's going on? Why did Noah agree to the divorce?"
As far as Tamia knew, Noah was obliging with Ophelia. Plus, the Whitman family hadn't sought accountability for Easton's incident last time.
Tamia believed that Noah cherished his household and had intervened in the matter before Reuben. It made no sense to her that he would agree to the divorce.
Wiping her tears, Ophelia said sorrowfully, "Perhaps, he's been disappointed in me and the Montclair family after everything that's happened. Or, he might have discovered our plan. I shouldn't have listened to you and asked for a divorce!"
"What we did wouldn't harm the Whitmans' interests. I sent Cyrus abroad to study business so he could be better prepared to take over the Whitman family and bring glory to the Montclairs' name. It's a win-win situation!" Tamia countered
Even now, she continued to brainwash Ophelia and doubted that Noah would genuinely pursue a divorce. Patting Ophelia's hand, Tamia comforted her, 'Dry your tears, Ophelia. You've been together for so long. Noah won't possibly divorce you over something trivial.
"Do you remember when I mentioned you shared a lot of marital property? That includes the Whitman Group's shares. Noah won't simply divorce you without taking that into account. At most, you're just having a lovers' quarrel'
Hearing that, Ophelia stopped her tears. "Is that true?"
Tamia affirmed, "Of course. But you can't push him too hard. There's a way to broach the topic of divorce. I didn't think things through this time and acted hastily. We can't use the same trick again, or it wouldn't turn out well.
"For now, don't mention divorce at all. We'll find another way to deal with the land later. Give Noah a call and try to lighten his mood.
Ophelia swiftly took out her phone to call Noah. Before she could dial the number, her phone started ringing. It was a call from the company! Could it be that Noah called to apologize for his hurtful words?
Ophelia's face lit up with a beaming smile as she answered the call. But instead of the familiar voice she expected, a formal tone greeted her. "Is this Mrs. Whitman? I'm Rodrigo Lacefield from the legal department." Snapping out of her daze, Ophelia replied, "Hello, Rodrigo. What's the matter?"
"Mr. Whitman asked me to deliver the divorce documents to you. I've sent them to your email. Please make sure to check it,' Rodrigo answered.
Ophelia's mind was in a whirl. She could hardly grasp a word he said.
At that moment, she was no longer in her right mind and shrieked, "Did he really prepare the documents so quickly after I mentioned divorce? Has he thought about the consequences? Where's Noah? Let me speak with him!"
###chapter1472
Chapter 1472 Sell Their Shares to the Wrays
Rodrigo stated, 'I'm a representative from the legal department, Mrs. Whitman. Mr. Whitman has entrusted me entirely with handling your divorce matters. If you have any questions, feel free to ask."
With her eyes reddening, Ophelia shot back, "Why should I ask you about our affairs? Get Noah on the line right now! Do you hear-"
Before she could finish her words, Tamia abruptly ended the call and grabbed her shoulder. 'You're a member of the Montclair family, but look at you now!"
"Did you hear that, Mom? Noah actually sought legal advice. He really wants to divorce me!" Ophelia exclaimed with trembling hands.
Tamia looked at her distraught face and stated, "I heard him, which is why I intervened. Noah prepared those documents as soon as you mentioned divorce. I'd say he's been planning this for a while.
"No wonder he didn't ask you anything about the incident at the Whitman residence. He acted caring just to deceive me! If he's treating you this way, then go with the flow.
"I'd like to see if the Whitmans are steadfast in crossing the Monctlair family. Once you're divorced, they won't have full control of the shares!"
"But I don't want a divorce, Mom!" Ophelia cried, gripping Tamia's arm. She deeply regretted bringing up the idea of divorce to Noah
Holding Ophelia's hand, Tamia comforted her, 'I know, but what matters now is keeping your cool in this situation. Remember, the Whitman family can't afford a divorce. Leave everything to me.
"If Noah insists on going through it, he'd have to give up half his wealth and shares to you. There's nothing to fear. Tell me, do you think the Whitman family could retain their glory after losing their shares?'
Ophelia shook her head, seemingly coming to a realization.
Tamia patted her hand and continued, "I'll have someone speak to the Whitmans about the compensation you deserve. We'll take away their shares and sell them to the Wrays. Even if Noah doesn't mind, Mr. Whitman Senior will never allow that!"
Hearing that, Ophelia finally stopped crying. However, she couldn't shake the unease in her heart. Noah's earlier indifference left her questioning if she had truly known him.
"What if Noah insists on a divorce?" she asked.
Tamia cast her a glance and replied, "Then we'll do exactly what he wants! The compensation you'll receive will set you up for a lavish life. Noah will be just a nobody.
"Plus, selling your shares to the Wray family will open up a world of connections for you. The Whitmans will be the only ones left suffering!"
Tamia had already struck a deal with the Wray family for financial gains and connections in exchange for the Whitmans' shares. Her confidence was based on her ignorance of Kenton betting the farm on stocks.
Tamia believed she had a clear insight and assumed a piece of land wouldn't impact the Wray family.
Little did she know that certain truths were kept under wraps. For instance, no one would openly admit to suffering losses in stocks, especially not Kenton's associates.
Those individuals were operating small businesses. If word about their failed investments went out, their businesses would swiftly crumble.
They had been covering for each other while discreetly seeking loans from the bank. If they could just hold on for a month without a cash flow crisis, they might still stay afloat.
Of course, Tamia remained blissfully unaware of that.
###chapter1473
Chapter 1473 Join Forces
Tamia rang Kenton up, just like every other time. It appeared those with mutual interests weren't quick to end their relationships.
At that moment, Kenton was frustrated by his phone's incessant ringing. He slumped in front of the screen, unshaven and weary. Even though the stock market had long since closed, his eyes remained glued to the stock charts.
The bank governors, once on good terms with him, all claimed it was hard to approve his loan and offered only a few million-far from what he needed.
Some even implored him to save them from financial ruin, but he saw their plight as a result of their own poor decisions. To make matters worse, Cassian was still nowhere to be found.
Deeply irritated, Kenton nearly ended the call when he found it was from the Montclairs. However, a sudden thought crossed his mind, and he decided to answer
Tamia wasted no time sharing her troubles. When she mentioned the Whitmans' shareholding, Kenton's eyes instantly lit up. He had no intention of disclosing his financial troubles to the Montclair family-only a few insiders were aware of his predicament.
"Of course, I'm willing to buy the shares at a premium. But are you really giving up on the Whitmans, Mrs. Montclair Senior?' Kenton inquired.
Tamia formed her opinion from what she had been told. "I'm more interested in working with the Wray family rather than the Whitmans. It's time to make a choice. That silent Noah has now learned to bite back.
"Given the Whitman family's current state, they no longer measure up to you. Besides, you have the support of 'that person."
Kenton reveled in the flattering remarks. Tamia was right about the fact that the Whitmans were no match for him. He was just facing a 'small issue" with his finances.
"That person" wouldn't leave him in ruin after he found Cassian and settled the accounts. After all, "that person" still needed him and his scholarship committee. His troubles might only last a couple of days, but the Whitman family was headed for chaos!
Kenton brightened up at the thought, though he kept his words modest. "So, you do know I was only bathing in 'that person's' reflected glory. But since you've decided to work together, what about our previous investment contract?"
"I'll have someone transfer a million to your account later. From this point on, the Montclair family is also aligned with 'that person," Tamia replied, believing she had covered every detail in the conversation.
Little did she know that she had covered the shortfall in Kenton's finances.
Kenton was smiling from ear to ear. "Starting now, we stand as true allies. I'm looking forward to your investments, but I'm more interested in the shares you mentioned."
"Everything will come to fruition. You know better than anyone how long I've been planning this, Kenton," Tamia replied.
In truth, she had been plotting since Ophelia became part of the Whitman family. The Montclair family's benefits were secured as long as the Whitmans treated Ophelia well. In particular, Cyrus' birth as the Whitman family's eldest child further solidified that.
But if the Whitmans mistreated Ophelia, she had the right to claim their shares. When Cyrus grew older, the Montclair family would absorb what remained of the Whitmans.
Indeed, Tamia had schemed the perfect plan.
Unfortunately, she was up against Wynter, who she dismissed as incompetent and thrived solely on luck. With Wynter now a threat to Cyrus' position, Tamia vowed to get rid of her, and the Wrays were the perfect accomplices.
Wynter was busy reviewing the accounts when the news reached her. She had earned quite a bit and needed to sort out her finances. "Did she really threaten Uncle Noah with divorce? The Montclair family really is ridiculous.'
###chapter1474
Chapter 1474 The Montclairs Will Lose
"Mr. Whitman has requested a legal representative to contact the other party," reported an HR employee from the Whitman Group.
In truth, Wynter had planted her subordinates in the company's HR department, but it was her choice whether to put them to use.
She had already been aware of Noah's intention. Ever since uncovering the Montclairs' betrayal and Easton's misdeeds, Noah had been making arrangements.
Wynter understood that he wanted to end things with Ophelia peacefully-they were once husband and wife, after all.
Noah did give Ophelia a second chance, but the Montclair family refused to acknowledge their faults. They offered no apologies for Easton's misdeeds, treating the incident as if it were entirely justified.
And then there was Cyrus, who they had raised to be a failure. When Ophelia pushed Cyrus to pull his funds, Noah made his decision.
"Mrs. Montclair Senior covets my uncle's shares, but that's only possible if there's any left in his name." Wynter smirked. She seemed less like a righteous woman and more like a beautiful, intimidating villain.
Dalton shot her a calm look, noting that she still resembled a villain despite the passing years. Wynter caught his gaze and blinked, wondering if something was wrong.
Without a word, Dalton scooped a forkful of cheesecake and fed it to her. As for Wynter, she sluggishly chewed on the fork.
The HR employee didn't expect to witness the usual dynamic between Wynter and Dalton. Having faced numerous situations in recruitment, she ignored it and cleared her throat softly. "Are you saying that Mr. Whitman has been planning this for a while?"
Wynter nodded affirmatively. As someone overseeing the company, Noah was no pushover
After his marriage, he respected his wife and relented on trivial matters. However, the Montclairs misinterpreted his sense of responsibility as a sign that he was easily manipulated.
While the Whitman family was loyal, they had their limits. In fact, Noah didn't agree to the divorce on a whim. All those years, he had prioritized Cyrus' feelings over the Montclairs.
Yet, the Montclair family had made a ruthless decision. Once the truth came to light, Cyrus would find himself in a precarious situation.
"I've wrapped up my work for today. Since Uncle Noah has reached out through a legal representative, there's no need to hide certain truths. Let's take this back to him," Wynter said, planning to bring some memories from the old Quinnell residence along.
The Montclairs were convinced that Reuben would panic upon learning that the divorce would split the Whitmans' shares. But not only had they misjudged Reuben, but they had also underestimated Wynter's payback.
"Are you coming?" Wynter directed her question at Dalton, who simply nodded.
He wasn't particularly fond of sweets and chose a cup of coffee instead, yet he seemed quite skilled in feeding others. Wynter was puzzled and couldn't help stealing glances at him in the car.
Feeling her gaze's weight, Dalton ended his call and turned to her. "You've been staring at me for a while. What do you want?'
"I'm just curious. You seem used to feeding others. Aren't you the one who should be served?' Wynter asked as she sized him up.
Setting his business laptop aside, Dalton met her eyes. "It's nice to play a different role once in a while. That said, your phone has been ringing for quite some time, my dear fiancée. It's time to take some orders, Goldie Quinnell."
True to his words, Wynter did have a special ringtone for special orders.
###chapter1475
Chapter 1475 I Respect My Dad's Decision
As Wynterd had been declining requests lately, she hung up the call.
Dalton stared at her and asked, "Goldie Quinnell.. Did you choose that name yourself?"
"That's right. It suits me, don't you think?" Wynter replied with a hint of pride in her tone. She chose to confess since Dalton had overheard the ringtone. Besides, she wasn't lying about her wealth.
Dalton couldn't understand Wynter's smugness before, but now he simply raised an eyebrow and went along with her. "If that makes you happy, my dear fiancée.
Wynter was visibly thrilled, especially since she made a significant profit. Plus, Noah's decisiveness had eased many of her worries. After all, she had always found personal favors distasteful.
Since arriving in Hawford, she had been hunting for clues. Upon realizing that the misunderstanding between the Whitmans and Quinnells was due to outside interference, she turned her attention to the Montclair family.
Wynter doubted that the Montclairs were all innocent, especially Tamia. Having lived a longer life, she likely held information that others were unaware of. However, Wynter knew she couldn't circumvent Noah to confront the Montclair family.
If Noah chose to overlook the Montclairs' misdeeds for the sake of family peace, Wynter might need some time to resolve matters. Fortunately, he always stood by his family, just as Marie claimed.
The Whitman legacy was still intact. What was right would remain right, and what was wrong would remain wrong.
Even so, Tamia believed she was blameless and sought an explanation from Reuben. After the call with Kenton, she took Ophelia to the Whitman residence.
Meanwhile, Cyrus was practicing calligraphy with Reuben in the study. The two rarely shared such a close bond, though the mood was anything but relaxed, all because of Noah and Ophelia's impending divorce. Reuben glanced at Cyrus and asked, "Did your father tell you about his decision?"
Cyrus nodded slowly, seemingly lost in thought. He couldn't quite figure out his current feelings. By all rights, he should've opposed his parents' divorce. However, Noah had sent him footage showing Ophelia demanding the land from Marie.
Despite the land rightfully belonging to Wynter, Cyrus heard Ophelia asking for a larger share and insisting Wynter be removed from the project.
A lot of things had happened in the past few days. Even though Cyrus knew that Ophelia and Tamia weren't as gentle as they appeared, he couldn't help feeling disheartened at the sight of their disgraceful behavior.
With a bitter smile, Cyrus replied, "I respect my dad's decision. This might sound harsh to Mom, but if I were in his shoes, I'd probably file for a divorce, too. Grandpa, can you please not make Mom's words public, for my sake?'
"Don't worry, I won't do that. Sevie sent that footage to Noah, and your dad shared it with you. This means neither of them wants to disclose it. The Whitman family won't resort to such tricks to protect our shares.
"Noah is the eldest son in the family and your dad. He'll take your feelings into account and won't back Ophelia into a corner. Reuben sighed as he caressed Cyrus' head.
Clenching his fists, Cyrus attempted to refute when Reuben casually cut him off. "The Whitmans won't make things hard for partners they've spent years with-unless the Montclairs keep stirring troubles."
Just as Reuben finished speaking, a loud commotion sounded from the hall downstairs.
###chapter1476
Chapter 1476 Why Are You Listening to Her
"Please calm down, Mrs. Montclair Senior. Watch your step!" Mathias exclaimed, alerting Reuben of Tamia's arrival just in time. Reuben cast a glance at Cyrus, who furrowed his brows and clenched his fists.
With a haughty demeanor, Tamia looked up at the upper floor and yelled, 'Are you seriously considering cutting our ties? Not a single person has come to greet me! The way the Whitmans welcome their guests is quite something to behold."
"What kind of welcome do you expect?' Reuben retorted as he appeared on the upper floor, with Cyrus following behind.
When Tamia spotted Cyrus, her eyes turned red. "What are you doing here, Cyrus? We've been looking everywhere for you!"
It was a blatant lie. Deep down, Cyrus knew whether they had actually searched for him.
Ophelia was surprised to see Cyrus there. She never expected him to be at the Whitman residence and form a close bond with Reuben. To Ophelia, it was nothing short of a betrayal.
"Get over here, Cyrus! Grandma has something to discuss with Mr. Reuben," Ophelia ordered as she struggled to suppress the anger within. Was Cyrus even aware of the pain she endured to give birth to him?
"What kind of discussion requires my absence?' Cyrus stood his ground, starting to realize that he knew too little.
Ophelia was infuriated by Cyrus' defiance. She couldn't understand why her obedient son suddenly defied her. At that moment, Tamia held her hand and looked at her sternly. "Cyrus has a point. He's a big boy now, and there are things he needs to know."
In truth, Tamia had planned to intimidate the Whitmans. With Cyrus present, she hoped he would turn against Noah and the entire Whitman family while forging a stronger bond with the Montclairs.
Ophelia gazed at Tamia in confusion, but the latter shot her a look. She had always listened to Tamia despite her hesitation, even now.
Tamia then turned her gaze to the upper floor and let out a deep sigh, seemingly disheartened.
"There's been a major change in the family while you were away these past two days. Your dad wants to divorce your mom, and I came for an explanation."
Tamia continued the story with such vividness, as though she were denouncing an unfaithful husband. Ophelia has dedicated her life to the Whitman family, yet Noah asked for a divorce without a clear reason.
"I understand women may struggle to keep their husbands' love as they get older. With Noah being a listed company's CEO, many women are certainly eager to pursue him. But I never expect him to...
"That's enough! Aren't you tired of using the same old tricks?" Cyrus rebuked, unable to listen any longer. He glared at Tamia, clenching his fists so tightly that they turned red.
Tamia was utterly dumbfounded while Ophelia broke away from her tears in shock. She never imagined Cyrus would say such a thing.
Panic gripped Ophelia for a brief moment as she attempted to reach for his hand. "What's the matter, Cyrus?" But Cyrus pulled away, looking at Ophelia with a self-deprecating laugh. "You've been slandering Grandpa since I was a kid. Now that I've grown up, you turn to defaming Dad just because he threatened your interests.
"I don't understand, Mom. You're his wife. Why can't you just live your life in peace? Why do you hang onto every word Grandma says?"
###chapter1477
Chapter 1477 Cyrus' Regrets
"Why are you letting Grandma interfere in your marriage? Just why?' Cyrus shouted.
Startled by his sudden outburst, Ophelia scrambled for an excuse. "Mr. Reuben told you something, didn't he? Don't listen to him! He's not keen on seeing you growing closer to the Montclairs."
Cyrus laughed bitterly at her words, pointing at himself. "That's the most ridiculous joke I've ever heard, Mom. Look at me. I've accomplished nothing, and my grades are a disaster.
"Do you think I could have graduated without the family's financial support? You know better than anyone how mediocre I am.
"I'm so mediocre that I don't even fit in with the Whitman family! I'm dumb and pathetic. I don't possess the big-picture mindset like Dad or Uncle Taylor's business acumen.
"Compared to Wynter and her brothers, I'm just a total loser! Who would ever want to get close to someone like me?' Cyrus exclaimed with reddened eyes.
His heart still stung when he recalled how he nearly destroyed the Whitman family under the Wrays' influence
Reuben felt distressed hearing Cyrus put himself down, yet he struggled to find the right words of comfort. It appeared Cyrus had been bottling up his feelings for far too long. No child was willing to admit their mother's contemptibility, but the harsh reality had shattered Cyrus' worldview.
Cyrus composed himself and glanced at Tamia. "I'm pretty sure you brought up the divorce first, Mom. And I reckon Grandma instigated this."
Ophelia turned pale at his remarks, but Tamia seemed reposed as if a weight had been lifted off her mind. While Tamia had intended to shift the blame to Noah, that now seemed to be a difficult case.
Taking a step forward, Tamia clutched her cane tightly and asked, "Have you already figured out about your parents' discord, Cyrus? It sounds like you're planning to take your dad's side."
Never in her wildest dream did she expect that Cyrus, who she had painstakingly raised, would side with the Whitmans in just a matter of days. Ever since he followed Wynter to work, he gradually slipped from her grasp.
Tamia assumed he would settle down after a few days of confinement, but she never expected him to turn against her. Without Cyrus, things were bound to be more difficult in the future. At that point, she had no other way out.
Forcing herself to remain calm, Tamia stated, "I don't blame you for misunderstanding my intentions, but I'll always stand by Ophelia. I won't let anyone wrong her."
"Only my mom would believe your words. She's used to being your puppet, but not me. I have my own life and know what's right and wrong!" Cyrus snorted coldly, seemingly matured overnight.
Unable to stand Cyrus' defiance, Ophelia rebuked, "Have you gone mad, Cyrus? How can you speak to your grandma like that? She raised you! When you said you wanted to study abroad, she arranged for you to receive the best education!"
Cyrus jabbed a trembling finger at his chest and roared, "Did I ever ask for it? You all told me that studying abroad would be easier and that it wouldn't matter if I didn't learn much. After all, I'm the Whitman family's eldest grandchild, and the Montclairs would back me up.
"That was what Grandma taught me. I admit she had a point, but let me ask this-did she really do it for my sake, or was it all about the Montclair family? I'm not a fool!"
###chapter1478
Chapter 1478 Wynter Has Arrived
Ophelia's eyes grew wide, and she could barely stay on her feet. On the other hand, Tamia remained impassive. Some elders grew fond of the young ones as they aged, but others became increasingly self-centered.
Since Cyrus would no longer heed her words, Tamia decided to discuss the matter more pragmatically. "To think you'd pull such a scheme. My poor grandson was beguiled and has come to loathe me

suppose the Whitmans have chosen to sever our ties. Well, let's see how you'll survive without the Montclairs."
She turned to Reuben and continued, 'Ophelia will sign the divorce papers, but she has the right to half of the marital property. I trust the Whitman family won't be so shameless as to offer nothing in return for the divorce.'
Cyrus abruptly lifted his head, realizing that Tamia was demanding the Whitman family's shares. But that wasn't all-the marital property also included the company where Noah held a stake.
Cyrus instinctively looked at Reuben, whose expression was far from pleased.
A shareholding carried significant weight in the company. If Noah and Ophelia were truly divorced, the Montclair family would be entitled to half of the Whitmans' assets.
Clenching his fists, Cyrus ignored Tamia and approached Ophelia. 'Did you plan to take away Dad's shares as well?"
When Ophelia hesitated, Tamia whispered in her ears, "You've seen how Cyrus treats you. Like father, like son. They're all an ungrateful bunch! You won't get anything without claiming those shares.
There was no doubt Ophelia would demand the shares. She couldn't simply let the Whitman family walk away without claiming anything. Since Noah insisted on the divorce, she was ready to show him the consequences of his actions.
With newfound confidence, Ophelia gazed at Cyrus and replied, "I'm legally entitled to my share of the marital property. Blame your dad for prioritizing the Whitman family without considering the Montclairs.
"We could've remained a happy family, but he chose Marie's side and refused to give you the piece of land. I can't stand him anymore."
At that point, Ophelia no longer held back her feelings and directly confronted Reuben. "I know you don't like me, Mr. Reuben. You've always been against me since my marriage.
"Even when I bore a son for the family, you treated him less favorably than your granddaughter. But now, I'm divorced.
"The Whitman family has wasted my youth. If you refuse to give me my share, you might find your names trending soon. Everyone will know how awful the values upheld by the Whitman family truly are.
"You should be aware there's a serious gender conflict in today's society. Everyone will only sympathize with a divorced woman like me.'
Cyrus was so furious that he felt a sharp pain in his chest. He couldn't believe Ophelia and Tamia dared to attempt seizing the Whitman family's shares through marriage laws and public opinion.
Before he could refute her, a soft chuckle sounded from behind. "You can go ahead and try what you suggested, Aunt Ophelia.'
It was none other than Wynter, appearing rather weary. Her eyelids slightly drooped, and the reddish tint at the corner of her eyes lent her an alluringly wicked look.
For some reason, Ophelia felt a shiver running down her spine at Wynter's calling. It was as if she had been targeted by a snake.
###chapter1479
Chapter 1479 Send the Montclairs Behind Bars Too
Standing downstairs was Wynter in a suit. She exuded both masculine and feminine energy. Though clearly a young woman, she exuded a cold, mischievous energy.
Her eyes were very dark, and when she looked at people, it didn't seem like she was looking at a living being.
This Tamia's first time being this close to Wynter. She took a step back instinctively, as if she had just encountered a harbinger of misfortune.
Wynter approached with perfect manners. She seemed almost as if she were a respectful youngster greeting her elders if it weren't for the dagger she was holding.
She raised an eyebrow casually and said to Ophelia, 'I remember everything you said to my mother."
Then, turning her gaze to Tamia, she added, "It seems Mrs. Montclair Senior isn't aware of the recent happenings in Hawford. But don't worry, you'll find out soon enough. Since you've come today, it saves me a trip to the Montclair residence.'
From the moment Wynter appeared, Tamia hadn't taken her eyes off her face. She could tell Wynter wasn't one to be easily dealt with.
With a cold smirk, she said, 'From now on, the Montclair and Whitman families have nothing to do with each other. There's no need to go back and forth. That's all I have to say. Ophelia, we're leaving."
At this moment, Ophelia's greatest resentment was directed at Wynter. She had tried to convince herself that this child was Noah's niece, and she shouldn't show her displeasure. That was why her tone was especially affectionate every time she called her.
But from the moment Wynter was born, she had stolen all the attention that should have belonged to Cyrus. Now that she was in Hawford, she was stealing again. The hatred buried since long ago had finally erupted.
"Your father got your horoscope right-you really are a curse. Just like him, you bring misfortune to everyone around you!' Ophelia's eyes were filled with envy as she walked past Wynter.
She continued, "Your mother was sick because of you, and I've heard that you're the one who sent your father to prison.
"It was no wonder the Quinnell and the Whitman families have both fallen to such a miserable state! After all, they have a granddaughter like you!"
Reuben had kept his composure throughout the argument. But the moment Ophelia said this, a flash of anger crossed his face, and he was about to step forward.
But Wynter stopped him. She knew that Reuben's health couldn't handle stress, let alone a confrontation. She turned to Ophelia and suddenly chuckled. "Since you've heard that I sent my father to prison, you should be more careful.
"After all, my father will not be the only one I send in. The same goes for you. I can send the Montclairs behind bars, too."
Ophelia wasn't going to take Wynter's words seriously. She wondered who Wynter thought she was. Did she really think she could just send anyone to prison in Hawford? The Montclairs' connections in Hawford were far beyond what Wynter could even imagine.
Tamia merely gave Wynter a cold glance. Things had escalated with the Whitman family to an extent she hadn't foreseen.
Her original intention was merely to exert some control over the Whitman family. But now that it had come to this, she would definitely use all their connections as needed!
Ophelia's only thought now was to see Wynter in adversities and to witness the Whitman family's regret.
Noah might have agreed to the divorce, but when the time came, she would make him beg for her forgiveness in front of everyone!
With a mother like Tamia, no matter how virtuous Ophelia had pretended to be in the past, the traits ingrained in her true nature were not going to change.
Her initial excuse of using Cyrus as a cover to justify her actions had long since dissolved. Ophelia constantly claimed that her efforts with the land deal were all for Cyrus. But in reality, it was all about herself.
By securing this success, she could hold her head high within the Montclair family, and others would finally respect her.
###chapter1480
Chapter 1480 Have Your Tongue Ripped Out
After all, Ophelia's methods of marrying Noah had never been something she could openly boast about. Her pride she desperately wanted to save could only be redeemed through Cyrus' success. Now, all she had her sights set on were the company's shares.
A mother who truly loved her child would fight for custody during a divorce. But Ophelia left without hesitation, her mind fixated not on Cyrus but on her growing resentment toward Wynter. She didn't even consider taking Cyrus with her.
Just as Cyrus had said he wasn't stupid. Even if there had been things he didn't understand before, everything became crystal clear after today's confrontation. Ophelia carried the same blood as Tamia.
He used to think Ophelia's indecision was due to Tamia's manipulation. But now he realized that no amount of persuasion would have worked if she didn't have those thoughts herself.
Over the years, Ophelia had always followed Tamia's lead because, deep down, they were fundamentally the
same.
The venomous words she spoke about Wynter sounded like a curse dripping with malice.
Cyrus glanced sideways at Wynter. An apology instinctively formed in his mind again, but he quickly dismissed it. What Ophelia had done wasn't something a simple apology could fix.
Those words spoken by Ophelia would undoubtedly hurt anyone's feelings. However, Wynter was still talking about sending the Montclairs to prison.
Ophelia helped Tamia out of Quaint Villa.
As they walked out, they met Dalton, who was standing by the door. He had a phone conference and hence, didn't enter with Wynter. However, he had heard everything clearly.
He stood there with emotionless eyes. His gaze landed on Ophelia's face. "Those who spread malicious gossip will go to the first level of hell. You will have your tongue ripped out."
Ophelia had met Dalton before. But when he spoke those words, the sky darkened all of a sudden. Her face turned pale instantly, as if life had been drained from her. She trembled and gripped Tamia's hand tightly.
Tamia sneered. "Nonsense. The Yarwood family are businessmen, yet you believe in such superstitions. If hell exists, then show it to me when the time comes."
It was true-Tamia feared nothing. Her confidence remained unshaken even as the clouds above churned ominously.
Dalton's gaze remained calm. He adjusted his sleeve and, without even looking directly at them, said, "Your days are indeed numbered. I won't even need to act. Just make sure my message is clear to those below."
The pebbles on the ground seemed to tremble slightly. It was as if the earth itself was acknowledging his command. No one would dare defy his will.
Ophelia was still trembling when she got into the car, and her forehead was heating up. But she still hadn't forgotten her goal.
"Mom, I have to get those shares from the Whitmans!" At this point, she had no other way out.
Tamia patted her hand reassuringly. 'Don't worry. No matter how big the Whitman family is, they can't escape the law. The method you mentioned earlier is good. We'll proceed with that plan."
Ophelia clenched her fists. "There's one more thing! Mom, ask Mr. Wray when we can finally crush that bitch! I want her to end up with nothing!"
"It'll be soon." Tamia's eyes glinted with cunningness. "It should happen in about two to three days. I heard that the Wray family had set a trap for the Quinnell family, with foreign investors involved. No matter how sly that girl is, she'll be stripped bare!"
Tamia scoffed at the idea that Wynter thought she could send the Montclairs behind bars. Even the Whitman
family wouldn't dare to have that thought. Yet, this mere girl dared to get ahead of herself.
The Montclair family had roots just as deep as the Whitman family. With her connections in Hawford, Tamia was confident she could crush Wynter with just a few strategic moves.
Tamia had no intentions of revealing her cards just yet. She had to secure the shares first!
###chapter1481
Chapter 1481 No Longer Part of the Montclairs
The sudden cawing of a crow outside the car set Tamia on edge. She fidgeted with the beaded bracelet in her hands faster. "The Whitman family is truly doomed to fail! They are inviting such ominous signs in broad daylight!""
Ophelia glanced out the window, feeling an unsettling chill from the crow. She hurriedly ordered the chauffeur to drive faster.
Tamia commanded, 'Ophelia, you should pursue what you want. The Whitman family may have their legal team, but we have ours as well. Remember, just follow the lawyer's instructions. Don't say anything more than that.
"And I recall you mentioning how Noah always came home late. He was always outside socializing.' Tamia lowered her gaze before continuing, "That's something we can leverage.
"But he hasn't mistreated me..." Ophelia began to hesitate again.
Tamia fixed her with a steely look. "You will benefit from public opinion only when he appears to have wronged you. This will be something we can exploit."
Ophelia slowly nodded under that intense gaze. 'I'll see what I can do."
"Good. The Wray family's projects involve us. Since you've decided to divorce, the Whitman family will have nothing to do with you any longer.
"As for that grandson of mine, he's practically begging to send us behind bars. We don't need him anymore." Tamia believed that children who refused to listen were nothing more than mere traitors.
"I'll use all my connections,' Tamia continued, believing she had thought of all the potential possibilities and was confident in all her strategies.
She had no idea that her freedom to act so boldly stemmed from Wynter's plan to sweep them all out in one go. Wynter wanted Tamia to lure more of her people out.
The crow was a Savior and could sense the scent of death. He usually spared a mere passing glance for those who were nearing their end.
He settled on Dalton's shoulder, and his dark feathers fell silently. No one but Dalton knew what he had said. "Got it." Dalton's handsome profile remained impassive as he flicked a gemstone into the air with his long, pale fingers. "Keep watching."
The crow snatched the gemstone midair and cawed. 'My lord, one of them cursed Ms. Quinnell earlier, and you got mad."
Dalton lifted an eyelid, his expression unchanged. 'Which eyes of yours saw me getting mad?"
Was he really not mad? But the underworld was practically having an earthquake earlier. He even arranged for them to have their tongues ripped off in hell. They would surely face a grim end.
"It's good you didn't get mad. But my lord, your soul's presence is becoming more pronounced. Maybe you should keep your distance from Ms. Quinnel for the time being."
The crow had a nagging feeling that something would go awry. The biggest concern was that Wynter might recall Dalton from her past life. This would disrupt the fragile harmony they maintained.
Up until now, the crow was still confused as to how Dalton would deal with Wynter, especially after his soul was whole again.
Would he still be the same? That seemed unlikely. The crow couldn't make sense of it all.
Meanwhile, Dalton had already stepped through the door.
In Quaint Villa's living room, Cyrus was visibly down. Wynter, on the other hand, didn't think much of it. She was only there to deliver things to Noah and also hoping she could get a good meal as she was starving.
Encountering the Montclair family was a mere coincidence, but it prompted her to make a decision.
Since Cyrus would need to know the truth anyway, it was better for him to see it for himself rather than hearing it from others. Hence, Wynter shared some of the information from years ago regarding the Montclairs with him.
Cyrus blinked for a few moments before taking a deep breath. 'Wynter, from now on, you can deal with the Montclair family however you want. Don't worry about me."
###chapter1482
Chapter 1482 Proceed With the Plan
Wynter put away her phone as her gaze settled on Cyrus. "Alright, got it."
Dealing with the Montclair family would indeed be faster if she didn't need to worry about Cyrus, but Wynter still had to ask, "Does Grandpa agree?"
"Don't tell him. Grandpa has always been protecting me, and that's why he wasn't ruthless enough." Cyrus lifted his gaze. "You're the same. I understand."
If they didn't care about him, Tamia wouldn't even have had the chance to meddle.
Wynter twirled the USB drive in her fingers. "It's not just for you. My methods don't always align with the Whitmans' teachings."
"I'm just a child born out of schemes. But Wynter, I'm grateful to have been born into the Whitman family." Cyrus had indeed grown. In the past, knowing all of this would have devastated him and filled his head with countless other thoughts.
Now, he had a new sense of resilience. "Do what you need to. But don't tell Grandpa-he wouldn't want this." "You're just like him." Wynter chuckled lightly as she stood up and stretched lazily.
Cyrus was puzzled. "Like him? Who?"
"Your father when he was younger." Wynter patted his shoulder. "Cyrus, I'm rooting for you. Keep growing, and who knows? Maybe one day, I'll be the one asking you for help."
Cyrus thought it was impossible. How could someone as capable as Wynter ever need his help?
But no one had ever told him he resembled Noah before, and for some reason, that filled him with a newfound determination. He quickly shook off the dejection he had felt earlier.
As a seer, Wynter could predict many things. But that wasn't true when it came to her own family. The closer someone was to her, the more blurred their future became.
Yet, weirdly enough, Cyrus seemed to be beyond any of her plans. In him, she saw vitality-her own path to survival...
Wynter's thoughts drifted to that formation she had encountered before as she gazed out the window. Her eyes briefly passed over her impeccably dressed fiancé.
Dalton was like a character straight out of a comic book. On the surface, he was courteous, dignified, and breathtakingly handsome. Yet, in reality, he was full of hidden dangerous secrets. With a face like that, it was easy for anyone to fall for his trap.
Wynter shook her head as she thought about it.
Seemingly noticing her gaze, Dalton, who was drinking tea with Reuben, lifted his gaze toward her.
From Wynter's angle, his lashes seemed almost excessively long. When the crow's black feathers fell around him, they only made his pale complexion even fairer. A dimple formed at the corner of his lips when he smiled at her.
This sight itself turned the entire garden, including the blooming roses, into mere backdrops for his presence. "Atwater has read my fortunes plenty of times. I wonder if he ever foresaw me falling for a beauty," Wynter muttered under her breath, tearing her gaze away from Dalton.
She reached out and plucked a mint leaf to cool herself down as if trying to ward off the heat she felt. After all, she couldn't allow a mere beauty to keep her distracted.
Cyrus didn't understand what she was muttering about. 'Fortune telling?"
"It's nothing important." Wynter refocused her gaze on Cyrus. "We will be pulling back all the bait tomorrow. Go help Uncle Noah. I'm worried he'll go too soft if he's concerned about you."
Hawford was indeed different. She needed to resolve things quickly.
Meanwhile, in the commercial building, Kenton had not left his office for quite some time. The pressure of robbing Peter to pay Paul was starting to take its toll. But if he didn't do so, the cracks in the company's financial chain would soon be exposed.
He was still waiting for a turnaround, his bloodshot eyes more desperate than ever. To make matters worse, one of the subsidiary companies was now facing trouble.
"Mr. Wray, we need to make a decision. They're waiting on the funds, or else we'll have no choice but to shut it down."
Kenton closed the proposal letter. "Then shut it down. It never made a profit anyway and was just to take up market shares. They all come to me for money, so we might as well close it."
Adrien didn't say anything but knew all too well that shutting down the subsidiary was not an option. Reducing their market share would spell bankruptcy for the entire company.
But he was too afraid to voice his opinion. After all, it was obvious Kenton wasn't in the mood to listen
anymore.
Meanwhile, Tamia was still under the illusion that the Wray family was financially robust. She never considered the possibility that the money she had invested might be at risk.
She summoned the lawyers. "I don't care what you have to do-help my daughter get those shares. The Montclair family won't reconcile with the Whitman family.
"If they refuse, we'll take them to court for divorce. Scandals like this will impact Whitman Group's valuation." "But, Mrs. Montclair Senior, such a mutually destructive approach may not be advisable. A private settlement would be more beneficial for both parties," the lawyer cautiously advised.
After all, he knew that the Whitman family wouldn't take this lying down. A public legal battle could damage the Montclair family as well.
Tamia merely smiled, a trace of disdain in her expression. "The Whitman family will be too busy with their own problems starting tomorrow. Noah's mistress will soon be facing public scrutiny."
"Mr. Whitman has a mistress?" The lawyer's eyes widened. 'Do you have any evidence?"
Tamia fiddled with her beaded bracelet. "It's not too difficult to obtain evidence if I want to. All you need to do is focus on winning the case. I'll handle everything else."
The Montclair family had been through situations like this too many times. Hence, naturally, Tamia didn't think anything would happen.
However, the Wray family that she had relied on was exposed the very next day for having a financial shortfall! "Wray Group is such a massive company, yet they have been delaying payment for a long time!' someone reported.
Everyone's first reaction upon hearing the news was to think it was impossible. But it wasn't a lie.
At that moment, the construction teams had already approached Wray Group. After all, they were desperate for payment as they had families to support, and their outstanding balances were never settled.
Construction workers were in one of the most difficult trades at the time. Looking back, during the real estate boom, none of the workers ever seemed to make it big. Only those managing small construction teams saw some success, but even that success was precarious.
Their wages couldn't be paid once the capital flow from their higher-ups dried up. The Wray family had always operated this way. The funds they applied for from the bank were loans.
The payment for construction work would only come once the projects were completed, which, to some 
extent, was understandable. But Kenton's mistake was the fact that he always made sure he squeezed every last drop from people.
One of the workers said, "This building is abandoned. He's refusing to pay us for the work because there's no profit, but what about the work we did before?
"I've been on this site for half a year-I've even had a head injured on the job. Now, they suddenly decide to halt the project, and they won't settle our past dues. How can they scam us like this?"
In an attempt to hide the company's internal financial instability, Kenton made a snap decision to shut down a subsidiary. Shutting down a company so rashly only raised more red flags for those working for them.
While it seemed like the workers had only just started to protest, they hadn't been paid in three months. It was just that the situation only exploded today.
The Wray family had been rotten from the inside out for a long time. The only difference was that in the past, Kenton refused to pay them despite having money. He would rather invest in other ventures or legal matters instead.
To him, these people were nothing more than ants, born to live hard lives, powerless against him. They wouldn't win even if they sued him. Besides, what did these workers know about taking legal action?
This wasn't the first time there had been protests, but it was the first time they had reached the doorsteps of Wray Group's headquarters.
The Wray family's decline was becoming impossible to conceal. When one wall started to weaken, even pulling out a small brick could cause the entire structure to collapse. But in the past, the Wray family was protected by connections.
This was exactly like paying for a house that ended up having its project abandoned. The ones who suffered most were always those who worked their whole lives to finally scrape together enough for a down payment, waiting to move into their new homes.
There were times when the relevant authorities wanted to intervene, but they might not be able to.
First, there were contractual issues. Second, entrepreneurs like Kenton always manage to secure revolving funds from banks.
No states would want to see businesses go under. Hence, these matters rarely reached a conclusion.
When the workers showed up, the homeowners soon followed. Initially, they protested at the construction sites, where countless families' dreams were shattered.
They started showing up at the company's door when their patience finally ran out. Security had already begun trying to disperse the crowd.
Adrien hurried upstairs. "Mr. Wray, the situation outside is starting to get out of hand. We need to do something."
"Yes." Kenton continued coldly, 'Call the police. Have the lawyers deal with them. I want to teach these people a lesson. Who do they think they are? How dare they come here and cause trouble for me?'
"But, Mr. Wary, there are a lot of reporters outside. I'm afraid..."' Adrien was still clear-headed enough. Kenton, however, had been in power for too long and was no longer afraid of such things. "Does it matter what they say? Go online and look-weren't they just boycotting one of our brands over that applesauce factory? "The foreigners were right. The people here in Cascadia are always like that. They never learn. Don't they still end up buying our products after a few days of cursing?
"Our business is built on brand recognition. And besides, our real customers aren't these poor folks. Go and get rid of them. Seeing them gather there brings me bad luck."
The police's arrival was indeed effective. Gathering to cause trouble would inevitably lead to some being taken away, especially with some construction workers acting irrationally and smashing the glass of Wray Group's building.
They were clearly at a disadvantage against Kenton. Usually, as Kenton had pointed out, situations like this
revolved around demands for unpaid wages.
This would take a long time to resolve. After all, there were problems with the contract and would require public interest lawyers to fight the case
But the workers couldn't afford to wait. Simply put, even if someone helped with the lawsuit, their travel costs and lost time were all part of their living expenses.
The homeowners stuck with unfinished buildings faced the same predicament. Filing a lawsuit often led to an absence of outcome.
Kenton felt a bit uneasy about the situation arising today, but he didn't take it too seriously.
"Have you found Cassian?" he asked Adrien.
Adrien shook his head. "We were too late. We checked the train stations as well. But rest assured, he hasn't left Hawford yet.
"Get him back quickly and settle the current accounts." Even if it was just a facade, it needed to look good, given that the monthly accounting review was approaching. Tax filing was another concern.
Kenton glanced at his laptop. He thought to himself that the quickest way to remedy the situation would be for the stocks he bought to soar when the market opened!
Adrien no longer exuded the same calmness he once had as he pushed the door open to leave the office. Although the external situation seemed manageable now with the police and lawyers involved, internally, everyone knew it was different this time.
It wasn't just the issue of unfinished buildings. Even their salaries for this month hadn't been paid. According to protocol, they should have been disbursed two days ago, but the executive office claimed the finance department was on holiday. For a company as large as Wray Group, such an excuse felt absurd.
Very few employees in most departments were working at this point.
Adrien could sense the growing anxiety among the employees. It was crucial to keep everyone from knowing how badly Kenton had fared in the stock market.
There was still a way out! If they could just hold on for a couple more days, everything would return to normal once the funds arrived!
They were still too naive.
With such a grand scheme set up, Wynter had no intention of keeping Wray Group's situation a secret.
Her Lamborghini was parked right outside Wray Group's building. It drew everyone's attention, including the people Kenton had sent to monitor her.
Earlier today, Wynter had sold off all her gold as soon as the market opened. Making a net profit of 30 dollars per share was huge news. She hadn't revealed this information to the Chamber of Commerce earlier because it wasn't time to reel in the bait yet.
But now, she opened the car door and approached the construction workers, who were looking down on the floor as they prepared to head home.
"Mister, perhaps you can wait a tad bit longer. You might get your money back," Wynter said to a random man. The man instinctively stepped back. He was wary of getting dirt on someone who got out of such a luxurious
car
He smiled sheepishly. "No, my house is too far away. We will need to return.
"Just wait a day or two." She might not have bothered if she hadn't seen them. But since she did, she wanted to give it a shot.
"Young lady, I know you're kind, but staying in Hawford is too expensive. We consulted lawyers before coming, and no one wanted to take on our case.
?
"Our lawyer, Mr. Zomet, is a good man, but it's tough for him, too. He's not even making money, yet he still follows us around, trying to help. He is also getting laughed at by the other side's lawyers."
The construction workers understood just how challenging it was. "Kenton is a powerful entrepreneur, and we can't afford this. We don't want to burden Mr. Zomet any longer."
It was clear that anyone who took on this case would be fighting against the Wray family.
Wynter admired those who worked in public interest law and noticed Soren Zomet, a middle-aged man, dirty and disheveled, still trying to persuade everyone not to give up in the distance.
She then smiled at the workers. "I've heard news that the Wray family's backers are about to fall. You will definitely get your money back.
"If you can't wait a day or two, just wait until tonight. Everyone has a phone, right? Wray Group won't survive until the evening."
The construction workers didn't take her words too seriously, but they hoped that a company like Wray Group would face consequences. They smiled back at Wynter. "We hope so, too. Thank you, young lady.'
Having someone not look down on them and understand their plight was more than enough for them.
They were indeed less educated and were unaware of the complexities involved. Their actions of breaking the windows had only made things worse, and some had even been taken to give statements inatolice stations. Although Wynter's words might not come true, at least they felt a bit more at ease.
What they didn't know was that as they walked away, Wynter dialed a number on her phone. "Go ahead with the plan.'
###chapter1483
Chapter 1483 About to Meet Their End
Although Kenton wanted to keep the company's financial shortfall a secret, Wynter naturally wouldn't allow it.
News about Wray Group spread like wildfire the moment Wynter gave the order.
"Unpaid Wages", "Mass Layoffs", and "Subsidiaries Poor Performance" were trending topics that hit Wray Group like a sledgehammer.
Of course, no matter how intense the public outcry, it could eventually weather the storm and resolve its current crisis if a company could still make money and pay its taxes.
However, a quick search on some corporate databases revealed that several of Wray Group's subsidiaries were already in the process of being closed down. It was clear that Wray Group had much more serious issues brewing beneath the surface.
The banks were the first to come knocking at Kenton's door. For a businessman like Kenton, it was usually the banks' branch managers who would contact him directly.
"Mr. Creed, those rumors are baseless. People can believe what they want, but I didn't expect you to fall for it." Kenton was obviously not going to reveal the full extent of his troubles.
He continued smoothly, 'You know better than anyone how many assets the Wray family has. Sure, I might have acquired a bad plot of land, but it's no big deal for me."
Dravon Creed understood exactly what Kenton was implying, but the new loan approvals still had to go through him.
"Mr. Wray, it's not that I don't trust you, but the current market conditions are complicated. As for the matter you asked me to handle, I'll need some more time."
"Fair enough. It's understandable that you don't approve the loan," Kenton replied calmly, though his hand tightened into a fist.
All four banks he was well-connected with had called to ask him the same questions regarding the rumors. What Kenton needed most was immediate funds to keep his operations afloat. Yet, at this crucial moment, none of them were willing to extend any help. Worse still, one of the banks had already started pressing him for overdue interest payments
As Adrien entered with reports, Kenton erupted in a furious rage. He was so loud that it was no longer a secret within the company.
Employees throughout Wray Group whispered among themselves.
"Did you see the news? It looks like our company will be collapsing soon. No one knows where all the money went. It's baffling!"
"I know, right? How does a company this big suddenly run out of funds? And I also heard we owe a lot of money outside!"
"What? What about our salaries? The secretary told us the finance department is on vacation. That is such a blatant lie! Are they treating us like children?"
Adrien's eyes darkened upon hearing this, and he slammed his hand on the desk.
"Things aren't what you think! Mr. Tucker from the finance department had some family emergency, and we're working hard to get him back so we can process your salaries.
"As for those construction workers downstairs, they're just trying to scam us! They even smashed our building's glass! Just focus on your work. Mr. Tucker will be back in two days to settle everything.
"And stop spreading rumors. Don't you know how much fake news is going around online right now..."
Before Adrien could finish speaking, a voice said from behind him, "What do you mean the company's money was all thrown into the stock market?'
Adrien panicked at the mention of the stock market.
He looked toward the voice's direction. It was an ordinary employee, who stood up from his desk with wide eyes that were filled with disbelief
He was just the first. Then came the second, and the third....
News about their own company was being pushed to their computers in real-time.
If the earlier scandals could be dismissed as typical bad press, this was different. The revelation that their CEO had poured all the company's liquid assets into the stock market-and lost them-shocked everyone!
###chapter1484
Chapter 1484 The Montclairs
No matter which department the employees belonged to, they all felt a mix of disbelief and anxiety. If the company's accounts truly had no money left, what would happen to them?
Within just half an hour, trending topics about the Wray family became overwhelming. Initially, there were threats of issuing legal notices, warning netizens not to spread rumors.
But then, a bombshell hit. 'Kenton Wray embezzled company funds for personal stock trading, and the stocks he held have plummeted!"
The entire Chamber of Commerce was in turmoil. What was bad wasn't stock trading, but the fact that Kenton had used his company's funds.
If the online rumors were true-that Kenton's stocks had crashed-then the Wray family's cash flow was definitely in trouble
People in the business world weren't fools. Everyone had their own ways of finding out the truth. After a little digging, it became clear that the information circulating online was almost certainly true.
"Those who followed him seem to be having financial issues these two days as well," someone from the Chamber of Commerce remarked
"It serves them right."
Businesspeople who had long been oppressed by Kenton finally had the chance to voice their opinions.
"He even delayed paying his workers."
"Let's not dwell on it. It looks like the Wray family is done for this time."
"Thank god I didn't take his side." This was what some of the Chamber of Commerce members were relieved about.
"Do you know who's the luckiest? Orson Blaise, who followed Ms. Quinnell. Not only did she save his applesauce factory, but it has become a national brand now. Even my grandson comes across them when he's online."
"That's not all. Haven't you heard? Others scoffed at Ms. Quinnell when she was trying to acquire land. But Orson invested a modest sum, and she brought him in as a shareholder. The Blaise family is set for life!"
Everyone knew how things for Wynter had turned around, especially when contrasted with Kenton's downfall.
With news of the stock market crash spreading, the Wray family was now at the center of public scrutiny. The banks not only refused Kenton any new loans but also joined forces with the authorities to audit his accounts. Kenton was drowning in trouble. His plan to wait for the stock market to recover and then withdraw funds was nothing short of a fantasy. Wray Group was now on its last legs, struggling desperately.
No longer was anyone dismissing the rumors as typical gossip about a big company. Instead, everyone demanded that Kenton be held accountable for the mess he had created.
At the train station in Hawford, some of the construction workers, who weren't familiar with buying tickets online, stood in line at the ticket counter.
Staying another night in Hawford was too expensive, and they were eager to just go home. Moreover, the strain of trying to collect their wages had left them weary.
Even a piece of bread felt too costly for them. Some merely nibbled on leftover biscuits, while others, with their thermoses in hand, drank cheap instant beverages.
As they ate, one of them, who was scrolling through social media, came across a video. "Xavian! Look! It's the Wray family! Look at this!"
The video was clear enough for them to understand, and they froze in disbelief.
Soren received a phone call at the same moment, asking if he was willing to continue representing the workers in their wage dispute. The case was going to be reopened for reexamination.
The workers didn't fully understand the legal intricacies, but they knew one thing for sure. After three long months, someone was finally standing up for them! There was a real chance they might get their wages back.
"Xavian, that girl was right! Her words had come true!"
Yes, it had. Everything Wynter said was coming true.
It wasn't just the Wray family that was affected. When Tamia received the news, her hand, which had been holding a bowl of lobster bisque, trembled uncontrollably.
Very soon, a crash was heard. The delicate porcelain bowl shattered on the floor.
"What did you say? Say it again! What happened to the Wray family?" Tamia's expression was twisted with rage, her face terrifying to behold.
The person delivering the message stammered as he repeated his sentence, "The Wray family is under investigation. Most of Wray Group's funds are tied up in the stock market, and they might not be able to get them out."
###chapter1485

Chapter 1485 Tamia's Regrets
Tamia felt a wave of dizziness and had to grab onto something nearby to keep herself from collapsing.
The Wray family was being investigated. This would have been unthinkable in the past.
Would "that man" really allow someone to investigate the Wrays? That was impossible unless the Wray family had already been abandoned, deemed as a lost cause. Only then would "that man" allow them to fall!
The more Tamia thought about it, the more horrified she became. She had just decided to be associated with the Wray family, yet now, Wray Group was being investigated! This meant that the Wray family had been in trouble since last week!
"The stock market... How could he possibly lose money? Isn't Ms. Yates involved?" Tamia exclaimed in disbelief.
Her fingernails dug deep into her palm. If the Wray family's finances were in trouble, then the money she had invested in them would be lost as well.
It wasn't just the loss that was overwhelming. The Wray family had reassured her that the trap in the stock market had been set for the Quinnel family. So, why was Wynter still perfectly fine while the Wray family was collapsing?
Unable to comprehend the situation, Tamia anxiously asked the messenger, "If the stock market is in such turmoil, what about the Quinnells? What about the siblings from that family?"
As long as the Quinnel family had suffered too, it wouldn't matter so much. Even if she lost billions, at least they'd all be in the same boat.
After all, the Wray family had told her that Wynter and Albert had invested three or four billion. If the market crashed, they'd be in just as much trouble!
Tamia clung to this hope, but the messenger's next words froze her in place.
"I just checked. The Quinnel family bought gold, and the price of gold these past days..." He handed Tamia a tablet. "You can see for yourself, Mrs. Montclair Senior."
The tablet displayed a stock market chart. The price of gold had risen sharply again and again.
Albert had entered the market when gold was at its lowest point. Now, it had surged so much that the increasing trend on the chart seemed to taunt Tamia, urging her to smash the tablet into pieces!
"Why has it gone up so much? Weren't they saying that the Quinnell family's stocks would drop?" Tamia's hands trembled. "40! Each stock has gone up by 40 dollars in just a few days! What are you people doing? Why didn't anyone keep an eye on her?"
Tamia screamed from the top of her lungs, the cane struggling to support her. The emotional turmoil was too much for an old lady like her to handle.
Tamia had just made enemies with Wynter! She had made bold declarations in Quaint Villa, signaling that the Montclairs had officially become sworn enemies with the Whitmans and the Quinnells!
She would have never torn apart her relationship with them if she had known this was the outcome! Had she been aware of the true circumstances, how could she have possibly destroyed her ties with the Whitmans?
Not only would she have avoided a fallout, but she would also make sure they were still in- laws! And now, she was being told that the Wray family was ruined and Wynter had come
out victorious.
Tamia could not keep her composure at all and grabbed the messenger by his collar. "Is this what the Montclairs have raised? A bunch of useless fools!"
The man stammered out an explanation, "Mrs. Montclair Senior, if we're assigning blame, you only instructed us to watch Mr. Cyrus and how he worked with Ms. Quinnell to acquire land.
"All our focus was on setting her up, trying to make her fall into the trap we prepared. Neither you nor Mr. Wray ever mentioned that Ms. Quinnell knew how to play the stock market."
Tamia was not keeping secrets as she didn't even know herself! "Does she really know how to play the stock market? You've looked into her background and said she graduated from a mere trade school! How could she know anything about stocks?"
Even now, Tamia looked down on Wynter from the depths of her being.
The man raised his head slightly. "Mrs. Montclair Senior, I've been loyal to you for many years, and this will be the last task I do for you. So, as a word of advice, let me say this.
"If Ms. Quinnell truly knew nothing, Wray Group's funds wouldn't have collapsed like they did. There's foreign capital involved in this stock market issue, and yet the Wray family still lost. Don't you ever wonder why?"
###chapter1486

Chapter 1486 Too Late Now
The last sentence felt like a dagger to Tamia's heart.
At this point, how could she possibly admit that Wynter truly had the capability? Worse yet, she couldn't even fully grasp the extent of Wynter's connections.
Whoever those connections were, they were far more influential than anything the Whitman family had established in Hawford! After all, to be able to manipulate the stock market like Wynter would mean that she had support with great funds behind her!
Tamia's face paled even further. She took a shaky step backward, rapidly turning the beaded bracelet around her wrist.
For some reason, Wynter's chilling words from Quaint Villa echoed in her mind. "I can send the Montclairs behind bars, too."
As she staggered backward, Tamia's head hit the wall behind her. The string of the beaded bracelet she had been clutching snapped. The beads scattered across the floor, the sound of them rolling around eerily reverberating through the room.
"Ms. Yates! Get Ms. Yates here!"
This was Tamia's first instinct.
The breaking of the bracelet was unmistakable in its meaning. People, when faced with insurmountable difficulties, often turned to the divine for help. Tamia, deeply superstitious, believed that the legendary "Ms. Yates" could provide her with a way out.
"No, wait! Bring Ophelia back first!" Tamia suddenly said.
The butler was about to make a call to Ophelia, but Tamia could hardly wait any longer." Stop her! If you can't bring her back, do whatever it takes to stop her!"
But it was too late. Just as she finished her sentence, Ophelia walked in, her face still beaming with happiness. "Mom, why are you trying to stop me?"
Tamia's head spun even more as she saw Ophelia return.
Ophelia, oblivious to the turmoil, continued, "Don't worry, I won't hesitate this time or see divorce as something disgraceful anymore. The Whitmans have made it clear they want me gone, so there's no point in staying. I should have left Noah long ago!
"I've already submitted the documents. I didn't even say a word when I was there and
allowed the lawyer to handle everything."
Tamia felt her breath quicken, nearly choking on the shock. She steadied herself against the table and confirmed, "Have you really submitted the documents?"
"Yeah." Ophelia nodded.
Tamia grasped her own hand tightly. "It's too late. Everything's too late."
At this point, it was unrealistic to consider not going through with the divorce. The Whitman family would never be as unguarded as they had been before.
Tamia even suspected that Ophelia's decision to file for divorce was part of a larger scheme orchestrated by Wynter.
But was it possible? How could Wynter pull something like this? She wasn't a fortune teller like Yvette, right?
"Mom! What's wrong? Don't scare me!" Seeing Tamia fainting, Ophelia rushed forward to support her.
Ophelia's face turned pale in an instant as Tamia clutched her hand tightly, muttering as if in a trance, "Ophelia, this marriage... you shouldn't have ended it... it shouldn't have ended."
Meanwhile, Yvette, who Tamia had been fixated on, was dragged to the company by Kenton's people.
Her face and arms were filled with bruises. This morning, she had wanted to leave immediately when she realized something was wrong with Wray Group.
The stocks she had once expected to soar had plummeted for three consecutive days, almost hitting rock bottom.
Kenton had called her long ago, demanding her presence, but how could she possibly have the guts to go? It wasn't just Kenton who had followed her advice and invested in stocks. If they saw her, they would surely make her wish she was dead!
Hence, she had booked the earliest flight and snuck out of her neighborhood.
Just when she thought she was in the clear, Thesara blocked her path. Yvette never imagined she would meet her downfall at a mere maid's hands.
Thesara had informed Kenton's people, and now she was left in this sorry state!
"I heard you were planning to go to the airport, Ms. Yates."
Before her stood Kenton, who no longer resembled the man she first met. The air of confidence that once defined him had vanished, leaving only a chilling presence in its place!
###chapter1487

Chapter 1487 The Wrays' Downfall
It became especially clear that Kenton was truly malevolent when his eyes turned cold and fixated on Yvette.
Yvette was thrust in front of Kenton. She involuntarily trembled upon seeing his grotesque expression. "M-Mr. Wray, listen to me. This stock market fluctuation was purely accidental.
"The information I provided was real, but I don't know why it turned out like this. Please give me another chance to make amends!"
Just as she finished her pleas, Kenton slapped her hard across the face. "Another chance? If I give you another chance, who will give me another chance?"
Five distinct finger marks appeared on Yvette's face, the pain causing her to cry out in pain.
Kenton showed no hint of mercy as he tightened his grip around her throat. "What did I tell you? I can make your life worse than death if your calculations are wrong! I've poured all my money into this! Do you think you can run away? Try it!"
A suffocating sensation surged within her, making it difficult for Yvette to breathe. After struggling for what felt like an eternity, Kenton finally released his grip, allowing her to gasp for air.
Once she steadied herself, she said, "Mr. Wray, I never intended to run away. I truly believed that the three stocks you invested in would soar. Perhaps the time hasn't come yet."
That was Yvette's speculation. However, with her limited understanding, she couldn't fathom the myriad of factors influencing the stock market.
She only saw the result but was blind to the processes and elements that led to such an outcome. She didn't even feel anything as she witnessed the amount of people lining up at gold stores in the malls.
She reached out to grab Kenton's pants. "Mr. Wray, please listen to me. It must be a matter of time. Just wait a little longer."
Kenton's fists were clenched tightly. His eyes were bloodshot as he looked down at the crowds lingering below, all of them desperate for their money. At that moment, it seemed like waiting was the only option left for him.
A professional beside him couldn't help but remind him, "Mr. Wray, although there are few stocks left to liquidate, the current stock market is not looking optimistic. I recommend that you clear out your holdings today."
"Clear out my holdings?" Kenton was furious. "Do you know how much I'll lose if I do that now?"
It was over six billion. After deducting the processing fees, he might only get back 60 million at most, which wasn't nearly enough for a company like his!
Nicholas Lyte, a manager, spoke softly, "At the very least, we'll have 60 million to cover the employees' salaries."
Employees who were still on the job were needed for a company to continue running.
"Salaries?" Kenton sneered. "What's the big deal if I don't pay you guys for a month? And I'm not saying I won't pay you. It's just that we've run out of liquid funds.
"Wray Group is enormous and still has countless fixed assets and money circulation outside. Why are you people so anxious?"
Hearing this, Nicholas' heart sank, feeling a wave of despair wash over him. His hands trembled in frustration.
Those who worked alongside Kenton knew he wasn't a good employer. It was just that, for years, Wray Group had been thriving. Its immense profits had managed to overshadow Kenton's flaws, including his ruthless nature.
The fact that Kenton was unwilling to pay even the employees' salaries and was considering delaying payments indicated that the company was not far from its downfall.
Nicholas placed his work badge on the desk, resigning himself to the fact that he was now jobless. Yet, those idle wastrels from Kenton's faction were still contemplating stirring up trouble, each bombarding him with questions.
###chapter1488

Chapter 1488 Wynter's Capabilities
"What exactly are the people saying?"
"How could the Wray family be out of money?"
"Say something! Are you mute?"
Nicholas usually wore a friendly smile no matter how outrageous the comments directed at him were. He would only laugh it off. After all, the money he earned from Wray Group meant that he had to go through this abuse.
But he found himself at his breaking point today. "What's happening? Go ask Kenton Wray! This company isn't mine! It's the Wrays'!"
Such a drastic upheaval in the company had spiraled uncontrollably overnight. Ordinary employees couldn't have predicted this.
Using the company's liquid assets for stock trading? Kenton must have gone insane! What were they, the employees, supposed to do now?
Initially, the external pressure had been overwhelming, but now the chaos was coming from within.
For Kenton, that 60 or 70 million of funds was insignificant. He might as well go all in. After all, there might still be a chance for a comeback!
When he made this decision, it wasn't just Nicholas who was stunned. Even Adrien, who stood beside Kenton, froze. "Mr. Wray, are you not going to clear out the holdings?"
"Clear out? Get lost!" Kenton snapped as he maneuvered through his accounts. "Go see what the ruckus outside is about!"
Adrien left mechanically. It felt as if his soul had left his body.
Kenton didn't see any issues with his actions. His gaze was fixed on Yvette. "You better keep an eye on this. Let's see if it goes up or down!"
Yvette knew very well that her fate hung in the balance of the stock market. She would survive if those three stocks went up. If they continued to plummet, it would be the end for her! She trembled as she sat on the couch, flanked by two men in black.
Kenton was fully focused on the stock market. Yet, that was the nature of the market-the more worthless a stock became, the harder it would fall. There was no way it would rebound.
Gold was soaring, but the three stocks in his hands were plummeting even further! He wished he could clear out his holdings, but it was already clearly too late.
In just one hour, the losses were staggering. The market hadn't even closed, yet not only had he lost the 60 million, but he would also have to inject more money into the account!
He had always seen others as mere ants and would never understand his decisions' implications.
If he had pulled out his investments earlier to cover payroll, there might have been a chance for recovery. Preserving the company's basic operations was vital. After all, Wray Group's foundation still held potential for a comeback.
But in his mind, the company's employees were nothing more than his slaves. To him, whether to pay their salaries or not was not for the lower-tier workers to decide, but for him!
Given the Wray family's previous behavior, Kenton's subsequent actions were all too predictable.
"Boss, you were right. Kenton didn't clear out his holdings."
For a professional investor who had weathered the storm of the stock market, this was hard to comprehend. Given the circumstances, Kenton still had no intention of pulling out.
"Logically, the Wray family is well-connected in the financial circle. Why didn't he clear out his holdings? Is he trying to destroy himself?"
Wynter's Lamborghini was still parked outside the commercial building, indicating she hadn't left at all.
Upon hearing this, a smirk curled at the corners of Wynter's mouth, as if she were about to dismantle something. She seemed unsurprised by this outcome.
"Greed knows no bounds. Kenton still hopes to turn things around. How's it going on your end? Have you found the person I asked you to look for?"
"He's here with me. Everything's fine, but his condition isn't great."
Wynter replied calmly, "Please hand him the phone."
Cassian had no idea who had saved him, but he recognized the person in front of him Clement Milne.
###chapter1489
Chapter 1489 Wynter's Identity Is Exposed
Clement was a legendary figure everyone talked about in Hawford's investment circles. There were even absurd rumors that went around, believing that whatever he touched would turn into gold.
Whether it was the stock market or a company, as long as it was something he was interested in, the prospects would soar. For years, aristocratic families tried to recruit him, but he never showed up.
Even Kenton had tried to lure him into his company. After all, who wouldn't want such a legendary figure for themselves?
Nevertheless, Clement went to no one. He even rejected the Chamber of Commerce. But now, was he calling someone his boss? Could he be tied to foreign investors?
Cassian was no longer able to keep his usual calm. He knew Kenton played dirty, but he never expected him to go this far.
How dare he target his daughter? If it hadn't been for someone stepping in, Zara would have been kidnapped! Those men even planned to assault her!
Initially, all Cassian wanted was to quietly walk away from this mess. His sole goal was to not be the
scapegoat for anyone. But now? Now he was both afraid and furious. He was terrified of Kenton but hated him just as much.
He didn't know why Clement decided to step in and help him, either.
Cassian was anxious as he took the phone. "Hello..."
"This is Wynter speaking. I'm sure you've heard of me, so there's no need for any further introduction," Wynter spoke with a usual nonchalant tone.
But Cassian felt a chill run down his spine. Was the person who Clement called his boss her? He never would've guessed it.
After all, everyone knew about that time when Wynter was doing laps around their office building in her sports car. She was the epitome of a spoiled rich kid and was just another wealthy scion they were all used to seeing.
But now, he'd just heard Clement call her his boss! Did the people at the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce or Kenton know about this?
Cassian stammered, "M-Ms. Quinnell?"
"That's me. You know the kind of relationship I have with the Wray family-we're like oil and water," Wynter replied casually. "And since I had someone rescue you, I also know exactly why Kenton used those tactics on you.
"But listen carefully, Cassian Tucker, I'm not someone who likes to make things difficult for others. However, you have a lot of money that passed through your hands-money that appears out of nowhere.
"So, what's it going to be? Are you going to turn yourself in, or spend the rest of your life in fear of your wife's and child's safety?
"I'm sure you know the economic laws better than I do. If you turn yourself in and provide evidence, your sentence could be reduced.
"But if you don't care about what Kenton did to you... I can have my people pull back from your home right now."
Wynter's words were sharp and straightforward, leaving no room for confusion. Cassian knew exactly what she meant. If he didn't come forward to take down the Wray family, she would withdraw her protection.
He clenched his fists. The image of Zara nearly being assaulted was still fresh in his mind. The Wray family truly feared nothing. And with the secrets he held, Kenton would never let him live in peace.
Of course, Cassian wanted to hand over everything he had. Turning himself in wasn't a big deal to him.
However, there was still one thing bothering him. He rubbed his face and replied, 'Ms. Quinnell, I do want to agree with your proposal, but you don't understand.
"Over the years, many people have tried to take down the Wray family, and none of them have succeeded. Don't you think the situation is more complicated than it seems?
"This isn't a situation that most people can handle. Even if I go to the authorities and hand over what I have, the outcome might not be what you're expecting.
"Big scandals can get swept under the rug. After all, Kenton is a 'philanthropist.' You understand what I'm trying to tell you, don't you?"
###chapter1490
Chapter 1490 Meeting Their End
Wynter unwrapped a lollipop with a playful smile. "I understand your concerns, Mr. Tucker. But it seems that you're the one who doesn't understand the situation. You should recognize the person standing by your side right now."
"Of course I do. Everyone knows the legendary investor in the finance field," Cassian replied.
Wynter's tone remained calm and measured. "Then, why do you think this legendary investor is calling me his boss?'
Cassian felt like he'd been hit by a wave. He wanted to ask the same thing-why would Clement call her his boss?
"You're not seeing the full picture, Mr. Tucker,' Wynter continued slowly. "The government policy
memorandum didn't just mention land development but also hinted at personnel changes. The waters have gotten muddy, so someone has to clean them up."
Cassian's eyes widened in shock. 'Ms. Quinnell, are you saying that there will be some changes with the higher-ups?'
In the past, Cassian might've asked her how she knew. But now, he wasn't going to ask anymore. Maybe all the rumors the business circle had heard were wrong-even the ones circulating among the Whitman family, who had ties to the Quinnell family.
They all thought Wynter was just a granddaughter brought back from some countryside. The power plays in Kingbourne were seen as nothing more than Fabian's attempts to regain control of the family. Wynter's involvement was just a part of the show.
But was it really that simple? Cassian couldn't help but wonder.
Since Wynter's arrival in Hawford, she had taken surprising actions in the Chamber of Commerce, resurrected a nearly bankrupt national brand, and significantly boosted its market value.
Following that, she transformed a seemingly worthless plot of land into a thriving development zone. Could all these consecutive successes really be chalked up to luck?
Suddenly, Cassian glanced at Clement beside him. His voice trembled as he spoke through the phone, 'Ms. Quinnell, before I left the company, Kenton was diverting company funds to gamble on certain stocks. May I know those stocks' current state?"
"You're a finance student, Mr. Tucker. Didn't you already check before you came here?" Wynter spoke as if she was completely unconcerned.
And yet, it was exactly this attitude that sent chills down Cassian's spine. He continued excitedly. "So, it really was you, Ms. Quinnell!"
Wynter neither confirmed nor denied it.
Cassian clenched the phone. "I'll turn myself in. Whether or not the Wray family gets taken down this time is all in your hands now, Ms. Quinnell.'
Cassian had worked at Wray Group for years and knew better than anyone how deep Kenton's connections
ran
Though he didn't know exactly who was behind him, there were glaring gaps in the Wray family's financial records that still passed audits without a hitch. It was evident that it was someone influential.
Kenton had ties everywhere, across all sorts of departments. But Cassian's guts told him that all those connections were just on the surface. The real backer, the one who had been shielding the Wray family, had yet to show themselves.
This time, though, things might be different. After all, Kenton was now dealing with Gordon's descendant. Meanwhile, Wynter strode toward the commercial building in front of her as she ended the call. It was time to reel in the bait. The Wray family needed one final blow.
The receptionist didn't recognize Wynter, but the chaos inside Wray Group was evident. Seeing an unfamiliar young woman heading straight for the CEO's office floor, the receptionist quickly moved to stop her.
With a lollipop in her mouth, Wynter certainly didn't look like someone here for business. But she seemed better than the debt collectors who had been streaming in all day.
The receptionist had lost count of how many people she had to block today. Moreover, the red graffiti splashed across the glass doors had left everyone too scared to step outside.
"Miss, I-' the receptionist was just about to speak when Wynter interjected.
"Take me to Mr. Wray." Wynter gave the receptionist a playful blink and smile. The tear mole at the corner of her eyes gave her an almost hypnotic charm
"I'm the person he's dying to meet right now. After all, he still doesn't know why he's losing so badly in the stock market...
###chapter1491
Chapter 1491 Sensing the Abnormality
The stock market? The receptionist's eyes widened as the realization hit her.
Everyone knew the company was in shambles because Kenton had lost a fortune in the stock market. But no one knew there was a reason behind it. Could it really have something to do with Wynter?
The receptionist hesitated. "But you don't have an appointment, so..."
"Here's my business card." Wynter slid a card to the receptionist with a flick of her fingers.
The receptionist looked up in disbelief when she saw the name on the business card. Her hand trembled as she reached for the phone and dialed for the CEO's office.
Kenton was currently in a fit of rage. He was yelling furiously at Yvette, and the room was in a chaotic mess, with shattered s strewn across the floor.
"Didn't you say it was just a matter of time? How much more time do you need?" Kenton screamed at Yvette. Kenon's fury was palpable, as if he was ready to tear Yvette apart.
Adrien looked utterly exhausted as he had been juggling far too many responsibilities. Several managers had already quit, and every phone call was from someone demanding payment.
The last thing he wanted to hear was the phone ringing again. Yet, the receptionist just had to call.
"I've told you a dozen times! Tell them that Mr. Wray is too busy to take any calls!"
The receptionist whispered over the phone, 'Mr. Meyer, it's the lady from the Quinnell family. She said Mr. Wray would want to see her."
Adrien's expression changed the moment he heard the name "Quinnell. He couldn't fathom what reason Wynter would have to show up here.
This was far beyond something he could decide on. Entering Kenton's chaotic office, he whispered into Kenton's ears.
Kenton's eyes turned even more malicious. 'Did she come alone?"
After Adrien nodded, Kenton sneered coldly. "She's got a death wish, coming to see me at a time like this. Bring her up."
"Understood." Adrien left to carry out the order.
Within minutes, Wynter was riding the elevator up to Kenton's office
The receptionist watched from behind. No one had expected the infamous Ms. Quinnell to be so young.
In the office, Yvette shrank back when she heard Wynter was coming. She was a far cry from the confident young woman who had first arrived in Hawford. Her hair was disheveled, and she had no choice but to endure the throbbing pain.
If she weren't here, Kenton would hand her over to the Chamber of Commerce members who had listened to her advice and invested in stocks. Just thinking about her fate sent shivers down her spine.
But what truly gnawed at her was the thought of Wynter seeing her in such a state! How could she possibly accept that? She was the one who had been reborn, grasping the future in her hands! How dare Wynter repeatedly sabotage her plans?
Desperate to regain some control before Wynter arrived, Yvette tried to sway Kenton once more. 'Mr. Wray, although you may not trust me as much as before, you must be cautious of Wynter. She's not coming here with good intentions."
Kenton shot her a glance. "You and your sister truly can't stand each other, can you? At first, I suspected Wynter had orchestrated your presence here to set me up. If I hadn't investigated you, I wouldn't have realized how deeply you hated her."
He then tightened his fists. "You gave me the impression that you two were evenly matched. If you were able
to harm her back in Riverburg, why can't you do the same in Hawford?"
"I..." Yvette had no idea what he was thinking anymore.
Kenton, a man who had once thrived in the business world, now seemed like he was on the brink of attacking her. This made fear wash over her. 'I don't know why, either. She just suddenly changed."
###chapter1492
Chapter 1492 Something Unsettling About Wynter
Indeed. Thinking back, Wynter really did change overnight. Yvette hadn't noticed at first, but in her previous life, the Quinnell family had already collapsed by now.
She vividly remembered the news of Fabian's death. And although Wynter did end up returning to the Quinnell family, she was overshadowed by Naomi. In the end, Wynter had simply faded from existence, disappearing without a trace.
Why was everything so different now?
Yvette stared at her hands. Kenton's words struck her like a bolt of lightning, jolting her with a realization she hadn't fully thought of until now.
She murmured, "Why is it different from my past life? Why?"
Kenton was done listening to Yvette's nonsense. "All I need you to tell me is that Quinnell bitch's future. I don't care about the rest! What happened to Wynter in the ending you know?"
"She... She..." Yvette's mind was blank. "Something must have happened to her! Mr. Wray, you need to have someone find my grandmother! She was the closest to Wynter! She must know Wynter's weaknesses better than anyone!"
Something changed in Wynter overnight, but why hadn't Margaret said anything about it? Had she not noticed, or was something wrong with Wynter from the start?
Yvette's eyes lit up as she thought about it. She was desperate to prove something.
However, Kenton was done with her frantic rambling. "Yvette, let me ask you one more time! What happens to Wynter in the future?"
Just then, Wynter reached Kenton's office. She overheard Kenton's words and pushed the door open before walking in. "Mr. Wray, what future are we talking about? Why don't I know anything about my own future?"
Kenton pulled his gaze away from Yvette and turned toward Wynter.
She still carried the same carefree, nonchalant attitude, as if nothing in the world mattered to her. It was exactly this demeanor that led him to believe for so long that she was just another spoiled scion.
All this time, he thought her achievements in Kingbourne were only due to Fabian pulling the strings from behind the scene. But now, seeing her up close, something seemed unsettling about her!
Yvette avoided eye contact, not daring to look directly at Wynter. If something truly strange had happened to Wynter, then the secret of her own rebirth must not be discovered!
"Mr. Wray..." Yvette's eyes pleaded with Kenton.
Kenton's gaze was cold, but he knew better than to reveal everything, especially not the fact that Yvette was a reincarnator. That, of course, was something he wouldn't share with Wynter. Instead, his sharp gaze warned Yvette to stay quiet.
He recalled how he hadn't given Wynter a second thought when she first arrived in Hawford. He was practically Hawford's king. His word was life and death for anyone in the business world.
But now, Wynter sat across from him, face-to-face, as if this office belonged to her instead of him!
Wynter's presence had always been strong. And now, with no need to hide as much as before, the cold and mischievous energy surrounding her was unfiltered.
She casually sat in the executive chair. She crossed her leg lazily and lifted her eyelids slightly. She didn't even spare a glance at Yvette, who was on the floor, as if her existence was beneath notice.
Kenton's oppressive, murderous energy hadn't waned in the slightest, and the state of the office spoke for itself. Everything that could be smashed had been smashed, and the floor was littered with shards of broken s.
Kenton had immediately called in bodyguards when Wynter arrived. The bodyguards now stood on either
side of her, menacingly poised with their martial prowess.
But Wynter acted as though they weren't there. Her gaze fixed calmly on Kenton's face while she idly toyed with her purple sugilite pendant
She finally spoke lazily, "Mr. Wray, is this how you want to conduct business? Do you really think the people behind you will always shield you no matter what?"
###chapter1493
Chapter 1493 Do Not Look Down on Ants
Kenton's fingers froze momentarily before he shot a glance at the bodyguards. At his signal, the men in black withdrew slightly, though they didn't leave the office.
Wynter remained completely unbothered, the smirk still playing on her lips.
Kenton burst out laughing. "Ah, I'm finding it harder and harder to understand the younger generation's words. You didn't even inform me before coming. I was just handling some business matters."
As he spoke, his gaze shifted to Yvette, clearly implying something deeper. 'People from the countryside think they can play games and fool everyone. But I have to teach them a lesson and show them what the rules are around here!'
Though he seemed to be talking about Yvette, it was evident that his words were aimed at Wynter.
"Oh? I don't quite understand that," Wynter responded casually. "But I do know a simple truth-there is a winner and a loser in every game.
"Losing means you have lost. Making excuses only diminishes one's dignity. Don't you agree, Mr. Wray?" Kenton's face instantly darkened. 'I didn't expect the Yarwood family to help you so much. My mistake was not taking you seriously from the start.
"You have the Quinnell, Whitman, and Yarwood families backing you. Without that support, you wouldn't have been able to stand on equal footing with me."
Kenton still didn't believe that Wynter herself was capable of orchestrating everything. His mind stayed fixated on the idea that her power lay solely in the families behind her.
However, Wynter's plans had been in motion from the moment she arrived in Hawford. Every single detail was meticulously crafted to unfold just as she intended.
Outwardly, she played the role of a careless and privileged scion, making her adversaries dismiss her as insignificant. But in truth, each move she made was calculated and lethal.
Kenton, who had initially disregarded her, had already sealed his fate from the very beginning. After all, those who achieved great things must first immerse themselves in the game.
Kenton brushed the remaining dust off his hands. "You've done well, but it's not as fatal as you think.
"Wynter, let me give you some advice as someone who's been through it all. Do you really believe that bringing down the Wray family will lead to your success?
"Wray Group is a giant. Who will take over city development if we fall? Hawford is not just any place-there are countless eyes on it. Do you think they'll let an outsider take charge so easily?
"Besides, this is just the beginning. I've only lost some money in the stock market, and here you are, jumping at the chance to confront me. Whether it's me or anyone else, you've already made yourself a target.
"The tides could turn at any given moment. When that happens, even the Yarwood family won't be able to protect you and will be forced to bring you back to Kingbourne! Do you understand who you're making an enemy out of?"
Kenton's words were laced with thinly veiled threats.
However, Wynter's smile remained unshaken as she met Kenton's gaze. "There won't be such a moment. I know what cards you still have left.
"Firstly, you'll bring Cassian back. You will have him falsify the accounts or use him as a scapegoat for all your crimes.
"Secondly, the person behind you might step in to save you, but they could just as easily abandon you. After all, in their eyes, anyone can replace Kenton Wray if they want to."
Kenton's expression shifted. "How do you know-
Wynter interrupted him before he could finish his sentence, 'Your cards are an open book to me. That's why you've already lost."
Kenton hadn't imagined in his wildest dreams that his trump cards would be laid bare so effortlessly.
The sense of control he had once felt and his position of power seemed to crumble in an instant. Just the previous warning from the higher-ups had been a bad omen. On top of that, Cassian had been missing for two days now.
Hearing Wynter mention it only made his frustration surge. 'You don't actually believe that a mere accountant could change anything, do you?"
###chapter1494
Chapter 1494 The Wray Family is Going Down
Wynter casually looked up. "Mr. Wray, have you never heard the story of ants taking down an elephant? I actually think Mr. Tucker has a good chance.'
Kenton's previous frustration subsided at her words.
Wynter still couldn't see things through. So what if she beat him in the stock market? She didn't understand human relationships or the way of the political world.
No matter what evidence Cassian had, it would only matter if he could hand it over to the authorities.
"Sevie, you should spend more time learning from your uncle. Some things don't yield results just because you act on them."
Kenton's face darkened, yet he laughed out loud. "If you hadn't encouraged Cassian to take certain actions, maybe he could've spent a few more peaceful years in prison, and you wouldn't be kicked out of Hawford so quickly.
"And yet, you don't know who you're up against. You've provoked someone you never should have crossed." Kenton's voice lowered when he said this. He looked at Wynter with nothing but blatant malice in his eyes. As Wynter smiled, the tear mole at the corner of her eye appeared even darker. "Oh? How interesting."
She stood up and moved closer to Kenton. 'Have you ever considered that my being here means I can ensure things go how I want them to?"
Kenton sneered. "You? Do you think you matter in Hawford? You can't even imagine...
At that point, he stopped mid-sentence. "Fine, Sevie. You're good at drawing people out, but I'm not afraid to tell you directly.
"The person you're talking about-just hearing their name would make you tremble, let alone meeting them in person. I suggest you stop while you're ahead.'
Wynter stepped back and simply watched him. She had already narrowed down who that person could be. Kenton's reaction only confirmed Wynter's suspicions about the level of influence behind the scenes.
She raised an eyebrow, looking utterly carefree and rebellious. 'The one thing I can't stand the most is being told what to do."
"You!" Kenton was about to explode in anger.
Just then, Adrien rushed in, his face tense, even bordering on panic. In his haste, he tripped over his feet and almost fell.
"M-Mr. Wray, bad news! Mr. Tucker... he reported us for money laundering!" Adrien blurted out in one breath and closed his eyes heavily.
Kenton's face instantly drained of color. "Where did he report it? How did he manage to do it?"
"He just filed a report online using his own name. He's probably already been taken away," Adrien guessed." There's a post online saying they saw government vehicles arriving."
Kenton couldn't believe that Cassian would report Wray Group online. This wasn't something an accountant would come up with on his own!
Instinctively, Kenton looked toward Wynter. "It was you! You told him to report it this way!" he accused.
Wynter didn't deny it. The method of reporting didn't matter to her as it simply helped conceal her other identities.
Kenton stormed forward, intending to make some calls. However, it was clear now was not the right time, so he barked, agitated, "Find out Mr. Tucker's address. Find him!'
He wasn't the only one who was ruffled. Anyone who saw Cassian's reporting video would be alarmed.
Those public officials who usually had close ties with the Wray family, especially, felt a chill running down their spines. If investigations followed Cassian's claims, not a single one of them would get away unscathed The moment the video was released, some individuals were already scrambling behind the scenes to find connections to get the video taken down. For Wynter, Cassian was merely bait she used to catch bigger fish
An elderly man in the center of the room paused momentarily as he heard the news, his pen hovering above the paper. However, he didn't show much emotion. Instead, he continued the meeting, allowing the younger representatives to speak.
A dark cloud hung over the Wray family. Money laundering was not like other scandals. Even the most
successful entrepreneurs would not emerge unscathed once such allegations came to light.
While the city might need their contributions, for the country, this was an absolute threat!
Almost everyone could sense that the Wray family was on the verge of collapse this time. Hawford's fate was about to change drastically.
###chapter1495

Chapter 1495 Wynter's Counterattack
After this incident, the Chamber of Commerce members could no longer pretend that nothing had happened.
It was especially so for those who had betrayed the Whitman family and relied on the Wray family to rise. They began to feel an uncontrollable fear, particularly of Kenton revealing what had happened.
That day, there were more people than ever in front of the commercial building. Previously, the members had managed to maintain a facade of harmony. But now, they rushed ahead with their entourage, disregarding any attempts to stop them.
Of course, such commotion didn't go unnoticed by Wynter. Her purpose in meeting Kenton was to wait for those lurking in the shadows to reveal themselves.
The Waldron family, which used to be close to the Whitman family but was now not very influential in Hawford, was a good example.
If it weren't for Chad's recent problems that led Wynter to follow the trail and uncover the truth, even she wouldn't have realized that the Waldron family had already sided with the Wray family.
Those who had been in the business world for a long time didn't expect to see Wynter as soon as they entered. This left them with no time to retreat, and their expressions were varied as they hesitated to go further.
Wynter remained the calmest among them, while Kenton desperately wanted to keep her from leaving. However, the relevant authorities were already en route to the building.
Kenton was powerless. Not only could he not take action, but he also couldn't openly contact the person involved.
"You're quite ruthless for someone so young," he remarked.
A public report meant an investigation had to take place, even if it was just for show. Wray Group had to cooperate with the inquiry. However, such a scandal meant that no one could save the company now.
Wynter's drastic action left everyone at a loss. Who would have thought everything would have such a chain reaction?
The Chamber of Commerce members weren't worried about getting trapped in the stock market as they thought they could weather the storm eventually. But Wynter didn't give them any time to recover.
The Waldron family's representative quickly glanced around, searching for an escape route. "Wynter, are you here to urge the Wray family to repay their debts?"
Disguising themselves as someone here to collect debts might leave them a slim chance of survival.
Wynter chuckled. "Unfortunately, I came here to wait for you gentlemen. You're quite late, and I'm starting to feel a bit hungry."
As soon as those words left her lips, the smiles on the others' faces froze. Had the Whitman family realized their connection with the Wray family? That couldn't be! They had always covered up their tracks!
Taylor still regarded them as friends after so many years, too. So, how exactly did Wynter find out?
Knowing what they were thinking, Kenton sneered. "Don't you understand? It's obvious she did this to make you come to me."
His biggest regret was not suppressing her when she first arrived in Hawford. That would have prevented her from seizing this opportunity!
Now that everyone had gathered, those traps he had carefully laid within the Whitman family were causing everyone to panic!
The person from the Waldron family was the most astute. Realizing that everything had been exposed, he looked at Wynter with murderous intent.
"Wynter, you've caused such a ruckus. You should consider whether the Whitman family can handle the consequences that follow."
"I'm young and don't think much," Wynter replied nonchalantly. "It's nice to formally meet you all. Consider this my introductory gift. As for the consequences, I'll be waiting."
Another person spoke up, "Aren't you afraid that we might join forces against you? It would be wise to ask your elders before making a decision.
"No one in the business world wants to make enemies. With the Wray family on the verge of collapse, you should know when to hold back."
Hearing that, Wynter stepped closer to the group. "I detest being threatened."
###chapter1496

Chapter 1496 Found Out Wynter's Secret
"Gentlemen, you've misunderstood my intentions," Wynter continued. "The Wray family will be the first to fall. As for the rest..."
Her gaze landed on a shadow lurking at the back. "Since Mr. Montclair is here, there's no need for me to make a special trip to the Montclair residence. Please inform Madam Wooten that I have my sights set on the Montclair family."
Everyone at the gathering felt the urge to eliminate Wynter after hearing her words. However, it was clear that this wasn't the right moment. With the Wray family facing imminent defeat, they weren't in a position to gain anything from this situation.
It was particularly true for the Montclair family, who were embroiled in a public spat with the Whitman family. In the past, they wouldn't have dared to show themselves, but with their name mentioned, they had to take a stand.
Since the mask had been torn off, they had nothing left to hide. "Let's see what you can do," they retorted.
Their collective sentiment was clear. After suffering losses in the stock market, they were already in a bad mood.
Though they didn't have the same influence as the Wray family, their foundation remained intact. If they joined hands, what could Wynter possibly do against them?
Wynter toyed with her purple sugilite and looked up. "Alright, let's give it a try."
She had met everyone she needed to. Now, it was time to see how many fish she could catch. With that, she walked out without anyone daring to stop her.
Yvette huddled in fear in a corner, terrified of what would happen to her in a moment. She couldn't imagine how these people would treat her.
Her eyes darted around before locking onto Wynter. She had to save herself! Without hesitation, she reached out and tugged at Wynter's sleeve. "Wyn..."
She didn't dare to call Wynter in the affectionate tone she used to. With her shoulders trembling, she looked utterly pitiful.
"Please, I beg you, save me. I'm fine, but Grandma has been worried about me lately. I haven't called her, and I'm afraid that if something happens to me, she won't be able to handle it."
Yvette knew just how to hit Wynter's soft spot. It was almost spot on. Still, she didn't understand Wynter well enough. The more Yvette tried to get under Wynter's skin, the more Wynter would root out the problem.
"Mr. Wray." Wynter calmly reminded him, "Watch your people. Is it that she hasn't harmed you enough, or have you all suddenly developed a kind heart?"
This remark was undoubtedly adding fuel to the fire.
Yvette's eyes widened in shock. She never expected that Wynter would still ignore her even after she mentioned Margaret!
Panicking, Yvette glanced at the Chamber of Commerce members who were out for her blood and shouted, "Wynter, take me away now, and I won't tell anyone your secret. Otherwise, you'll end up just like I am today!"
"Oh?" Wynter raised an eyebrow and replied devilishly, "I didn't even know I had a secret."
Yvette stood up, her tone suddenly intense and filled with indescribable hatred. "Stop pretending! Think about who you used to be and who you are now! In the past, no one liked you because I toyed with you.
"You couldn't even make your boyfriend stay, and only Grandma cared about you. Do you not realize how stupid you were? You gave up everything for a man. All you did was go after Charlie.
"It took you a month to learn something, and you still might not master it. And now, you dare to mess with me in the stock market! Wynter, there's something wrong with you!"
Yvette stood there and shouted as though she had lost her mind.
However, no one in the room, especially the businesspeople, believed what she said. At most, they thought Wynter was just hiding her abilities as they couldn't imagine anything else.
###chapter1497

Wynter turned her head slightly with a bright smile on her face. "It sounds like something is wrong with me, after all."
Having been reborn, Yvette didn't understand why Wynter still acted this way despite everything she said. It was as if she didn't regard Yvette at all, treating her like a mere passerby with no relation to her.
At that thought, Yvette's face darkened.
When Wynter noticed a piercing gaze, she turned to look at Yvette. "You are Grandma's granddaughter. I've given you some leeway, yet you took advantage of that and used the excuse of visiting her to steal.
"Anyone who cares about what you said can look into it. The gentlemen can be the judge for the rest."
Yvette was thrown into chaos after hearing this. She knew all too well that if Wynter really left, none of these people would let her off the hook!
The most torturous thing one could do to another person was to make them live i fear.
After Wynter finished speaking, she left the office, leaving a panicked Yvette behind.
infinite
The Chamber of Commerce members, despite not being able to deal with Wynter for the time being, still posed a threat to Yvette.
The authorities were coming to Wray Group, making it inconvenient for them to act now. Still...
"Ms. Yates, we need to meet outside," the influential families told Yvette, and she couldn't hide here forever.
The people sent to check the Wray family's accounts had already reached downstairs. The entire office building was in disarray.
The fact that the families had left no escape route for Kenton infuriated him! He had planned to use these people to backstab the Whitman family. Yet, unexpectedly, he was the one they pushed off the cliff!
After the Chamber of Commerce members left, Kenton sat alone in his office. He took out his phone, swapped in a new SIM card, and saw that there was only one contact.
He hesitated about whether to call. The current situation was dire, but the other party had warned him that if he made this call, it would mean that their connection was severed.
And Kenton didn't dare to call. He would always remember the first time he met that person. That individual had said that he could turn Kenton into a new noble in Hawford within a
year. In ten years, Kenton could stand shoulder to shoulder with the Whitman family.
As long as he followed orders, everything the other party had promised could come true- and even more successfully than Kenton had imagined.
But there was one thing-that person's ruthlessness surpassed his own by far because the stakes for that individual were much bigger.
Money meant nothing to that person. But power, especially if it was everlasting? That was a different matter entirely.
Kenton understood clearly that the Chamber of Commerce members hesitated earlier not because of him, but because they all knew who was behind him.
To that person, crushing Wynter would be as easy as squashing an ant. So, Kenton was certain that his revenge would be carried out with help.
Now that things had come to this point, Wray Group would be finished if he didn't make the call. Even if he was just a pawn, he was still a useful one. After all, he was the only one who knew the secrets behind the scholarship fund.
All he had to do was make the call and obediently follow instructions. As long as he kept that person's name out of it, he was confident he could make a comeback.
Kenton kept carrying that confidence, even when the public officials came to take him away. As he was being escorted into the police car, he kept his head held high, casting a contemptuous glance at Wynter's car.
Wynter had no idea what kind of person she had crossed.
But as Kenton entered the car, he didn't realize that at this point, the person behind him would no longer save him. It wasn't because of anything personal but simply because the situation had blown up. Whoever intervened now would immediately draw suspicion.
After the meeting ended, the elderly man glanced at his phone and addressed his secretary." You can let someone else handle the scholarship fund. The Wray family is no longer fit to do
it.
"A businessperson without compassion can't be trusted to do compassionate work anymore. In the future, we need to be more careful about who we select."
The secretary, wearing glasses and dressed plainly, was so frugal that one might not realize how many matters he'd handled. He spoke in a soft, almost harmless tone, "Rest assured, sir. I'll take care of the scholarship fund."
The elderly man nodded again. "Bring the documents. The development zone matters need to be expedited as well."
"Yes, sir."
This scene would never be seen by others.
Just like how Yvette didn't dare to step outside. So what if she didn't? What was destined for
her could not be avoided.
As long as she remained in Hawford, those people would make her life a living nightmare. She had spoken too much, but all her words had become meaningless.
No one would believe her anymore when she mentioned anything about Wynter again. It was like the story of the boy who cried wolf.
Yvette didn't understand, but Wynter did. The less Wynter cared, the more people disregarded Yvette's words. To the Chamber of Commerce members, Yvette's claims were nothing but a madwoman's ravings.
Later, when they recalled this, they would regret ignoring this information!
Meanwhile, at the Montclair residence, Tamia hadn't eaten all day since learning that the Wray family was under investigation. She was still preoccupied with the issue of divorce.
If only she hadn't given Kenton that billion, the Montclair family would have been financially stable. But Kenton had swindled her. Not only was the money gone, but she also couldn't do anything about it since she had signed the contract!
Tamia felt utterly defeated. Already short on liquidity, this blow only worsened the situation.
She massaged her temples and looked at Ophelia. "Ophelia, we must secure the Whitman family shares. Otherwise, the coming days will be tough.
"If we get those shares, the Whitmans won't be able to touch us, and we can firmly establish ourselves in Hawford. We may even rise further!"
To Tamia, shares were the only way to turn the tide. After all, even Cyrus had sided with the Whitman family. The only way forward was to accumulate enough wealth to let her son
support the Montclair family.
Ophelia, lounging comfortably on the couch, fiddled with her phone. "Mom, look, the
lawyer's strategy is working. Everything on the internet moves so fast. Look at all these
comments and views!
"Everyone's saying Noah wronged me. I've been the perfect wife who took care of him all these years, yet now, he wants a divorce. Haha!"
Tamia took the phone and saw the numerous comments attacking Noah's lack of morality. People condemned him for not fulfilling his duties as a husband and sometimes staying out all night. Many were sympathizing with Ophelia.
Tamia immediately felt much better. She knew that the Whitman family wouldn't be able to withstand the pressure of public opinion.
In the face of the online storm, everyone seemed insignificant. People only believed what they saw and considered it the truth.
Tamia was confident that with the tide of online opinion, the division of assets in this
divorce was as good as done.
###chapter1498

Chapter 1498 Joining Forces Against Wynter
Tamia had never been in a better mood. She immediately called for a bottle of wine, intending to celebrate.
It had been the most relaxing day for her in a long time. Before this, one piece of news after another about the Wray family kept coming in. Not only did she panic, but she also felt an underlying sense of unease.
Over the years, the Montclair and Wray families had been deeply intertwined. Even though there weren't any overt benefits to their relationship, there had always been an exchange of information between the two. The Montclair family had even played a part in that major incident years ago.
Before, Tamia had feared the Wray family's downfall more than anyone else. Now, she saw things differently.
First, there was the upcoming division of the Whitman family shares. Second, she had learned that the Wray family wasn't the only one suffering in the stock market. Many powerful families in Hawford had lost money because of Wynter.
Tamia knew that to establish any lasting influence, harmony was key. Wynter's reckless behavior had angered too many people.
If she had only offended the Wray family, perhaps she could have returned to Kingbourne. But to make enemies of everyone? There was only one outcome for that-death.
As she swirled the wine in her glass, Tamia glanced at her phone. Every call was about helping Ophelia with the divorce.
The Waldron family had even made their stance clear. "Madam Wooten, we've heard all about the Montclair family's situation.
"The Whitman family has been abusing their power for too long. For years, Ophelia sacrificed her career to stay home and care for the family, and yet, this is how Noah repays her!
"Rest assured, as soon as the divorce agreement is finalized and the shares are secured, we will immediately cut all business ties with the Whitmans. Going forward, we'll rely on you for business matters."
These were words Tamia liked to hear. She had held power for many years, all for the sake of building her business empire.
However, while the Montclair family was an established lineage, their foundation was too weak to compare with the Whitman family. That was why she took the unconventional route and arranged for Ophelia to marry into the Whitman family.
Now, all the pieces had fallen into place. Once the divorce process began, there would be no turning back.
If, at first, she had regretted her decision and wanted to stop Ophelia, she now couldn't wait for the proceedings to move faster so she could secure the shares immediately.
Ophelia noticed Tamia's good mood. "Mom, did something good happen?"
"The Waldron family called, saying they want to collaborate with us," Tamia replied, her calculations clear in her expression.
"The Waldron family?" Ophelia frowned. "Haven't they always sided with the Whitmans?"
"That was the previous generation." Tamia took a sip of red wine. "The Whitmans have always stepped on others, so who would want to be perpetually in their shadow?
"The Wray family knew how to do business, making money with others without being too rigid, but unfortunately, they've fallen. If it weren't for the investigation into the Wray family today, the Waldrons wouldn't have shown themselves."
Ophelia still didn't understand. "But why would the Waldron family come to us?"
"That Quinnell chick has gotten too arrogant." Tamia sneered, her smile filled with malice. " She thinks just because she made some money in the stock market, she can strut around Hawford.
"But if she's going after the Wray family, she'd better consider whether the person behind the Wray family wants that to happen."
She hinted cryptically, "Don't you suppose the owner will be furious if their fiercest watchdog is killed? Of course, the master won't deal with it personally and will just send another watchdog to handle it.
"The Wray family may be gone, but there's still the Waldron family. Now, everyone knows Noah wronged you. You can take 20 percent of the Whitman family shares whenever you want."
###chapter1499
Chapter 1499 The Wray Family's Fall
Tamia chuckled. "Right now, you're the one these families are eager to work with. You ended the marriage at the perfect moment."
Ophelia's eyes went wide as Tamia spoke, and the joy within them deepened. She could almost envision the happiness awaiting her future. "Mom, does that mean I can..."
Caressing her hair, Tamia affirmed, "You will no longer be seen as another's wife. You'll simply be known as Ms. Montclair.""
Ophelia could barely contain her excitement. It had never occurred to her that the coveted shares weren't rightfully theirs. Instead, they had resorted to underhanded tactics to acquire them.
Ophelia once worried that all the aristocratic families would side with Wynter. Due to past incidents, the Blaise family and other long-standing enterprises in physical business had started treating Wynter as if she were Gordon.
That was the last thing Ophelia wished to see. How could Wynter continue to live freely after causing the divorce?
In truth, Ophelia had never been fond of her since the day Wynter was born. Everything would have been fine if the Quinnells had just stayed in their lane. But Wynter showed no restraints, and that infuriated Ophelia.
At that point, Ophelia was a far cry from her former self. The saying 'greed knew no bounds' captured her essence perfectly.
"That arrogant girl is biting off more than she can chew, boldly claiming she'll deal with those affiliated with the Wray family. She even declared the Montclairs to be at the top of her list! Well, I'd like to see how she pulls that off." Tamia snickered.
The Wray family had crumbled under financial strains, but Tamia was certain that the Montclairs wouldn't meet the same fate. She was even convinced that the detained Wrays were only "temporarily' ruined.
Tamia reasoned that "that person' wouldn't simply sit back and watch the Wray family being interrogated. At most, only Kenton would be abandoned.
Wynter had gotten her hopes up far too soon. After all, some secrets were never meant to be uncovered. If she dared to act, she would find herself facing dire consequences. That was a belief everyone shared, including Kenton.
The public was buzzing about the Wray Group's predicament, especially after the company's own accountant published an online report using his real name.
The offenses ranged from money laundering and tax evasion to embezzlement related to unfinished buildings. The victims weren't limited to a single individual but included many normal citizens.
"But where did the money go? And how can a company like this still land major projects?" Those were the questions running in their minds.
It was said that if one rat was found, more were likely hiding nearby. Wray Group couldn't have pulled off such massive operations alone, which meant they had public officers involved.
As Kenton was taken away, his employees were all watching. That said, he doubted he would be imprisoned for long.
Once "that person' got wind of the situation, he would certainly bail him out. After all, his grand plan could be jeopardized if the Wrays were convicted of money laundering.
But when Kenton was led into the interrogation room blindfolded, he realized something was amiss with the protocols.
###chapter1500
Chapter 1500 Wynter's Identity Revealed
Kenton would have been accompanied by a lawyer under normal circumstances, but things turned out differently.
He didn't even know which department he had been taken to, as if all his connections had been severed. Panic began to consume him as he squirmed nervously in his seat.
"I want my lawyer! I'm innocent!" he shouted, struggling to move. Yet, his hands were cuffed to the chair. At that moment, a clear and familiar voice casually rang out. "The law will determine your innocence."
It was none other than Wynter, though her presence felt completely different from when she had been in Kenton's office.
Kenton could hardly believe his eyes. Instead of a typical scion's defiance and arrogance, Wynter gazed at him calmly as if she were the supreme commander.
His heart sank instantly. He wasn't dumb or ignorant of certain aspects, which only deepened his bewilderment at the sight of Wynter. "W-Who on earth are you?"
"Don't you already who I am, Mr. Wray? I'm just a scion from a small place," Wynter replied, taking a seat across from Kenton with a pile of documents in hand.
Seeing her composed demeanor, Kenton clenched his fists as his teeth clattered. "Why are you the one interrogating me?"
Wynter rhythmically tapped her fingers on the table and locked eyes with him. "Obviously, because I have the qualifications for this. I know a lot about you, Mr. Wray, but you only know little about me.
"You probably think someone will always come to bail you out, even if you've committed a grave crime. All you have to do is say the word, and you're free to walk away."
She smiled and continued, "That may have been true in the past, but I'm here now."
Kenton trembled with fright. He doubted that Wynter dared to impersonate a public officer, yet he knew he was taken away by the relevant authorities.
So, why was Wynter here? The only possible explanation was that she held a higher status!
Kenton might not have reacted strongly if it had been another officer, but seeing Wynter struck a heavy blow to his psyche. Little did he know, Wynter had deliberately allowed him ten minutes of wild speculation before making her entrance.
In contrast to the despairing Kenton, Wynter flipped through the documents as if she were merely adhering to the protocols.
"I don't have much time, Mr. Wray, but I can offer some advice. So far, some of your friends are willing to bail you out. According to Mr. Tucker's evidence, those people have benefited from you.
"But since you're familiar with these games, I'm sure you realize no one can save you-not the culprit who jumped off the building after scheming against the Blaises, nor Mr. Calico, who attempted to set me up.
"What's more, they've become subjects of my investigation while you've been on your way here. As for the one you're waiting for..."
Wynter closed the files and continued, "He just left the meeting. The developed land stands as a testament to his achievements, which is crucial for his promotion. Do you really think he'll come to save you in such a critical moment?"
Kenton tightened his fists at Wynter's every word. He saw her land acquisition as a stroke of luck while attributing her success in stock investments to the Yarwood family's support.
But how had she learned so much about them? Who exactly was Wynter Quinnell?
###chapter1501

Chapter 1501 Kenton Is Shocked
"Just who the hell are you?" Kenton shouted, finally losing his composure. His hands grasped firmly on the armrest as he attempted to stand.
Wynter glanced at him and asked, "Who do you think I'd be, considering I brought you here?
At that moment, Kenton recalled a dinner conversation where someone had mentioned a special task force operating outside the control of regular authorities.
The Special Unit could conduct investigations without departmental approval and wielded greater power than the Top Unit.
Back then, Kenton merely dismissed the news as a joke. No units operated independently, as all were bound to follow their superiors' commands. After all, "that person" held authority over everyone in Hawford.
However, Kenton now realized that the rumors were true, and his face paled drastically." The Special Unit... Are you a member of the Special Unit?"
That was the only explanation. Otherwise, "that person" wouldn't have overlooked Wynter's investigation. Still, Kenton was puzzled as to why the Whitman family hadn't taken advantage of Wynter's authority.
Wynter arched a brow and replied, "Neither Grandpa nor my uncles are aware of my identity. You're one the few who know, Mr. Wray. Others who were aware haven't fared well.
"I suggest you think this through. You can either wait for 'that person' to save you and go down together, or you can say something to save your family."
Her tone remained calm as if she were stating a fact, yet her words cut deep into Kenton.
Kenton shifted in his seat and panted heavily. Never in his wildest dream did he expect Wynter, who hailed from a small place, to be a member of the Special Unit. He had never heard such news from the Quinnell family!
Everyone believed that Wynter was simply clever, and even "that person" had never seen her as a threat.
Despite the Whitmans' and Quinnells' wealth, they had never been involved in political affairs. The Yarwood family might have provided Wynter with financial support, but they couldn't possibly grant her such significant connections.
Yet, there she was, revealed as a member of the Special Unit!
Kenton's heart raced uncontrollably. Overwhelmed by despair and left speechless, he slumped back into his chair as a surge of resentment swelled within him.
"Do you think I'll spill everything just because you're from the Special Unit? Think again! I'm not going anywhere, so let's see how much you can dig up on your own!" Kenton retorted.
He couldn't be bothered anymore. Though he initially wished to leave the room, he now only cared about thwarting Wynter's effort.
Rising from her seat, Wynter explained, "It seems you've misunderstood me, Mr. Wray. If you choose to speak, your son abroad might continue enjoying his school life in peace. Otherwise, he could be forced to drop out."
When Kenton heard that, his eyes widened in shock. "What are you trying to do? I'm warning you you have no right to constrain my son because of my crimes! It's illegal!"
Wynter regarded him with an amused expression. "Are you seriously discussing legality with me right now, Mr. Wray? You know better than anyone what you've done.
"It seems like you're unfamiliar with the Special Unit. We have the authority to launch an investigation ahead of others.
"Moreover, there's a sum of money that has been transferred to your son's account. To recover those stolen funds, we'll be implementing special measures for special cases." Her biting remarks sliced through Kenton, leaving his hands to drop in surrender.
###chapter1502

Chapter 1502 Under Control
Kenton looked at Wynter and shared, "To be honest, I don't know much, either. 'That person ' is the second-in-command in the city and is credited for various political achievements. If you insist on investigating, I can share some of the cases I've handled, but the rest is a blur."
He seemed hesitant to disclose the name and made a gesture instead. Wynter arched her brow, silently suggesting that she would carry on with the investigation since she took him away.
Taking a deep breath, Kenton continued, "I only desire to make a fortune, but 'that person' has grander ambitions.
"He aspires to attain remarkable feats, but his health has been failing recently. He needed me to keep certain individuals under control, but I can't provide the details without evidence.
"Who is he trying to control? What tactics is he using?" Wynter asked casually.
Kenton lifted his gaze, staring vacantly. "I have no idea."
"I thought you'd have learned your lesson by now, Mr. Wray. Are you ignoring my warnings, or are you seriously convinced the Special Unit won't uncover anything?" Wynter retorted casually.
Feeling the weight of pressure bearing down on him, Kenton prepared to speak when Wynter interjected.
"A girl died mysteriously at the nightclub you invested in. You spent a fortune tracking down her parents, and we both know it's nearly impossible to uncover the truth when the guardians refuse to pursue the case," Wynter shared.
Her eyes instantly turned cold as she continued, "You've taken a smart approach-one drawn from your business experience. And you understand the nature of humans.
"Some parents show no concern about their children as soon as the money is in their hands. But if you think this is all over, think again."
Kenton's face was drained of color. His forehead slicked with cold sweats, and his voice trembled. "H-How did you know?"
However, he quickly felt like a fool. He no longer dared to challenge the Special Unit's authority or keep any secrets.
With his head hung low, Kenton admitted, "This case has been resolved. Unless someone brings forward their grievances, the legal authorities won't act.
"I acknowledge my sins. As for the others, I stand by my words if you insist on investigating them and bringing them in for questioning, I'll give you a list."
Without hesitation, Wynter slid a pen and paper toward him.
Kenton knew he had no chance of survival. His only concern was his illegitimate son abroad -the sole heir to the Wray name. He feared that the others would target his son after providing information.
"Are you sure you can take them down?"
It was rather absurd that Kenton wished for the mastermind's downfall more than else. As an abandoned piece, he had lost all value.
anyone
Considering the usual maneuver, Kenton wouldn't even need to utter a single word upon arriving at the department.
However, it became clear that "that person" had never intended to save him. In other words, he would surely be eliminated as a threat, much like Alden, who had taken his own life.
With trembling hands, Kenton picked up the pen and started to write.
Wynter, seated across from him, observed in silence while keeping track of the time. She needed to return him to the appropriate place for questioning, and any delays might raise suspicions.
Kenton couldn't care less about his handwriting as he scrawled on the paper, just as long as the text was legible. By the time he finished, his whole back was drenched in cold sweat.
Wynter glanced at the list and noted that the names matched her suspicions closely. It appeared that Kenton was indeed telling the truth. Despite his undeniable guilt, she needed him alive.
Tapping on the table, Wynter asked softly, "Why didn't you mention the scholarship committee?"
###chapter1503

Chapter 1503 No One Saw Through Wynter
Wynter's question left Kenton completely stunned. The scholarship committee was his secret to survival. He couldn't figure out how Wynter knew so much!
"Weren't you busy setting me up in the stock market? How did you find out about the scholarship committee?" Kenton asked cautiously.
He was genuinely frightened. Wynter, who everyone looked down upon, had done so much behind the scenes. Her investigation went deeper than he had imagined.
The scariest part was that neither he nor "that man" had noticed anything. They thought she was just here to help the Quinnell family restore its former glory.
The Chamber of Commerce could not fall back into the Quinnell family's hands. That was a strict order from "that man", and also the reason why the Wray family had been able to rise so quickly in the Chamber over the years.
They all believed that Wynter came to Hawford with the goal of reclaiming the Chamber. But now...
Kenton raised his head again. "The matter with the scholarship committee is a little sinister. I only handle the buying and don't know where those people end up or what they are used for."
"Tell me what you know." Wynter would not let him record such ambiguous statements.
Kenton clenched his fist, "When the scholarship committee first started, I thought it was just the higher-ups wanting young girls. After all, who doesn't?
"Later, as the demand increased, some of the selected individuals were chosen based on intelligence and other factors.
"I truly don't understand the selection criteria of those people. I only handle recruitment. With such a large group of girls, there will be some that satisfy those above."
Kenton was telling the truth.
Wynter put away the voice recorder and looked outside. Soon, someone walked in. This time, it was the real public official.
"Mr. Wray, you're a smart man. You should know what to say when you get in." Wynter stood up, her eyes flickering with the light. "Feel free to mention things about me, as long as you can bear the consequences."
Kenton watched Wynter's departing figure. His cold sweat had not stopped since earlier.
He recalled the situation in the office. The Waldrons, Montclairs, and those old aristocratic families in Hawford all wanted to join forces to deal with Wynter. Kenton also thought she just had a death wish.
So what if she had won against him in the stock market? Who could escape unscathed with the aristocratic families banding together? Moreover, she had even provoked "that man". That practically screamed a death wish.
It turned out these thoughts were merely a distraction for them. They had failed to see through Wynter from the very beginning!
Kenton was brought away blindfolded, just like how he was brought here.
Countless pairs of eyes were watching as the car entered the police stations. No one wanted Kenton to speak recklessly. Of course, they didn't believe that anyone from the Wray family would be foolish enough to do that.
People believed it was just a mere economic issue. At most, he would be locked up for a while and pay some money to get out. After all, economic crimes wouldn't cost lives.
"That man" received news that someone had been reassigned to a new position at that critical moment. For him, this was a variable in his plans.
He was so close to taking a significant step forward. He could have become the leader he wanted to be. Yet, a problem arose at a time like this.
He had no intention of stepping in to help the Wray family. Instead, he could leverage the people beneath him.
However, the report from his secretary left him furrowing his brows. "Why didn't the car go straight to the station?"
"It seems that there was traffic." The secretary added, "There was an accident on the bridge."
The old man was particularly wary of anything that slipped beyond his control. "Are you certain it's just a detour?"
###chapter1504

Chapter 1504 Those Hidden in the Dark Are Coming Out
"Absolutely." Astor Tisdel, the old man's secretary, had checked thoroughly.
The old man pondered for a moment. "Find a way to let him know what should and shouldn't be said. If Kenton is smart enough, he should understand."
"Understood." Astor adjusted his glasses before continuing, "You can rest assured, I will handle everything."
The old man's gaze darkened. "To accomplish great things, some sacrifices must be made. If necessary, offer the Wray family some benefits. Handle the situation in Valen Village."
Astor chuckled softly. "They are just a bunch of greedy, lowly individuals who believe they've accomplished something on their own just by riding on your coattails."
"Astor, be careful with your words." The old man's appearance was deceptively benign. He looked like someone who would do no harm. Even the cup he used was a cheap one bought from a supermarket.
"Go now. Remember, anyone but the Quinnel family can take charge in the Chamber of Commerce," the old man reminded.
Astor bowed his head. "I'll take care of it right away."
"The Winston family-" The old man started coughing before he continued, "Tell them to meet me at the usual place."
Astor was most concerned about the old man's health. "You're coughing again. This issue with the Wray family has affected your reassignment.
"Those higher-ups don't even consider the effort you put into the development here and are fixating on these trivial matters."
"Astor, how many times have I told you? Broaden your perspective. Alright, enough about this. Go get my medicine," the old man ordered.
Astor quickly helped the old man to his feet.
They had to meet the Winston family frequently. For over a decade, the medicine they provided had always rejuvenated the old man.
As for the scholarship committee, he still needed to assess which family would be more suitable to handle it.
Astor wasn't worried about Kenton. He didn't think Kenton had the guts to betray them as he should know his own worth. After all, Kenton was merely a pawn who had been given a chance by the old man.
However, this incident had altered some of Astor's views.
Wynter, regardless of her motives, had created such turmoil for the Wray family. It was time
to give her a proper warning.
The Quinnell family could pursue profits in Hawford's business world, but they absolutely shouldn't have caused the Wray family to fall in this manner.
Astor narrowed his eyes. When he left the office, his expression was no longer the mild demeanor he displayed for the old man. His face was now shadowed with something more sinister.
The car Kenton was in took a detour for an hour, and no one knew where he had gone in between. Everyone assumed that the interrogation would only begin the moment he entered the police station.
He didn't even have to seek out a lawyer since his connections were already making calls on his behalf.
Little did they know that such actions were practically biting on the bait Wynter had put out. They were practically swimming to their own demise.
As soon as Kenton stepped inside, someone discreetly warned him not to speak carelessly. Yet, what no one realized was that he had already said all he needed to say.
At that moment, Kenton truly understood Wynter's brilliance. As long as he kept quiet, no one would realize the disaster that was already looming over them.
One after another, people would emerge, anxious about their involvement in his predicament. Wynter would be able to gain evidence just by seeing who was the most worried due to Kenton's case.
He knew without having to think that those individuals likely believed this was just another routine case of economic crime. As far as they were concerned, he was the only one facing consequences, and it wouldn't affect them at all.
Kenton scoffed and clenched his fist in the dark. He didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He was wrong, and he wasn't the only one. Those who believed they could defeat the Quinnell family had miscalculated gravely.
Suddenly, a loud bang was heard.
###chapter1505
Chapter 1505 The Sly Montclairs
Kenton slammed his hand heavily on the desk. He had been outplayed by someone who, on the surface, appeared to be a privileged scion.
Yet, there was nothing he could do to change it. No matter what he said, someone would come to handle him. At this point, his only option was to make everything appear as mere economic crimes to protect himself. Wynter had anticipated this, which was why she had acted in this calculated manner.
Even now, to the outside world, Wynter was still seen as a brash youngster who had somehow made some
money.
Many believed that she couldn't see the bigger picture since she came from the countryside. She'd end up burning herself by taking down the Wray family. After all, how could she possibly survive in a city as cutthroat as Hawford?
Such thoughts often came from arrogance and jealousy. Deep down, though they wouldn't admit it, they wished they could be Wynter.
The amount of money the Quinnell family had made from the stock market this time was unimaginable. The profits were astronomical just from the gold alone, not to mention that plot of land's value!
If Wray Group had once been considered the wealthiest in Hawford, then Wynter had now surpassed them in a truly remarkable way!
Those aligned with the Whitman family all benefited from this wave of success, while those in the opposition suffered heavy losses.
A steady stream of people visited Reuben, and for the first time in years, it seemed as though the Whitman family was regaining its former glory.
Cyrus was completely stunned when he heard about the stock market developments. As someone who studied finance, he knew better than anyone just how incredible Wynter's achievements were. What she had done wasn't just because of luck, as outsiders liked to claim!
He felt like he was floating. After a long while of hesitation, he finally asked Reuben, "Grandpa, does Wynter have a degree in finance?"
Unexpectedly, Reuben only smiled as he watched the continuous stream of business partners arriving. "I don't know much about Wynter's matters.'
Cyrus had never worn such a complicated expression in his life. His phone was flooded with messages from Ophelia. Her words seemed caring on the surface, claiming she missed him.
But upon clearer inspections, the underlying message was clear. She was upset that Wynter had stolen Cyrus' spotlight in the Whitman family.
As Cyrus looked at the messages, he felt a strong urge to respond that Wynter hadn't stolen his spotlight. Rather, all the prestige and success that the Whitman family was now enjoying had been brought by her in the first place.
He remembered a time when the Whitman family had been just as vibrant when he was younger. But ever since the Wray family had risen to prominence, fewer and fewer people came to visit Quaint Villa.
Now, everything had returned to how it once was! The only person who couldn't seem to understand this was Ophelia.
Cyrus didn't bother replying to her messages. He had seen everything he needed to see online.
"Mom, you know as well as I do how Dad has treated you all these years. I advise you, for your own sake, to
stop what you're doing while there's still time." This was Cyrus' final plea as her son.
Yet, Ophelia was having none of it. She even cursed under her breath, "This child has gone insane! He is just like his heartless father! I'm doing everything for his sake!"
She quickly typed a reply. "You are no longer my son from now on! You are just like the Whitmans- sickeningly self-righteous! How dare you side with some outsiders and not protect your own mother?' Ophelia couldn't handle the fact that Cyrus wasn't on her side. Her messages were filled with curses and resentment.
Seeing this, Tamia tried to calm her down, advising her to hold on a bit longer. 'That girl won't be in the spotlight for long. If they can investigate the Wray family's accounts, they can investigate the Whitman family, too."
"What do you mean?" Ophelia's head shot up.
Tamia's chuckle was sharp and unsettling, as if there were thorns hidden beneath the surface. "The Whitman family has been in business for years, and your uncle's personality is no secret. Do you really think Taylor has kept all his accounts spotless?"
###chapter1506
Chapter 1506 The Montclairs Will Fall Sooner or Later
"Back then, we kept the Whitman family afloat. But now..." Tamia sipped her rose tea before continuing, 'It's none of our business anymore if they want to dig their own graves."
Not long after she finished speaking, a middle-aged man stepped into the room.
Upon seeing him, Tamia's brows furrowed deeply. The very sight of her eldest son irked her. In him, she saw everything despicable about the Montclair family. If it weren't for his gambling addiction, their family wouldn't have fallen so far.
"What are you doing here?" Tamia asked sharply.
Alfred Montclair rubbed his palms together and grinned sheepishly. 'Mom, I've been a bit short on cash recently. First and foremost, I missed you, and second, well, I need some money."
Before Tamia could respond, Ophelia stood up. 'Alfred, Mom gave you 20 million last month! How did you spend it so fast?"
Tamia's previously good mood evaporated, and her face darkened. "I didn't raise you just so you could leech off me! Did you really blow through 20 million that quickly? Do you think I'm made of money?"
Tamia might have been less upset if they had still had that billion from the stock market. But with funds running low and Alfred showing up to ask for more, it was like pouring fuel on the fire.
Alfred, however, acted as if he hadn't heard her as he casually walked over to the couch. "Yeah. I spend money fast, sure, but I'm still your son. The things back then... You know as well as I do who played a major role in getting our family where it is today."
Tamia immediately cut him off. 'We'll talk about money later, but keep your mouth shut. If anything goes out, you'll be the first one to end up behind bars!"
"Don't be mad, Mom. I heard about the family matters-the girl from the Quinnell family dares to go against the Montclair family. I thought I'd come back and lend a hand, you know?" Alfred tried to sound helpful.
Tamia grew wary. "Your younger brother is handling these matters. Stay out of it."
"Mom, we're both your sons. Yet, you're playing favorites.' Alfred's face darkened. "Fine, I won't interfere, but give me the money.
"I was the one who did those things to the Whitmans. I'll get caught in the crossfire if you go after them, so I need to leave first."
Tamia had been planning to ignore him. But hearing his words, her eyes narrowed. 'I'll give you the money. But swear that you won't come back for at least five years after you leave this time!"
"Don't worry, Mom. Once I get the money, all those secrets will come with me abroad." Alfred smirked with a wicked glint in his eyes. "Unlike the both of you, I'm not trying to destroy the Whitman family after gaining so much from them."
Tamia ignored his accusations. She transferred the money to him before handing him a bank card. 'Leave tomorrow. Go to a distant country."
Alfred pocketed the money without further protest. However, before leaving, he glanced at his usually quiet and obedient sister. "You pulled so many strings to marry Noah. Yet, even after the divorce, you're still using your tricks.
"I underestimated you, Ophelia. I thought you were different from Mom, but now I see you're just like her. There's no surprise there-you're her daughter, after all.
"But tell me, how long will the Whitman family tolerate this after everything you've done to Noah?"
"Get out!" Tamia snapped, irritated that Alfred had hit a nerve.
Ophelia turned away, unwilling to acknowledge her half-brother from another mother.
It wasn't about using tricks-Noah had refused to listen to her and instead chose to protect that sister of his!
Now, even her own son wasn't on her side. After all these years in the Whitman family, Noah owed her for everything!
###chapter1507
Chapter 1507 The Arrogant Montclairs
The entire Montclair family, except for Alfred, their black sheep, was steeped in arrogance.
However, Ophelia never saw it that way. Perhaps time had dulled her memory, making her forget how she was able to marry into the Whitman family and what it meant to be content.
The trap Kenton had set for Taylor wouldn't have succeeded without the Montclair family's assistance. Over the years, this had become an unspoken secret between the two families.
Tamia held firm control over the family's affairs, and her youngest son's greatest asset was his obedience.
The eldest, Alfred, was not her biological child, but the youngest, Landon Montclair was. Given that Landon was born late in Tamia's life, he was practically spoiled rotten.
Landon was currency seated in the agreed-upon meeting place between several families.
"How do you plan on dealing with the girl from the Quinnell family?" Edison Waldron asked.
The Waldron family was the one who organized this meeting. Yet, they had always played the silent partner's role. After all, they could profit from the rivalry between the Whitman and Wray families.
But now, with the Wray family in decline, it was only a matter of time before the old man would seek a family to do their bidding. The Whitman family was out of the question due to their ties to the Quinnell family.
This stroke of fortune had to land on the Waldron family no matter the cost! Edison was determined to make his family's value apparent to the old man!
Landon, still naive and riding the wave of newfound influence, couldn't help but voice his thoughts bluntly." Mr. Waldron, what you should be asking isn't how to deal with that Quinnell girl, but how to take advantage of the Whitman family.
"If you ask me, the Whitmans are so busy dealing with their own problems that we could easily step in and deal the final blow."
"You're quite astute, Mr. Montclair. That's exactly my intention. We all recognize that the public sentiment is currently in your favor, which is why I thought it best for us to collaborate and brainstorm a plan.
"But what exactly do you mean when you mention that they are busy with their own problems?" Edison replied in an unusually respectful tone. It was obvious he was flattering Landon
Just a few days ago, Edison would never have given this mama's boy a second thought. But the Montclair family had a knack for pulling shady tricks. They were all too aware of the discussions online.
Regardless of whether Noah had done anything to betray Ophelia or not, the Whitman family would have to hand over their shares to the Montclair family. In no time, the Montclair family's status would rise significantly.
That was the only reason why Edison was acting this way.
Landon relished this newfound attention. After all, he was a member of the Chamber of Commerce, yet these people always treated him as inferior. In the past, no one paid him any mind when he spoke.
These people might have been successful in business, but none could compare to the advantage he had from Ophelia's marriage.
Landon knew how to play his cards right. He picked up his teacup and blew on it before speaking, "The public opinion is secondary. My mother holds the key to the Whitman family's fate.
"That Taylor.. since he always looked down on others, he is about to face some hardships during the account inspection. Soon enough, the Whitman family will pay the price for what that girl has done!"
Edison, a seasoned fox in the business world, quickly picked up on Landon's implication. "Are you suggesting there are issues with the Whitman family's accounts?"
Landon replied dismissively, a look of superiority on his face, "There will definitely be issues if they don't obediently give my sister what she deserves.
"My brother-in-law used to look down on me, but now it's his brother's turn to be the family disgrace. Isn't that hilarious?"
The Chamber of Commerce members each had their own agendas. But with the Montclair family holding so much leverage, they were eager to support whatever Landon said.
Edison, always cautious, asked, "Is anyone aware of this plan?" "Rest assured, not a single soul knows," Landon replied.
###chapter1508
Chapter 1508 Yvette Refuses to Change
Landon was smiling widely, lacking any semblance of the dignified demeanor expected of a scion from a prominent family. In fact, he seemed beneath even some street thugs. There was a reason the Chamber of Commerce members looked down on him.
Landon believed that his gambling-addicted elder brother wouldn't return to Cascadia for nearly a decade. As long as the Montclair family could bring down the Whitman family, he would have the power to dictate terms within the entire Chamber!
In this regard, he certainly aligned with Tamia, who embodied all the flaws of her generation. She was shrewd, calculated, and had a knack for playing favorites while looking down on others.
Tamia had no desire for Alfred to return, which explained why she was so quick to hand over money.
In her eyes, it was only a matter of time before Taylor would soon face legal troubles and the Whitman family would plummet from its current highs into despair. Wynter, too, would pay the price for it.
All of this felt like an established fact to her! The movements of various aristocratic families conspiring against Wynter only bolstered her confidence.
None of them thought to ask Kenton for information. If anyone had the slightest intention of saving him, they might have been able to gather some real intel about Wynter.
Yvette, on the other hand, was begging everywhere. She was claiming she knew Wynter's secrets and could help them avoid potential pitfalls.
But among the aristocratic families, who would still want to meet her? The wealthy ladies would rather see her gone.
The rich had their own subtle ways of humiliating others and were never direct. Instead, they would choose to torture one slowly.
Right now, Yvette was so terrified she could barely sleep.
She knew murder was illegal, and they couldn't simply make her disappear in the bustling city. With her involvement in the Wray family's economic scandal, she was compelled to assist with the investigation.
Ironically, she felt safest when she was in the police station. After all, once she stepped outside, she would be shadowed by a group of intimidating bodyguards
At night, she could hear knocking on her windows and doors, with those men seemingly intent on assaulting her. They wouldn't allow her to leave, nor did they plan to let her live comfortably in Hawford.
Yvette had attempted to report this to the police, but without evidence, her cries for help went unheard. Now, she had no choice but to seek out the ladies whom she had previously maintained good relations with. "We didn't go looking for you, but here you are. You're just a bumpkin who crawled out of the hills, yet you dared to fool us into thinking you're some kind of fortune teller," Rosalyn Barne, the Waldron family's lady, said with a sneer.
She continued, "That sister of yours is the esteemed one. What are you supposed to be? We've arranged a meeting with Ms. Quinnell, so I advise you to leave now if you don't want to see her."
Yvette perked up at the mention of Wynter. "Mrs. Waldron! I know you're just trying to put on a show by inviting her here.
"It's not like you genuinely want to get to know her. You're just trying to intimidate her. I know her secret! I really do!
"She's not what she seems. Don't be fooled by her appearance. You must have read comics, right? She's just like-"
"Shut up!" Rosalyn was utterly disgusted with Yvette, a mere bumpkin, who didn't know how to behave appropriately.
No matter how much the Waldron family wanted to deal with Wynter behind the scenes, they shouldn't air it in public
Wynter had already cost them a fortune in the stock market. Firstly, it was because of the false promises made by Yvette. Secondly, Wynter not only had the Quinnell and Whitman families backing her but also reportedly had the support of the Yarwood family's youngest head.
Rosalyn's husband had considered this and thought it was best to invite Wynter for a discussion. The
Waldron family certainly hoped Wynter would realize the situation and act wisely.
Now, with Yvette shouting like this, Rosalyn couldn't help but feel annoyed. 'If you can't handle this game, then don't play! What business do you have meddling in our affairs, you bumpkin?"
###chapter1509
Chapter 1509 Cannot Compare to the Homecoming Queen
The surrounding customers, who had been enjoying their afternoon tea, all turned to look at the commotion. "The waiter! Where's the waiter?' Rosalyn exclaimed.
These ladies were regulars, and considering the membership fees they paid, the manager intervened before any waiters could come. "Mrs. Waldron, how can I assist you?"
"Ah, perfect timing. I wanted to ask when your establishment started allowing bumpkins in," Rosalyn said as her gaze swept disdainfully over Yvette.
Without missing a beat, the manager immediately warned Yvette to leave.
Meanwhile, Wynter had just arrived at the venue, finding it heavily congested. She had agreed to meet Rosalyn because she needed to uncover some very important information.
There was a voice in her dreams that had never appeared before-the voice responsible for harming Marie. She would feel uneasy until she found that person.
Wynter had never been concerned about the obvious threats, like Yvette, whom she had been ordering people to monitor closely.
She was aware of Yvette's frantic ramblings. She had kept her around in Hawford specifically to distract the aristocratic families from her real intentions.
In reality, the person Wynter was keeping an eye on today had just left the Montclair family and was headed to the airport. But there was no need for her to handle that personally. The special unit would take care of that.
Meanwhile, Wynter adopted her usual carefree demeanor, reminiscent of a spoiled scion. Her flashy car, vibrant in color, drew attention as it zipped along Riogeb
This caused many to turn their heads, especially among tourists. Among them were five or six college students who stared wide-eyed at the car. However, they didn't realize who was inside.
One of them exclaimed, "That car must cost a fortune."
"So what? I'm sure our homecoming queen can afford it."
These comments came from Yvette's classmates from Southdale. They were Wynter's old acquaintances. They were in Hawford for a vacation and had planned to visit their homecoming queen, Yvette.
They had contacted her about two weeks prior, and Yvette had eagerly welcomed them, inviting them to call when they arrived.
Wanting to make a good impression, they decided they couldn't show up empty-handed and planned to buy gifts for her. They had heard that this street was the most expensive, so it was the perfect place to choose something special
After all, Yvette had become a prominent figure in Hawford. She was someone everyone adored, and they didn't want to embarrass themselves!
As the group of students wandered through the streets, they spotted a particularly charming coffee shop with a long queue. This shop was rumored to be a century-old establishment.
"Let's check it out!" one of them suggested.
"Yeah! Yvette loves coffee. Let's buy her some."
After arriving in Hawford, the students felt somewhat dazzled by the city's vibrancy.
"This is amazing. Our Southdale can't compare to this."
"Keep it down, bro. This is Hawford."
Just then, one of them stopped in his tracks.
"What's up, Terrence?"
"Nothing. I just saw someone who shouldn't be here," Terrence Herriot replied while glancing toward Wynter.
He tugged at his black backpack and stared at her in disdain. "Let's keep our distance. We don't want that fangirl bothering us."
The others soon caught sight of Wynter as well.
"What's she doing here?"
"How would I know?"
"I thought she went back to her village."
"I don't think so. I heard she knows some big shots now."
"Her? Come on."
Terrence scoffed. 'She'll definitely feel embarrassed if she sees Yvette now. Just think about it-she always tried to compare herself with Yvette."
Just then, someone shouted, "Hey, Wynter!"
###chapter1510
Chapter 1510 Something Is Wrong With You
Wynter had noticed this group of people much earlier, but she didn't have a good impression of them.
Although they hadn't secretly bullied her at the time, in her memory, they would always make a few mocking remarks about her to please Yvette.
Some people from the countryside did have some bad habits. They would always think that whatever they knew was the absolute truth. Compared to people from larger cities, the biggest difference was the
information gap.
It was just like telling someone worth tens of millions that a car worth around 300 thousand was expensive- they wouldn't understand. But if you were to tell someone worth a few dollars the same thing, he would agree with you.
In business, the information gap was especially crucial. Some people made a fortune by leveraging certain information, while others chose to not take the information seriously.
For instance, it wasn't as if no one had warned these people from Southdale before that Wynter was no longer the same as before and that they shouldn't provoke her like they used to. Just look at what happened to the Shepherd family, and one would understand.
But in these students' eyes, how impressive could Wynter get? She just had some minor connections. The Shepherd family fell because they offended someone they shouldn't have, and Wynter just got lucky.
She wasn't like Yvette, who frequented Hawford's high-end, well-known establishments. They had seen Yvette's social media and were truly envious!
For them, even just getting an interview and receiving a job offer once they graduated would make them ecstatic, let alone being familiar with a CEO.
However, those who truly paid attention to major companies would know that not long ago, it was revealed who Wynter was. Although only a side profile was shown, anyone who had seen it wouldn't continue acting this way.
To put it bluntly, this group of students from Southdale, although praised for their academic achievements, lacked not just vision-they were still stuck in their world.
To them, being impressive after school meant being able to enter high-end venues, as if that alone equated to wealth.
So, when they saw Wynter, they still maintained their usual arrogance.
"What are you doing here?' One of them blocked Wynter's path and sized her up. "Are you also here to follow Yvette?"
Wynter was a bit different from what they had imagined. Her style of dress and the way she carried herself had changed. Cool and distant, she was much more beautiful than when she was in Southdale!
A few of the male students exchanged glances, feeling a bit regretful. If they had known, they would have tried to get closer to her. That face and figure were perfect for some fun. Maybe this was the benefit of living in a big city.
Wynter, sharp as ever, immediately caught the meaning behind their looks. She raised an eyebrow, her voice indifferent as she said a single word to the person blocking her, "Move."
The male students instantly felt their blood boil. This was especially true for Terrence, whose family had some standing-his parents worked at a bank. He was instantly triggered when he saw her acting like this.
"Wynter, we came from the same place. That's the only reason why we stopped to greet you. Who do you think you are? Do you really think you're one of them now just because you've come to Hawford?"
Terrence sneered. "If you're so capable, be like Yvette-settle down in Hawford on your own and have all the big shots wanting to work with you. But you can't, can you? That's why you're wandering around aimlessly like this."
His outburst naturally drew the nearby tourists' attention. The surrounding area was filled with colonial houses, modern restaurants, and cafes. Hearing what Terrence said, people started turning their heads to watch.
Wynter had initially not intended to engage with this group, but now her gaze landed on them. She pointed to her head with a lazy, mischievous air. 'Is there something seriously wrong with you people up here?"
###chapter1511

Chapter 1511 Yvette Being Chased Out
Some of the bystanders who heard Wynter's retort couldn't help but stifle a laugh.
This made the group feel like they had been embarrassed. Just as they were about to snap back, a louder commotion suddenly came from up ahead. It sounded as if someone had been kicked out of one of the colonial buildings.
Terrence couldn't be bothered with Wynter anymore and threw out a dismissive remark," What an uncouth country bumpkin."
He then pulled the others along toward the front. They still wanted to line up to buy some palmiers... What was the ruckus about?
It wasn't until they saw a familiar figure being shoved out of a café that they blinked in disbelief, momentarily stunned.
"Yvette!" Terrence, who had always fawned over her, immediately rushed forward. "What are you doing? Who gave you the right to push her? We're paying customers!"
These students, not having graduated yet, clearly didn't understand some of the rules around here. For instance, this century-old establishment operated on a membership basis and had the right to choose which customers to serve freely.
Yvette felt her world crumbling the moment she heard that familiar voice. Her face turned pale when the group approached her. Under so many onlookers' gaze, she wished she could find a hole to crawl into.
Her most humiliating moment had been witnessed by people from her hometown! How could she maintain her carefully crafted image on her social media after this? And yet, the group was still relentlessly arguing with the manager.
The century-old establishment's manager wasn't one to be easily pushed around. "Sir, you're customers from the neighboring café, not ours.
"This young lady was disturbing our customers. She refused when we asked her to leave, so we had no choice but to have security escort her out.
"If you feel wronged, feel free to call the police. We run our business with our own rules and don't serve non-members. She uses someone else's card every time she comes. How could she feel mistreated when we didn't let her this time?"
The manager, much more adept at dealing blows than the students, continued, "We don't want to serve such customers. Since you know her, please take her away."
The disdain in his tone was palpable. Previously, Yvette had acted as though she was royalty whenever she visited. Whoever crossed her path would feel her wrath, and she often mistreated their waitstaff.
She didn't even have her own membership card, likely because she couldn't afford the million-dollar deposit required, but she constantly used Rosalyn's card.
Back then, those ladies pampered her and always talked to her respectfully. The staff couldn't say anything and had to endure her unreasonable demands. But now, they no longer had to cater to her whims!
It might still be fine if the manager didn't speak, but his sentences were enough to thoroughly shatter Yvette's pride. Not only were there familiar faces around, but there were also many tourists nearby, all whispering and gossiping about her.
The students were completely stunned, especially Terrence. He paused for a moment before his eyes widened with fury. "You're just a service worker! Did you say Yvette needed to mooch off a card here? What a joke!
"Do you even know how powerful her connections are in Hawford? So many big shots are lining up to work with her. Stop talking nonsense if you don't know your stuff!"
The store manager chuckled disdainfully. "Well, I sure didn't know she had those connections. Coming from some countryside, she's good at scheming and lying to people, that much is clear.
"But her tricks aren't too hard to see through. I'll say it one more time-leave our establishment, and stop disturbing our guests."
"You!" Terrence's face turned red with anger. He couldn't allow his crush to be insulted like this.
The other male students seemed to realize something. They exchanged glances and tugged at Terrence's sleeve, whispering, "We really aren't supposed to just barge into a place like this."
###chapter1512

Chapter 1512 A Slap in the Face
"That doesn't mean you can treat her like this!" Terrence looked at Yvette, who remained silent. He refused to believe that his crush was anything like what the manager had claimed.
"Yvette, call Mr. Lark or Mr. Waldron right now. Let's see if he dares to talk to you like this once they arrive. You're just too kind," Terrence said to Yvette.
Yvette clenched her fists in frustration. She wondered how someone could be this stupid! She had already tried to stop him, yet he kept running his mouth!
"Terrence, forget it. You guys are finally visiting Hawford, so let me show you around."
All she wanted now was to leave as quickly as possible. The longer she stayed, the more likely her lies would be exposed.
These na?ve people would still believe her if she played her cards right. She had already embarrassed herself enough and couldn't bear more humiliation!
However, Terrence didn't catch on to her intentions and continued to argue stubbornly. The manager, tired of wasting time with them, raised his hand and called for security.
Terrence felt the obvious disdain from him—these people looked at them as if they were beggars! Was this a joke?
He wanted to shout back, but the security guards' arrival and the growing attention from onlookers made him realize how embarrassing his actions were becoming.
His face flushed red with anger, and he muttered defensively, "It's just a café anyway. They're everywhere. Like anyone actually cares about coming here."
He conveniently forgot how they had been taking photos earlier, admiring the place and envying those who could afford to dine there. It wasn't just any café but was a century-old establishment located in the former Frenda Concession.
The manager, used to dealing with entitled customers, smirked at Yvette. "Did you hear that, Ms. Yates? If you had your friend's level of pride, you wouldn't always be trying to sneak in."
Yvette bit her lips, unable to muster a single retort.
The other male students weren't clueless. They overheard the murmurs around them and glanced at Terrence.
Terrence was about to snap when he spotted the familiar figure in the crowd again. "Great, just my luck. Nothing good happens whenever I run into you."
The manager, who had been haughtily kicking people out earlier, suddenly lit up with a smile. His attitude transformed into one of impeccable politeness and elegance. "Ms. Quinnell, you've finally arrived!"
What did he just call Wynter? Ms. Quinnell?
All the male students, including Terrence, were frozen in place. Their eyes widened in disbelief, and they felt as if they had been punched in the gut. They stood there, unable to process what had just happened, watching helplessly as Wynter walked past them nonchalantly.
Wynter wasn't one to care about watching a scene, but since she had an arrangement here, she casually listened in on the situation.
Rosalyn had mentioned giving her a gift. Could she mean Yvette? Wynter's lips curled into a faintly mischievous smile. The Waldron family really knew how to play both sides.
It didn't matter whether this was a test to gauge her reaction to Yvette or if they truly thought Yvette could pose any threat to her. To Wynter, such moves were nothing but courting disaster.
She nodded slightly to the manager without saying much.
The manager immediately began clearing the way for her. "Mrs. Waldron has been waiting for you for quite some time. She's been asking me to keep an eye out for you. We've all heard about your success in the stock market.
"Ms. Quinnell, how do you manage to turn everything you touch into gold? I have a few friends in finance, but they might as well be amateurs when compared to you! You're like the living embodiment of a stock market legend!"
###chapter1513

Chapter 1513 They Do Not Get a Say in the Stock Market
The things the manager mentioned were completely foreign to the group of male students from Southdale, but Hawford's locals had all heard the news.
That day, the stock market had seen gold shares rise by nearly 40 dollars per share!
Countless gold stores in malls followed suit and increased their prices.
Across the entire stock exchange, Wynter held control over more than half of the shares. The amount of money she had earned was beyond imagination.
On top of that, the land she had acquired was confirmed to be slated for development and would become one of the largest economic zones in recent years!
In an instant, the club's members, who were there for business, couldn't help but want to approach her and strike up a conversation. The male students, along with Yvette, were unceremoniously pushed to the side.
"Ms. Quinnell! I never expected to run into you here!"
The one speaking was a middle-aged man who had just stepped out of a luxury car. Though he was advanced in years, his well-tailored suit's sharpness made it clear he was wealthy. Yet, even someone like him was eagerly engaging with Wynter, almost with a tone of flattery.
In stark contrast, Yvette, who had been leeching off someone else's membership card, appeared utterly insignificant. As for Terrence, who had been trying to stand up for her, he looked completely out of place.
No one was a fool. At that moment, the male students fully grasped just how narrow- minded and ignorant they had been!
Reflecting on the mocking words they had hurled at Wynter earlier, they all wished they could disappear into the ground in sheer embarrassment.
Wynter, however, seemed completely indifferent to everything happening around her, including the things Yvette had said about her.
But for Yvette, this was a completely different matter. She was itching to expose her secrets now that she was finally seeing Wynter after such a long time.
However, who would believe anything she had to say? In the current state of affairs in Hawford, people either wanted to bring Wynter down or curry favor with her.
She had become nothing short of an icon, especially in financial circles. A true prodigy like her was a rare sight!
After all, it wasn't just luck that she managed to pull the Blaise family from the brink of bankruptcy. She managed to turn them into one of the top ten national retailers while creating a massive impact for domestic brands. Such ability couldn't simply be attributed to good fortune.
Successful business people began to gather, unable to resist asking for advice.
"Ms. Quinnell, how did you predict that gold prices would rise? Could you share your insights?"
Wynter's gaze briefly swept over to Yvette. "Well, I have to thank the Wray family for that. They blindly shorted the stock market, aiming to siphon off Cascadia's money. Without that, I wouldn't have noticed that gold had the potential for a major surge."
"What's the reasoning behind that?" Some people didn't quite understand.
Wynter chuckled lightly, enjoying the subtle power of her words. "It all started with a piece of gossip I read."
Gossip? Yvette's fingers stiffened. She wanted to leave, given how embarrassing her current situation was, but she couldn't bring herself to. She desperately wanted to know why she had lost.
On the surface, everything pointed to gold continuing to drop. In fact, she had heard from her own sources that gold was on a downward trend.
They had both read the same gossip. So, how had Wynter gotten it right? Her fists clenched tighter, and her nails dug into her palms.
Wynter's gaze passed over her once more. "Even gossip needs to be read carefully. That's something my grandfather often reminded me of."
"Oh, so was it Mr. Reuben who taught you?" someone remarked in admiration. "But what kind of gossip could lead to such a major decision?"
Wynter's smile deepened. "It wasn't much, really. The gossip suggested that someone was trying to siphon funds from Cascadia by manipulating the stock market and gold prices. They thought that by making a move, they could throw our market into chaos.
"But they overlooked one critical factor-the buying power of our country's elderly ladies. Whether gold prices go up or down isn't up to them-it's up to the elderly."
###chapter1514

Chapter 1514 A Bitter Pill to Swallow
Yvette stiffened as she listened to the conversation from the side.
She had indeed come across such trending topics before but had never taken them seriously. To her, it was laughable to think that a group of elderly women, no matter how enthusiastic, could influence the market in any significant way.
How could their purchasing power ever compare to the capital wielded by large
corporations, which could invest tens of millions into stocks at will? Such news had always seemed trivial to her!
Now, to be told that she lost because of those very elderly women she had always looked down upon? It was a bitter pill for Yvette to swallow!
She was someone who had been reborn with all her knowledge of the future. So, wasn't she supposed to be favored by fate? Why did Wynter keep winning her at every turn?
The hatred she felt burned deep as she stared at Wynter. She didn't understand why no one would listen to her side of the story!
This Wynter was nothing like the one she remembered.
Yvette recalled that Wynter's situation had been even worse than it was when she was with the Yates family after she was brought back to the Quinnell family. The people from Kingbourne treated her like a joke.
It was Naomi who had truly been the center of attention and was adored like a real heiress. That was why Yvette had tried to befriend her in the beginning, thinking it would benefit her in the long run.
But now, Yvette realized that everything she thought she knew had changed. The Quinnell family, which was supposed to have collapsed by now, was more powerful than ever.
As for Dalton, why hadn't he been in a car accident yet? Aside from that, even the stock market was different from what she had expected.
Yvette's throat grew dry as she glanced at Wynter again, this time with a growing sense of fear. She didn't even know what exactly she was afraid of.
In the past, people had often whispered that Wynter was "dangerous", but Yvette had never felt it—until now. Despite the blazing sun, beating down with over 85 Fahrenheit of heat, she felt no warmth at all.
Wynter didn't even move her gaze away. She simply looked at Yvette, and it felt like she was staring straight through her, as if she could see into the depths of her soul.
Yvette's face turned pale as she recalled the conversation she had with the old man before coming to Hawford. He had told her to report any information about the Quinnell family to him immediately, promising her corresponding benefits in return.
Now, looking at Wynter's strange demeanor, she wondered if this could be considered valuable information about the Quinnell family. Although she couldn't pinpoint exactly what had changed in Wynter, there was no doubt that something was off.
Lowering her gaze, Yvette's mind raced to piece things together.
The only thing that remained consistent with her previous knowledge was that the Winston family was still around. She didn't know what strategy the Winston family would employ, but in her past life, they had emerged as one of the most envied and respected families. However, through her contact with the old man, she knew just how unfathomable he was. Additionally, the Winston family wasn't as simple as they appeared to be. The Winston family's business wasn't limited to Kingbourne but had substantial investments in Hawford as well!
While Yvette still hadn't figured out exactly what industries the Winston family controlled, this wouldn't stop her from moving forward with her plan!
If no one here believed her, then she would go to the old man. She wasn't going to let Wynter live so easily!
While Yvette's thoughts were filled with schemes, the male students who had stood up for her, especially Terrence, were feeling nothing but embarrassment. If they could sink into the ground, they would!
They watched as Wynter was respectfully escorted inside while they became the subject of mocking stares. People were looking back at them as if they were part of some ridiculous spectacle.
Terrence felt a deep sense of frustration and helplessness. The woman he had idolized was utterly powerless in this situation.
Worse still, she was now clutching his sleeve, asking him to quickly help her hail a cab so she could leave early for something urgent. This left a bitter taste gnawing at him.
###chapter1515
Chapter 1515 Seeing Through Yvette's Lies
Among the group of male students, one couldn't contain his curiosity and asked a bystander, 'Why are they being so respectful to that girl?"
"Don't you know her?" The bystander was astonished. 'She's currently one of the wealthiest people in
Hawford. That piece of land she acquired is valued at billions! Not to mention her accomplishments in other areas."
Terrence's heart grew heavier as the words sank in. The male students' expressions varied, but the weight of embarrassment was palpable. It was clear that they all regretted their earlier actions, but what could they do
now?
Being kicked out had already been humiliating enough. They couldn't stay there any longer.
As they walked away, one of them mumbled, 'Do you think Wynter is really that rich? We're talking billions here."
No one replied. They had all seen the reactions of those around her, and any attempt to deny it would make them look foolish.
"Yvette! You're in Hawford, too. Have you heard about what Wynter has been doing?"
Their curiosity was natural, considering how different Wynter seemed from the girl from Southdale they remembered.
Wynter used to be a girl who would trail behind Charlie like a love-struck fool. That was why they asked Yvette, thinking she might have some insight.
Yvette was agitated at the mere mention of Wynter. She took a deep breath and glared at the one who had spoken.
"Carnell, if you're trying to humiliate me, just say so. I don't know anything about her situation, nor do I know if she actually bought any land."
The group, who had always regarded Yvette as someone unattainable, fell silent, instinctively taking her words seriously. But today's events had truly shaken them.
Carnell Binet wasn't foolish. He scrolled through his phone as he quietly remarked, "From the way you acted earlier, it didn't seem like you didn't know."
Yvette clenched her fists. 'I may have been humiliated today, but that doesn't mean I'll let that manager get away with it.
"I was happy to see you all, but if this is the kind of conversation we're going to have, I don't want to hear any more of it! Are you implying that I'm lying?"
"I didn't mean it that way." Carnell shrugged. He noticed everyone's gaze and tried to ease the tension. "I was just curious. No need to get upset, okay?"
Yvette was still frustrated. "Is this how you show curiosity? Fine, I get it. The situation was bound to cause misunderstandings. Let's just forget it. What do you want to eat? I'll treat you all."
No one felt like eating anymore with everything that had just happened. They had indeed come to see Yvette, but now, the excitement from earlier had completely evaporated.
The news about Wynter weighed heavily on them like a massive stone, making it hard to breathe.
They couldn't help but wonder if their issues regarding employment could have been resolved if they had treated Wynter better before. Instead, they had offended one of the wealthiest people in Hawford!
Terrence felt particularly miserable, though he wouldn't admit it aloud. "Didn't you hear what Yvette said? The land acquisition could just be a rumor. We can't tell what's true or false. Think about it-could someone like Wynter really have acquired any land?'
Just as he was getting into his groove of downplaying Wynter, one of the male students handed his phone to
him. "The land acquisition is real. The news broke yesterday about the Hawford Development Zone. Its value might exceed even billions."
Terrence fell silent, his face turning crimson, as if he could bleed from the embarrassment.
The other male students came from families with solid backgrounds. They could tolerate a girl wanting to gain something from them or even a little white lie now and then.
But Yvette was different, often distorting the truth to suit her narrative
###chapter1516
Chapter 1516 The Plan Backfired
In an instant, they felt disenchanted with Yvette. They all had the money to pay for their meals anyway, so there was no need to flatter her any longer.
All of them glanced at Terrence, whose mind was a chaotic mess. He wished Yvette was right as that would mean his judgment wasn't flawed. However, the reality was quite the opposite. All he could feel was the mounting embarrassment!
"I'm not going," Camell was the first to speak up.
One by one, the others followed suit, expressing their reluctance to join the meal. When no one wanted to go out for even a treated meal, it clearly indicated that the host lacked social standing.
Yvette had never experienced such humiliation before. She was used to being the center of attention and having people flock to her. Now, even these inexperienced young men were looking down on her!
"I understand now! You all favor the rich. Now that Wynter is successful, you want to curry favor with her." Yvette sneered. 'It's just like how you used to flatter me."
No one wanted to hear her speak like that. They were all young men filled with youthful vigor.
"Who are you talking about?' Carnell was offended. "We're not Terrence!"
"Terrence, listen to him! How can he say that about me?" Yvette was on the verge of tears, leveraging her looks to appear pitiful.
Terrence stood in the middle, caught between his friends and crush. He could never have imagined that coming to Hawford would result in such a scene.
Yvette had changed, and the mutual disdain between his friends and Yvette was palpable. The arguments were overshadowing any semblance of camaraderie.
He had thought that once they arrived in Hawford, Yvette would summon a chauffeur to take them on a tour of major companies. He had even bragged about it before they arrived, only to find that nothing was as he had imagined.
Yvette, like her social media persona, seemed glamorous but was riddled with flaws.
This was the most embarrassing moment for Terrence! Men like him often didn't truly like anyone. He was only enamored with the status and benefits she could bring.
So, when Yvette was no longer someone with a high standing, he swiftly pulled his hand away from hers. Yvette was momentarily stunned. She hadn't expected her most loyal admirer would ever defy her. Terrence was also at a loss, feeling only frustration. "Yvette, let's forget the meal. We're really in a hurry." Without waiting for her response, he strode off with the other young men. It was as if he was deliberately putting as much distance between himself and Yvette as possible
No one was more regretful than Terrence currently. He might have felt better if Wynter had taught them a lesson.
The most painful part was that Wynter didn't even glance at them, treating them as if they were mere nuisance. That realization hit the hardest!
The group of young men experienced true indifference for the first time.
Terrence wanted to find a way to contact Wynter. He asked everyone in the alumni group but soon remembered she hadn't even been added to the group.
Standing there, Yvette felt a headache coming on from the anger building inside her.
"Those arrogant fools will see what happens when I exchange information with the Winston family!' Yvette was fuming.
Recently, Yvette had been hounded by people hired by the aristocratic families. Now, she found herself
resentfully grateful to Wynter for forcing her into this humiliating situation. Without that confrontation, she might not have been able to shake off her pursuers!
Convinced of her own cleverness, Yvette thought she had the upper hand. She believed that Wynter was oblivious to her schemes.
And, unlike her, she was certain Wynter had secrets buried deep. With the Winston family backing her, she was confident she could create chaos!
Yvette believed that she had gotten rid of the aristocratic families that were stalking her. She waited until the male students were completely out of sight before she plotted to approach the Winston family.
However, she remained oblivious that this was a scheme deliberately orchestrated by Wynter. The comments about the stocks were also a calculated move. Since the very beginning, Wynter had already suspected that Yvette was not truly aligned with the Wray family.
Clyde's whereabouts had remained a mystery ever since he entered Hawford. Wynter didn't believe Yvette was unaware of it. That was why she had provoked her in front of everyone, planting a few pieces of bait to make Yvette think she had leverage over her.
Hence, the moment Yvette started making a move, there were already people following her. This time, however, the pursuers were not from the aristocratic families but from Wynter's side.
At the same time, Rosalyn, who had invited Wynter for afternoon tea, seemed amiable enough. But every single word she had said was subtly warning Wynter to be humble.
"I know your mother, Wynter. Let me give you some advice. Being amicable brings profits. We're all part of the Chamber of Commerce, so there's no need for us to turn against each other. Isn't it better if we all make money together?"
Wynter listened to her, not even bothering to lift her teacup. With one hand supporting her chin, she yawned out of boredom. It wasn't until her phone lit up with a notification that her eyes lit up with interest again.
"That's not a good idea,' she said, pressing a button on her phone.
After sending a brief message, she looked up with a playful smile. 'I thought you would be of a higher caliber since you took an hour out of your busy schedule for this, Mrs. Waldron. But it seems like we're just going around in circles with the same old advice."
Rosalyn couldn't help but chuckle dryly at Wynter's boldness. It was true that she had only managed to invite Wynter out due to her connection to Marie. But she had never encountered such arrogance from a youngster before.
"Well, what a sharp tongue you have!' Rosalyn sipped her tea. 'It seems we can't continue this conversation. I thought I was doing you a favor by reminding you out of respect for your mother, but you clearly don't appreciate it. Then I guess we'll see each other in business!"
Rosalyn grabbed her bag and left with a displeased and darkened expression.
When someone asked about it, she would just coldly remark, "Since she wants to ignore my warning, let's see what happens when the Montclair family steps in. Let's see if she can still be so arrogant when her uncle goes behind bars!"
The Montclair family had been eager to take action for a while. This was particularly true for Landon, who wanted to have a say in the Chamber of Commerce.
Hence, as soon as Alfred arrived at the airport, he made a call to the relevant authorities to report the Whitman Group for questionable financial practices.
In an instant, this action stirred up a storm of gossip. After all, the Whitman family already had a responsible figure embroiled in a divorce lawsuit. Noah was allegedly a scoundrel who refused to share any assets with his estranged wife after cheating on her!
The aristocratic families were more than happy to see such drama unfold, and the Montclair family was
thrilled.
Meanwhile, in Whitman Group's office, Noah sat in his office as he stared at the USB drive on his desk.
He soon called his secretary in. "Take this, and make everything public."
It was time to let the truth be known. No one enjoyed having their personal affairs become the subject of public scrutiny, but Whitman Group would suffer even more damage if he remained silent.
At the same time, Rodrigo sighed as he got on a phone call with Ophelia, who was in the Montclair residence. "We've just gathered some new information. It turns out that the Whitman family had transferred their shares long before, which means your marital assets are effectively zero.
"There's more bad news, Ms. Montclair. In the past two days, the internet has been buzzing about your divorce. At first, people sympathized with you, but just now, some very damaging evidence surfaced.
"Apparently, someone revealed that your marriage with Mr. Whitman wasn't as consensual as it seemed and that Noah was coerced into marrying you under a plot.
"Furthermore, there are allegations pointing toward Mrs. Montclair Senior's son, linking him to illegal activities and a series of crimes. Now, public opinion has completely shifted, with most of the blame falling on the Montclair family."
###chapter1517
Chapter 1517 The Montclair Family's Downfall
Ophelia's face paled at Rodrigo's words. Unable to contain herself, she shot up from the couch. "Who says the marriage wasn't consensual? Who can prove that? Would we have a son together if Noah didn't want to marry me?"
The most shameful part of Ophelia's life was that she had indeed used underhanded tactics to marry Noah. After all, it was very clear that Noah was unwilling when he woke up. He had coldly asked her to leave, as if he found her presence distasteful. It wasn't until Cyrus was born that his attitude began to shift.
But so what? After all these years, Ophelia refused to believe that Noah's affection was anything but genuine. No one could prove otherwise, so there was no way anyone could change the narrative!
Rodrigo's tone was strict. 'Ms. Montclair, I suggest you take a look at the video circulating online. It's from a long time ago. The video quality may be poor, but they provide crucial context.'
"Videos? What videos?' Ophelia's hands trembled. So much time had passed, so there shouldn't have been any evidence left! Someone online must be trying to stir up trouble!
Rodrigo sighed deeply again. "Ms. Montclair, I warned you when I took on your divorce case that you shouldn't withhold anything from me. It could impact my defense strategy. The situation is starting to turn against us, and you need to be prepared."
"Prepared for what?" Ophelia raised her voice. "It doesn't matter how we got married! The point is that we're getting divorced now! I have a right to claim our joint assets, right?"
"As you mentioned joint assets 'Rodrigo rubbed his forehead, unsure of how to proceed. 'Ms. Montclair, perhaps you should be more concerned about what your brother has done.
"Also, I have the asset distribution here. Noah only owns a small villa. Besides that, there are no other assets to claim. I've already mentioned that the company shares have been transferred, so you won't be able to claim those."
Ophelia's voice turned shrill, more piercing than ever. "How is it possible that I can't claim anything?"
Rodrigo patiently tried to explain the issue of diluted shares, but Ophelia couldn't accept this outcome at all." He's Whitman Group's executive president! How could he possibly have no company shares at all?"
Rodrigo felt overwhelmed but tried to remain calm. "Ms. Montclair, Noah likely anticipated that your marriage would face problems, so he transferred the company shares ahead of time. That's the most logical assumption."
"What do you mean by that?" Ophelia trembled. "Are you saying he was already prepared to divorce me?" Rodrigo nodded. "That seems to be the case."
Many listed companies' CEOs did things like this. But those were typically the ones with actual mistresses However, having reviewed the whole situation, Rodrigo found it hard to believe that Noah truly had a mistress. The chat records looked like they had been screenshotted and edited.
"Ms. Montclair, may I know if the online rumors about Mr. Whitman wronging you are real? Or were they fabricated?
In truth, Rodrigo wanted to know if those rumors had any backing from the Montclair family.
After all, the allegations against the Whitman family seemed to stem from the Montclairs' attempts to crush the Whitman Group. They were going as far as manipulating their accounts. However, he didn't have any solid proof yet, so he was trying to prepare himself.
But that question ignited Ophelia's anger. 'Of course it's true! Would I be getting a divorce if he hadn't wronged me? I must secure shares in Whitman Group no matter the cost! I didn't hire you to question my claims! I am your client!'
###chapter1518
Chapter 1518 The Montclairs Have No Shame
Ophelia's voice pierced through the room. The image of a once poised and elegant lady had completely shattered.
She was completely different from when she was in the Whitman family. She was once regarded as virtuous and dignified, keeping her distance from drama.
With her status as Mrs. Whitman, her life in the upper-class circles in Hawford was filled with luxury. Everyone admired her seemingly perfect marriage.
But Ophelia had never truly grasped that her comfortable life was propped up by Noah's success and support. Now, with her world turned upside down and reality refusing to align with her expectations, she broke down completely
Gone was any semblance of elegance. She began smashing s in the living room in frustration.
The maids knew better than to approach her when she was in such a volatile state. They could only speculate about her mood, sensing the storm brewing within her.
Rodrigo felt helpless about the situation. Hence, he spoke from a professional standpoint, "The possibility of obtaining shares is almost zero.
"The current public opinion is heavily against you, so I strongly recommend a private settlement. Mr. Whitman may be willing to offer some compensation.'
Ophelia screamed at the top of her lungs, "Are you deaf? How dare Noah have made plans to divorce me in advance? I want the shares from the Whitman family!
"If he transferred his assets early, doesn't that count as a crime? You need to investigate him! I won't accept a private settlement!"
Rodrigo wanted to explain that it wasn't just about her acceptance. It still depended on whether the Whitman family even wanted to discuss things with her.
But seeing her in such an agitated state, he decided it was best to end the call and wait for her emotions to settle before attempting to discuss the matter again.
The first thing Tamia heard when she entered the room was the distress in Ophelia's last sentence. Compared to Ophelia, who had always struggled to succeed in anything she did, the implications of transferring assets in advance were not lost on Tamia!
She completely ignored Ophelia, who was in obvious distress, as she grabbed her by the shoulders. "What's going on? Did Noah transfer his assets in advance? How is that possible?"
Ophelia was already crying as she handed the phone to Tamia. The video on the trending topic was crystal clear. It showed a recording of Tamia and Ophelia's conversation at a hotel years ago.
"Mom, is this really going to work?"
"Of course! Would Noah even pay you any attention if you talked to him? I wouldn't have to resort to such a method if it weren't for your average looks."
In the video, the younger Tamia, dressed elegantly in a dress, handed something to Ophelia. "Put this in his drinks later."
The setting was clearly a banquet. It was a social gathering where people often let their guard down.
The drink Ophelia had drugged was served to Noah.
Ophelia was thanking him as she handed him the drink, 'Thank you so much for your help, Noah. I'll be heading overseas soon. Consider this drink a farewell toast."
It was evident that Noah didn't know her well, but his upbringing prompted him to raise his glass and take a sip.
In the footage, anyone could see that Ophelia didn't measure up to someone of Noah's caliber. Noah, who was
still young in the footage, displayed no emotion in his eyes. It made people wonder how he was possibly interested in her.
Shortly after, Noah was seen frowning as he staggered into a room. It was highly likely that it had something to do with the drink. He was seen shaking his head as he opened the door.
Ophelia entered not long after he did. She glanced around suspiciously before swiping a card to open the
TOOM.
It was inevitable that the Montclair family would face backlash as soon as such a video emerged.
People might indulge in romantic fantasies while reading novels, but this was real life! Who could accept that their marriage was built on such deceit?
The comments under the video were relentless.
"No wonder the campus heartthrob married so young! This all makes sense now."
"This is such a shame. I heard that he wanted to pursue research before this happened."
"I've also heard that he was forced into marriage. If he didn't, it would've been a dereliction of duty on the Whitman family's part."
"Exactly! That's what the Montclairs have said back then."
"I've never seen a family as shameless as the Montclair family.'
###chapter1519

Chapter 1519 Infuriated
Tamia had never faced such criticisms before. Her shaky hands clung to the chair for support as her face darkened. Too enraged to speak, she could only gasp for breaths.
Given her status, common citizens would never have dared to condemn her so openly. Back when everyone was considered equal, she was even haughty and arrogant.
Raised in an aristocratic family, Tamia held firm classist beliefs and never imagined that such lowly laborers had any right to judge her. However, anyone could now openly voice their disdain for the Montclair family, and the criticisms directed at Tamia were particularly scathing.
They branded her a vicious old woman sitting pretty. If she could stoop to drugging another, she was surely capable of even worse.
As Tamia read through the comments, her expression shifted drastically. Taking a deep breath, she forcibly steadied herself and sent a message to Alfred at the airport. "Get on the plane immediately, and don't contact anyone. Someone will meet you there.
"Keep a low profile abroad until I summon you back. Don't return to Hawford anytime soon. If you receive calls from unfamiliar numbers, do not answer any of them."
Alfred was dumbfounded by the message as he checked in at the airport. He knew Tamia wanted him out of the country, but there was no reason to rush him like that. If he didn't know better, he might suspect that something terrible had happened.
With no time to ponder, Alfred grabbed his ticket and headed toward the customs. At that moment, two officers reached out to stop him and flashed their badges.
"Are you Mr. Alfred Montclair? We're from the Department of Special Affairs. We've received a public report and need you to come with us for further investigation." The officers stated their purpose and swiftly seized hold of Alfred's shoulders.
Alfred barely had the time to react, let alone reply to Tamia's message. He was then taken away under the crowd's watchful eyes.
As the Montclair family's scoundrel, Alfred instinctively suspected that Landon was trying to make him a scapegoat. They had different mothers, after all, and Alfred knew how scheming Tamia could be.
No wonder she was eager to send him away-it turned out they were trying to shift all the blame onto him!
At that realization, Alfred promptly shouted, "You're looking for evidence of the Montclairs' crimes, aren't you? I know everything!"
To a gambler, nothing was more important than freedom. No one questioned Alfred's obsession with gambling, but it stemmed from the dismal life he led within the Montcliar family. While Tamia might present herself well, behind that exterior was a contrasting truth.
Alfred wasn't a complete fool. The arrival of the officers from the Department of Special Affairs could only mean one thing-it was related to the Whitman family's incident. In that moment, he knew he had to leverage his own worth to save himself.
The officers exchanged knowing glances, clearly anticipating his response. True to Wynter's words, the Montclair family's sons were incompetent and valued their lives above all else.
Meanwhile, Tamia never imagined that Alfred would be caught. Looking at the time, she assumed he had boarded the plane. But as she scrolled through the criticisms online, her anxiety deepened.
In a fit of frustration, she snapped at Ophelia, "Noah has planned to divorce you long ago and transferred his shares right under your nose! How could you have missed this? Why did you even go through with the divorce?"
###chapter1520

Chapter 1520 What the Montclairs Deserve
Tamia continued rebuking, "What's that video about? Did Noah learn the truth earlier and make preparations?
"The only thing you're good at is crying! If you can't secure the Whitmans' shares, you might as well be useless in the next life!"
The sharp words pierced Ophelia's heart, leaving her feeling cold and heavy with grievances.
Ignoring her distress, Tamia pressed on, "How did that video get out? Why is it still around after all these years? Is this Noah's way of dealing with you? Doesn't he care about Cyrus?" Overwhelmed by anguish, Ophelia couldn't find answers to any of those questions. Her WhatsApp was flooded with inquiries from her social circle regarding the video's authenticity. Their relentless questioning fueled her desire to destroy whoever leaked it.
"What good does scolding me do now, Mom? How was I to know an old video would resurface? Before Cyrus' birth, Noah did treat me..." Ophelia abruptly stopped her defense. She suddenly recalled that Noah hadn't been around much after their wedding.
One day, she went to his room while he was drinking. Noah had been young back then, and he appeared uncomfortable.
He looked at her calmly and said, "Don't think I don't know how we ended up together. But you're my wife, and I'll treat you with respect. There won't be another woman, but I warn you-keep those thoughts away from the Whitman family."
Ophelia had been frightened and struggled to find sleep that night. When she saw Noah back to his normal self the next day, she assumed he had been spewing nonsense while intoxicated. Now that she reflected on it, she wondered if he had known the truth all along.
Ophelia's face instantly paled. Although Noah had treated her well throughout their marriage, she had never truly felt his love. There were moments when she had even loathed him, which was why she followed Tamia's advice.
If Noah had already discovered the truth yet only chose to reveal the video now, he was undoubtedly terrifying!
"They're monsters! The entire Whitman family and Sevie are all monsters!" Ophelia suddenly shrieked.
Tamia had little time for her outburst. She had spent a great deal of effort to seek benefits from the Whitman family. Yet, not only had she lost the Whitmans' shares, but Cyrus- whom she had painstakingly raised-no longer listened to her.
Under normal circumstances, Ophelia would have secured a substantial amount of wealth after a normal divorce. Even if she couldn't claim the shares, the Whitman family would never mistreat her as she was Cyrus' mother.
But things had changed. Noah, who was usually docile and never spoke up against Tamia, had secretly transferred his shares.
Tamia gripped her cane tightly. 40 years of scheming had led to nothing. Not only had she failed to gain anything from the Whitmans, but Ophelia's divorce had also exposed the Montclairs' dark secrets.
In a complete breakdown, Tamia roared, "What is the PR department doing? Where are the Montclairs' legal representatives? The family is in crisis! Why haven't they stepped up to take legal action?"
Little did she know that no one at the Montclair Group was willing to heed her commands any longer. The company was in utter chaos, perhaps even worse off than the Wrays.
###chapter1521
Chapter 1521 Stubbornness Makes Things Worse
The Montclair Group was bound to be implicated, as the onslaught of criticisms unquestionably tarnished the company's reputation.
Landon, the nominal CEO, once boasted about his superiority to Taylor. He even bragged that he would bring down the Whitman family. Yet there he was, struggling to find a way out of his predicament.
The Montclair family's tactics had always been dubious, and no secret was safe from the inquisitive people online.
While the previous three Montclair generations had been capable, the family began riding on others' coattails when Tamia took the helm. Even their employees were unaware of any real achievements.
Beyond connections and bribery, the family had no commendable qualities to speak of.
As the incompetent man he was, Landon couldn't withstand the criticism and fearfully locked himself in his office. He ignored his secretary's persistent knocking, hoping for Tamia to come to his rescue.
Meanwhile, the aristocratic families that had hoped to use the Montclairs to dispose of the Whitman family were left bewildered.
The Waldrons, ever eager to take the lead, now plunged into panic. After all, the Montclair family crumbled right after their fallout with the Whitmans.
"Didn't Landon promise that Taylor's account would reveal discrepancies? How did things turn up like this?" Alas, their questions remained unanswered. Even Landon was dumbfounded. He had filed a report with the authorities, yet the Montclair family was being investigated instead.
Plus, who on earth leaked that video? Tamia had never told him that Ophelia schemed her way into the Whitman family!
With things going awry, Landon was at a loss and could only call for help. The employees looked on in cold silence, having only learned the truth about their company.
The Whitman family had locked down several outsourced projects for the Montclairs, yet the Montclair family had schemed to replace them.
Now that the divorce was public, many companies were demanding to terminate their contracts. After witnessing the Montclairs' deceit, the companies no longer trusted doing business with them.
Landon didn't dare to issue any threats. In the past, he referred to Noah with affection, almost as if he were the Whitman family's second son. However, his declaration over the past two days had betrayed his true intentions.
Every one of the Montclair family's misdeeds had been completely dug up. Filled with indignation, Tamia rushed to the company and demanded the PR department address the crisis.
She refused to accept that the Montclair family was at its end. Even if Noah had transferred his marital property, she was certain that Ophelia would still receive her share once the relevant authorities conducted their investigations. Besides, Alfred was now out of the country.
Even if the Whitmans had any justifications, their accounts remained vulnerable.
Under the pressure of Tamia's fury, the PR department issued a lawyer's letter in hopes of intimidating the people online.
However, Lennox Camshion, the PR manager, recognized that the announcement could ultimately lead to the company's downfall.
He attempted to reason with Tamia. "We can't confront the public head-on since we're in unfavorable circumstances, Madam Wooten. The best course of action right now is for you and Ms. Ophelia to issue a public apology. After all, that video..."
When Tamia heard his suggestion, her anger flared. "Why should I apologize to those lowly people? Are they
even worthy of my apology?"
Lennox clarified that the apology was meant for the Whitman family, explaining that Noah might give the Montclairs a chance of survival for Cyrus' sake
At that moment, Ophelia shrieked, "I'll never apologize to them!"
###chapter1522
Chapter 1522 Rotten to the Core
Ophelia's failed marriage had turned her into a laughing stock in Hawford. To make matters worse, Noah had heartlessly transferred his marital properties early on. What were those wasted years in the Whitman family even for?
"That scumbag must pay the price! Isn't the world all about feminism these days? Let's stir the pot like everyone else!' Ophelia demanded.
The Montclair Group had always been a family business. Aside from Tamia, none of her children possessed much intelligence.
Despite being aware of the fact, Lennox and his peers remained in the company out of loyalty to the late Camden Montclair, the Montclair family's former head.
When they heard Ophelia's demand, all they could manage was a bitter chuckle. The incompetent scions genuinely believed that the public would be swayed by mere words. How absurd!
The video had laid bare their misdeeds. Rather than upholding the dignity expected of an aristocratic family, they had stooped to illegal and immoral acts by drugging someone.
If they were found guilty of conspiring against the Whitman family, they would face complete ruin. Yet, they remained as obstinate as ever.
The senior executives shook their heads in disappointment, realizing that the foundation that Camden built was now crumbling.
Tamia had wielded her authority for so long that she couldn't care less about the executives' advice. If the Wray family devalued human lives, then Tamia viewed those earning less than millions a year as lowly.
It appeared that those of higher status didn't quite deserve their positions, after all.
Tamia openly questioned Noah's reason behind the early transfer of his marital properties online. She demanded explanations regarding his chat histories and insisted that Ophelia had been wronged in every way. She also pressed Reuben for answers.
Having employed a similar tactic in the past, Tamia believed she would succeed again. Yet, in an age of advanced digital information, no one would fall for her games.
Ophelia mistakenly believed that Noah had known the truth all along and despicably planned for their divorce. What she didn't realize was that Noah had been giving her numerous chances over the years.
Hoping to spare Cyrus from a traumatic experience, Noah had always opted for the mildest approach to resolve matters. If the Montclairs hadn't crossed the line and Ophelia had been more mindful as a mother, he would've never disclosed the truth.
For years, no one questioned his dedication as a caring husband. Though he might not have loved Ophelia, he had dutifully fulfilled his obligations to her.
However, the Montclair family had persistently harmed the Whitman family. No matter how incompetent he felt, Noah refused to let his wicked spouse bring about his family's downfall.
Deep down, Noah understood that such matters couldn't be deferred, especially since Cyrus had been raised to become nearly useless. He realized it was time to make a decision.
Upon discovering the conspiracy between the Wrays and the Montclairs, Noah promptly transferred a portion of his shares to Taylor and Marie while allocating the rest to Cyrus.
Most ordinary men might not have acted with such decisiveness. In families with long histories, siblings often ruthlessly competed for their share of the inheritance. However, the Whitman family was different.
In the business community's early days, there was a well-known saying-no matter how furious Taylor might be, he would always listen to Noah upon returning home.
With someone as dependable and composed as Noah at the helm, the family's decisions and direction remained sound and reliable.
###chapter1523
Chapter 1523 The Truth Unveiled
As the people online delved deeper into Noah's background, their admiration for him grew. Not only was he the brightest student and heartthrob in school, but he also steered clear of any romantic rumors.
Although the public didn't buy into Tamia's skepticism, they were eager to hear the Whitmans' side of the story. Even Noah's good looks didn't excuse his wrongdoings if he was indeed guilty of cheating.
Knowing that the leaked video came from Noah himself, Wynter chose not to join the fray. However, she saw no reason to hold back from delivering the final blow to the obstinate Montclairs.
"Expose the Montclairs' IP address online. And make sure those who edited the images issue a public apology. Otherwise, the dark web will make their lives a nightmare,' she instructed.
Typically, the troll armies were the ones that incited such public sentiments. Take the Montclair family for instance--they were the clients seeking to paint Noah as an unfaithful husband.
The troll armies had reworked the images provided by the Montclairs to fit their narrative, spreading controversies and misinformation online.
With the situation escalating online, the troll armies feared that the Whitman family would discover their involvement and take action against them. Before that could happen, the dark web called for their interdiction.
To keep their factories running, the troll armies must speak the truth. They would much rather incur the Montclair family's wrath than risk offending the dark web.
Without hesitation, the troll armies disclosed the truth. They revealed that Tamia had enlisted their help to slander Noah with an edited picture, all to portray him as an unfaithful husband during the divorce proceedings.
If the court accepted such misinformation as fact, Noah could end up with nothing.
As for the photo of Noah picking up a beautiful woman, it turned out to be taken at a company event. Ophelia was presented at the time, which meant she was fully aware of the truth.
Upon realizing the controversy was to smear Noah's reputation, many of the Whitman Group's employees voiced their disapproval.
"I can practically hear the Montclairs' scheme from my place."
"It serves her right! She's so eager to see Noah ruined. Is she really his wife?"
"Chill, girl. All she wants is the company shares."
"Props to Mr. Whitman! Thankfully, he diluted his shares early on. If the company ever falls into the hands of someone like the Montclairs, I'd be worried about my job."
The employees voluntarily spoke out for Noah, having witnessed his kindness firsthand. No sensible superior of a physical business should be entangled in such outrageous rumors.
Instantly, the public's fury fell upon the Montclair Group's PR Department. The Montclairs had eagerly awaited Noah's response, but now it was their turn to explain their actions.
As Tamia watched the company's reputation crumble, she thumped her cane and demanded someone be held accountable.
Lennox sneered and tore off his employee ID. "You still want someone to take responsibility. Can't you see the mess you've created? It's a total embarrassment! Get someone else to deal with this. I'm done!"
The crisp slap of the employee ID against the table felt like a blow to Tamia's face. She never imagined that the very people she looked down upon would dare to show her such disrespect.
Since the new Cascadia's establishment, there had been no incidents of strikes. But at that moment, all of the Montclair Group's employees decided to walk out in protest.
###chapter1524
Chapter 1524 Apologize
Tamia stomped her foot in anger as she yelled, "You ungrateful bunch! You wouldn't have achieved anything without Camden!"
Lennox glanced at the terrified Landon and retorted, "I'm sure you've realized we're only staying for Mr. Camden's sake. With your children's capabilities... Landon is nothing but an ignorant scumbag, taking pleasure in young, beautiful women's company.
"Alfred may have been smart once, but he's been raised to be incompetent. I've lived long enough to see through your games-you may fool others, but not us.
"Everything you've done has been about seizing power. Now that the Montclair Group is yours, you should clean up the mess."
His concluding remark cut deep like a knife. Overwhelmed with anger, Tamia could only point a shaky finger at the retreating figures wordlessly.
Just then, Landon came over and whispered, "What should we do, Mom? The Waldrons have stopped answering our calls."
"Look at these bastards running away! They sucked up to us upon learning Ophelia might seize the Whitmans' shares. But when trouble comes, they bury their heads in the sand!" Tamia gritted her teeth as a metallic taste filled her throat.
Consumed by fear, Landon suggested, "How about we take Mr. Camshron's advice and have Ophelia apologize to the Whitmans?"
Tamia shared the same thought. Rather than further embarrassing the whole family, it would be best for Ophelia to address the problem directly. With a glance at Ophelia, Tamia ordered her to offer an apology.
Ophelia was completely stunned, with tears seemingly crystallized on her face. She never expected her caring mother to suggest such a thing.
"Do you even realize what you're asking, Mom? What will the other ladies think of me if I apologize? The public will never forgive me!
"And why should I apologize when Landon is the one overseeing the company? As the CEO, he should've stepped up and fixed this mess..."
Tamia interrupted with a sharp slap that left Ophelia's face swollen. The unexpected blow silenced Ophelia, and she stared at Tamia in disbelief.
At that moment, she felt the weight of contempt in Tamia's eyes, as if she were worthless, with nothing to offer the family.
Tamia felt no remorse for her actions and snapped, 'What are you staring at? If you weren't so dumb, you could've seized the Whitmans' shares! You're a fool who can't even control your own husband. Go apologize immediately!
Tamia could not care less about Ophelia's feelings. In her eyes, a divorced daughter was nothing more than worthless.
"Get ready to record her apology video and upload it to the company's main account,' Tamia instructed. She intended to quell the public outrage with Ophelia's apology.
As long as the situation was resolved, Landon would remain safe regardless of any moral or legal violations. And with Alfred taking the blame, the Montclair family could have the chance to rise once more.
Landon was pleased with the arrangements, agreeing that Ophelia was the root of the chaos. He figured she must've filed a divorce out of sheer boredom
No one cared to listen to Ophelia as she was shoved in front of the camera like a puppet. All of a sudden, memories of her moments with Noah flooded her mind.
###chapter1525

Chapter 1525 Deep Regrets
Although Noah wasn't one to show affection, he had always treated Ophelia with respect in public. He fulfilled her every request, including assisting the Montclair family.
Over the years, Noah had remained loyal to Ophelia. Unlike those who kept mistresses, he maintained the same elegance and aloofness he had during their college days. Despite their distant relationship, Noah's life outside of work centered around Ophelia and Cyrus.
Ophelia once had the ideal family that everyone envied, yet she realized it far too late.
As tears streamed down her face, she wondered if things might have turned out differently had she been more assertive. She could have stayed as Noah's wife even without his love, fulfilling her desires and commanding respect from others.
However, she chose to heed Tamia's words and ended her once-happy life. She lost her home, son, and the Whitmans' shares she once valued.
She had never coveted the shares before, so how had she come to that?
Drowned in regret, Ophelia clutched her collar tightly as she gasped for breath. Voices relentlessly echoed in her ears while the camera started rolling.
"What are you doing? Say something!" Tamia shouted and gave Ophelia a push, believing her tears could stir sympathy within the public.
Ophelia could no longer find her voice. Her mouth was agape as she reached out, though her eyes were filled with indignation. There was no way she could present herself to the public in such a state.
When Tamia pinched her to provoke a response, Ophelia grabbed Tamia's hand and
shouted, "This is all your fault, Mom! If you hadn't manipulated my marriage, I would never end up like this.
"It's all your fault! Your greed for the Whitman family has led us to ruin! You've destroyed me and even ruined my son!"
No one had expected Ophelia to lash out like that. Fortunately, the recording hadn't been live. Still, everyone understood the implications and turned their attention to Tamia.
Tamia's expression turned sullen. She never imagined the obedient Ophelia would defy her. "You foolish girl! Have you lost your mind?"
To escape the humiliation, Tamia attempted to push Ophelia away. Ophelia clung to her tightly, coughing up blood as she continued, "You were the one who suggested my divorce, claiming it could give me more power in the family.
"Now that I'm deemed useless, you want to make me the scapegoat! You've destroyed my family. You're despicable!"
"You've really lost it!"
In a fit of rage, Tamia and Ophelia broke out into a fierce fight.
The employees were taken aback by the scene and watched in amusement. Deeply embarrassed, Landon ordered the security guards to pull Ophelia away.
As a polished woman, Tamia had always taken great care of her appearance. Her dresses
were free of wrinkles, and her hair was styled classically. Even the tea she sipped was of the highest quality.
But now, her hair was a tousled mess, a far cry from the poised elite she once was. Her admired sense of foreign elegance now turned her into a laughing stock.
"This is ridiculous! Has that girl forgotten who raised her? If it weren't for me, she would have never married into the Whitman family! How dare she accuse me of destroying her family?" Tamia fumed.
###chapter1526

Chapter 1526 Tamia's Crushed Dreams
Landon clearly was on Tamia's side. As he helped Tamia sit down, he asked anxiously," What do we do if Ophelia refuses to apologize? We need to settle the situation online. I'm worried if people keep digging, they might discover something."
"Don't worry. Alfred was the one involved, and he's already boarded the plane. No one will know that you're the one behind the Whitmans' tampered financial statement.
"Even if the police investigate, it'll all lead back to Alfred," Tamia assured, trying to catch her breath but failing. The sight of her clothes stained by Ophelia's blood left her in discomfort.
Upon learning that he wouldn't be discovered, Landon felt more at ease. He had always deemed Aldred as nothing but a nuisance competing for his inheritance. Unlike Alfred, Landon had Tamia laying the groundwork for him despite joining the Montclair family late.
For years, the Montclair family had tolerated the useless Alfred, who did little more than gamble away his time. However, Alfred finally served a purpose-taking the fall for their schemes.
As Landon reveled in his thoughts, someone came running over with alarming news. "This is bad! Mr. Alfred has been caught!"
Tamia, who was pressuring Ophelia for an apology, became stunned and whipped her head around. "What did you say?"
"Mr. Alfred has been taken into custody by SWAT officers," came the reply.
Tamia staggered to her feet in disbelief. "Impossible! Alfred has boarded the plane!"
"He was caught at the airport, right before he passed through customs. You need to make arrangements quickly, Mrs. Montclair Senior. I fear Mr. Alfred might spill something he shouldn't," the person urged.
It was Tamia's first time feeling so agitated. At best, the public's criticisms would only affect the Montclair Group's operations. But if Alfred revealed anything, it would spell doom for both her and Landon.
"Get someone to silence Alfred!" Tamia exclaimed in panic. She had never experienced such terror before and nearly stumbled over her own feet.
Ophelia couldn't help but laugh at Tamia's flustered state, even as she lay pinned to the ground with blood trickling from her mouth. "So, you are capable of feeling fear, Mom! I never understood your schemes until now.
"You ruined my marriage, and now you won't be any better off! Both you and Landon are doomed!"
"Shut up!" With a vicious glare at Ophelia, Tamia swiftly reached out to her connections.
She made a call to the other party's office. However, they were more eager to distance themselves from the Montclair family than getting involved.
Although Tamia was aware that the situation had changed, she couldn't understand why they refused to intervene.
"Rest assured, the Whitman family will never find out about your involvement." Tamia attempted to assure them.
A deep voice came through the phone. "Seeing as Mr. Montclair Senior has helped me once, let me offer some advice - the matters concerning the Montclair family are a special case.
"I have no authority to intervene, and the Whitman family is not part of this. This decision came from the higher-ups. You should be prepared for what's to come. Given how things have unfolded, I hope this will be our last call."
With that, the person quickly hung up and instructed their secretary to dispose of the SIM card.
"A decision made by the higher-ups? And what does he mean by 'special case?"" Tamia wondered. As she stood baffled, a loud commotion erupted outside.
"What's going on out there?" someone questioned.
"It seems like the SWAT officers have come to arrest Mr. Landon!" another answered. Overwhelmed by rage and anxiety, Tamia ultimately collapsed.
###chapter1527

Chapter 1527 No Chance to Recover
Landon hurried to catch Tamia as she fell, but he was too late. Though Tamia longed to
escape the chaos and simply pass out, the throbbing pain in her forehead kept her grounded in the harsh reality.
Panic swept through the Montclair Group.
Weak in the knees, Landon hurriedly asked, "What should we do, Mom? That bastard Alfred must have ratted me out and tried to pin all the blame on me!"
"D-Don't worry, I'm here. I'll definitely get you out of this." Despite being at her wits' end, Tamia stubbornly dug in her heels.
Unfortunately, the SWAT officers were expected to arrive any moment.
Landon's face paled with fear, and he suddenly blurted out, "You made me do this, Mom. You said if I helped the Wrays tamper with Taylor's financial statement, it would give us the upper hand."
Stunned by his words, Tamia spat out a mouthful of blood.
Yet, Landon continued, "Don't worry, Mom. I'll make sure to visit you in prison. Unlike me, you don't have much time left. My life has just begun. Think about your unborn grandson!"
With only a daughter to his name, Landon usually behaved poorly and mistreated his wife. Rather than showing kindness to her daughter-in-law, Tamia had preferred Landon keep mistresses in hopes of bearing a son.
However, she never anticipated her own words would return to bite her.
As she gasped for breath, Tamia could no longer suppress her rage and shouted, "You ungrateful son!"
Landon winced as pain shot through his neck from the forceful tugging. He shoved Tamia away, sending her tumbling to the ground. While Ophelia burst into laughter at the sight, the employees looked on in deep embarrassment.
The Montclair family's longtime followers turned away in disappointment. Though it was advised to seek a virtuous wife, Camden regrettably went for someone like Tamia instead.
When the SWAT officers arrived to make arrests, they were met with the absurd scene before them.
Although Landon attempted to shift the blame to Tamia, the law wouldn't excuse his actions. In the end, all the criminals were taken away, leaving the Montclair Group in complete ruins.
Instantly, Hawford's aristocratic families descended into chaos. To see two major families collapse in a single month was unprecedented.
Many questioned Wynter's innocence in the matter, especially since the Montclair family had suffered a downfall just as they attempted to act against her. Still, they remained skeptical that Wynter could command the SWAT team.
"I've looked into it, Mr. Waldron, and it seems like everything's a coincidence. Someone with the surname Keller from the higher-ups has been looking into the Montclair family for quite some time," came the report.
Edison was immediately reminded of a figure from his past-Lucas Keller.
Back then, Lucas was still struggling with his political standing, but he had now risen to a level far beyond Edison's reach. Edison couldn't help but suspect that Lucas had backers supporting his rapid ascent.
"Don't act rashly. We'll leave the Montclairs to face their fate. Tell Mr. Lark and the others to keep a low profile for now. We'll postpone any dealings with Wynter Quinnell," Edison instructed, hoping to buy some time.
Alas, it was wishful thinking, as Wynter might not give them the chance to recover.
Meanwhile, many people had witnessed the Montclairs' arrest at the Montclair Group. At that point, there was no need for solid evidence to understand the injustice that had befallen Noah.
###chapter1528

Chapter 1528 The Montclairs Know Her Identity
Little did the Montclairs realize they were taken to a location close to their company.
After having her hands cuffed and vision obscured, Tamia assumed they were brought to an interrogation room. When the blindfold was removed, she was dazzled by the bright lights before finding Landon and Ophelia sitting by her sides.
While the terrified Landon screamed for his lawyer, Ophelia sat in silence and drowned in regrets.
However, the silence was shattered by a drawling voice. "Unfortunately, there's no lawyer here. But I can help arrange a lifetime sentence for you."
Ophelia was utterly stunned as Tamia turned to the voice in disbelief. Although Landon didn't know Wynter well, he recognized her face.
After all, she had made quite an impression upon her first appearance. Landon could even faintly recall the tattoo on her nape.
"Is it really you, Sevie? How can this be possible?" Ophelia exclaimed in a trembling voice. Wynter shot her an indifferent glance and retorted, "Why can't it be me?"
Having lived longer than her children, Tamia gained sharper insights and wiser
perspectives. "To think you can intervene in cases handled by special officers! This can't be You can't possibly have those kinds of connections!"
"That doesn't matter. What matters now is that one of you has the chance to reduce your sentence. I'm interested to see who it will be." Wynter chuckled as she casually took a seat across the three Montclairs.
For the first time, Tamia felt a chill creeping down her spine. She would rather face prison and wait out her sentence than endure such torture. To her, Wynter was no ordinary young woman-she was the devil itself!
As Tamia trembled in fear, Landon appeared almost relieved. "Sevie, look, Noah must've mentioned me before. I never wanted to hurt him. It was these women's ideas, and I was simply following orders!"
"But Mr. Waldron said you vocally aspired to bring down the Whitman family at the gathering, Mr. Landon," Wynter casually retorted.
Cold sweats instantly broke out on Landon's head. How had Wynter discovered the secret gathering and his declaration? It didn't make sense at all!
In contrast to Landon's anxiety, Wynter merely regarded him with indifference.
A thought suddenly struck Landon, and he nearly sprang up from his seat. "Please hear me out, Sevie! I was just following Mom's orders! I can tell you all about the Waldron family's plan!"
"The Waldrons mean nothing to me. Tell me something I can't find out," Wynter shot back as she tapped her fingers on the table.
Landon's expression instantly changed as a new idea took hold. When Tamia saw the look on his face, she knew they were doomed.
Given the circumstances, the Whitmans might still show them mercy. However, Noah might not offer them a chance to survive if certain secrets were leaked, no matter how much he cared for Cyrus.
Instinctively, Tamia tried to silence Landon. Yet, he retorted, "How could I possibly listen to you at a time like this, Mom? You taught me that it's every man for himself."
###chapter1529

Chapter 1529 Wynter Understands Human Nature
Landon had always been timid and had never endured any real hardship. The thought of spending the rest of his life behind bars was unbearable for him.
"Your greed is the reason why Ophelia and I turned out like this. You've always thought that the Whitman family was better than us. Whether it's you or Ophelia, you guys have always felt inferior to them. That's why you were so greedy.
"You were already beyond redemption from the very beginning. Yet, you still had to drag us down with you. Mom, you can't be so selfish," he said to Tamia.
Landon's words nearly made Tamia faint with anger. But Wynter deliberately kept her there, forcing her to listen to Landon speak.
"Sevie, my mom did a lot of things that you don't know about. I know even things from a long time ago, including matters involving Marie. I know all of it. I'm sure you'll be interested!"
Landon had never been so desperate before. He was willing to betray anyone if it meant avoiding prison!
Tamia was already broken inside. She had spent her entire life scheming for power, all for Landon's sake. Yet, the one pushing her into the abyss was the very son she had doted on the most!
What a ruthless tactic deployed by Wynter! It was as if she was cutting straight into her heart!
Wynter glanced at Landon, signaling for him to continue.
"At that time, your mother followed your father when he came to Hawford. I noticed that Marie was acting strange. She wanted to meet with Noah and the others, but instead, she ran into my mom.
"You should know that Ophelia had given birth to Cyrus at that point, so we were practically family. Marie trusted my mom to take her back to the Whitman residence. The Wray, Waldron, and Calico families all knew about this.
"My mom saw that something was wrong with Marie's mind and suggested keeping it hidden."
Wynter's gaze finally turned to the old, disheveled woman before her. The long-dormant fury in her eyes resurfaced. It was as if she could see straight through Tamia's soul.
Tamia only felt an overwhelming chill wash over her, and her legs started trembling uncontrollably.
Landon was still unaware of the imminent danger. He believed he could bargain for freedom. Hence, he started spilling every single detail without hesitation.
"Of course, if anyone in the Whitman family had known Marie was losing her mind, Shane wouldn't have gotten a penny of investment. Someone as shrewd as Noah wouldn't have lent him any money and would have torn him apart instead.
"The money they put forward back then didn't even go into Shane's pocket-it was divided among the aristocratic families. A part of the Wray family's startup capital came from that. Mom, didn't you get a good chunk of it, too?"
As Landon continued speaking, he glanced at Tamia, whose face had turned completely pale.
Tamia had been sabotaged by her own son, and she knew there was no way out for her. Her fate had been sealed.
Instead of giving all the information to Wynter, she thought she could at least take some secrets with her to the grave. If she couldn't have a happy ending, then neither would the Whitman family! She wanted them to carry this burden forever!
However, she had underestimated Wynter.
"This is a huge scheme. The Wray family's influence alone wouldn't be enough. How did four average aristocratic families manage to cover this up?" Wynter was calm and logical, completely unaffected by Landon's ramblings.
Landon, who had never worked well under pressure, hadn't thought deeply about this matter. "I don't know... it just kind of happened naturally."
"My uncles and grandfather would never be so easily outwitted." Wynter lifted her gaze." Mr. Landon, think carefully-apart from the Wray, Montclair, Waldron, and Calico families, were some others also involved?"
As soon as Wynter uttered these words, Tamia couldn't sit still any longer.
###chapter1530

Chapter 1530 No Authority Over 001
Landon frowned as he pondered. "There was someone, I think... He was a low-level official in charge of Hawford's economy at the time."
"Take a look. Is it him?" Wynter slid her phone forward to show Landon a picture.
Landon immediately nodded. "That's him. How did he end up looking younger with time? I'd never have recognized him from how timid he used to be."
"Power can rejuvenate a person. It's understandable that you didn't recognize him, Mr. Landon." Wynter chuckled and she tapped on the webpage. "Now, does this look more familiar to you?"
The man in the picture wore glasses and a suit, appearing scholarly and vaguely familiar. Landon froze. "He... He's..."
"He's the third-in-command in the city, Fredric Monty." Wynter compared his current image with the old one. "It's true, he looks quite different. He has a new name and a new identity.
"For someone who started as a low-level official to rise to this position, the people backing him must have put in serious effort."
Landon had no idea about these complicated connections. He had never imagined that such a low-profile person could climb so high.
Why had Tamia never mentioned this? Instead, she had helped conceal his identity!
His wide-eyed gaze snapped toward Tamia, whose face was pale. She knew Landon was a fool and could only direct her bitterness toward Wynter.
Her voice dripped with malice. "Why did you even bother asking us when you already knew?
"You forced us into this mess and pitted us against each other! Aren't you afraid of being investigated for misconduct after pulling these kinds of stunts?"
"Misconduct?" Wynter repeated the word thoughtfully, her gaze flickering to the surveillance camera. "Have I violated any rules?"
No one watching the footage dared to speak. After all, given their level, they had no authority over Special Unit's 001.
Everyone knew that Wynter wasn't just investigating these aristocratic families and their crimes. She was also targeting the one lurking behind them and the foreign influences entangled in these matters.
The person behind the scenes often followed some semblance of the rules, and foreign infiltrations were much harder to uproot. Hence, in order to fish them out, ordinary methods wouldn't suffice.
The Special Unit had long operated on the frontline. Their authority to investigate superseded all other agencies.
Wynter was unfazed by the fact that she was recorded. She tilted her head slightly, and her gaze landed on Tamia once more.
Tamia was starting to realize just what she was up against. Never in all her years had she encountered such a way of handling an investigation. The audacity of Wynter's brashness meant only one thing-she wasn't from an ordinary department.
If someone like her was here in Hawford, did the old man know?
"The investigation is mostly done. I'd like to have a more personal chat with Mrs. Montclair Senior." Wynter stood up, bracing herself against the table with one hand.
"Before you ask why, think about how you treated my mother and grandmother. I'm just returning the favor. For years, people have criticized my mother, saying she was a hopeless romantic who ruined both the Whitman family and her own lineage.
"Sure, Shane was a scumbag, but my mother was never a fool in love. The only person she couldn't let go of was me."
Marie's soul had been shackled for over a decade in the darkness. Yet, she was never fully broken because her inner strength was unwavering.
No one could guarantee that their marriage would be a happy one. It was also the long- standing alliance between the Quinnell and Whitman families that had played a role in Marie's marriage into the Quinnell family.]
Wynter had never seen it as a mistake. But now, she was determined to make these people feel the same helplessness her mother had faced all those years.
"Don't worry. I won't let you live out your days in peace. You love holding onto power, don't you, Mrs. Montclair Senior? Well, you probably won't enjoy serving others, then. So, from now on, get used to a life of hard labor."
###chapter1531

Chapter 1531 The Person Behind the Scenes
Wynter turned to leave after speaking. She couldn't afford to stay longer and had already recorded the crucial parts of Landon's confession.
Sharing this with Noah and Taylor wouldn't be a violation, and it would help to finally clear up the misunderstandings of the past.
However, just as she reached for the door, Ophelia, who had been silent this whole time, finally spoke up, "Sevie! I really didn't know about your mother's situation!
"You wouldn't want Cyrus to have a criminal for a mother, right? I never intended to hurt the Whitman family! Please, help me!"
"Help you?" Wynter paused mid-step. "The first time you manipulated Uncle Noah, he endured it for Cyrus' sake. You coveted Whitman Group's shares, and even then, he gave you a chance.
"And how did you repay him? You spread rumors, accusing him of infidelity."
Wynter had always despised greedy, self-serving people, especially Ophelia, who had ruined Noah's previous relationship.
A man as brilliant and accomplished as Noah had been forced to marry out of responsibility in the prime of his life.
Wynter never understood why the characters in comics who schemed through infatuation or drugging others always seemed to be portrayed so reasonably.
As far as she was concerned, she would stand by her family, right or wrong. Who was going to compensate Noah for the life he was robbed of?
"You don't deserve to be my aunt. After all these times, have you ever considered Cyrus' position in all these? You haven't. You've only ever thought about yourself." Wynter's smile was chilling.
"While you let others ruin Cyrus' potential, believing he'll be easier to control that way, did you ever imagine this day would come?
"I know what you're regretting. You regret that you once had a happy family, and now, you've lost everything because of your mother's manipulation.
"That excuse might work on someone else, but not me. Ophelia Montclair, you're far from innocent. Every single one of you in the Montclair family has been scheming to take over the Whitman family.
"Even your child is just a tool for you. From now on, Cyrus will only be the Whitman family's heir and will have nothing to do with the Montclair family ever again."
With a long bang, Wynter slammed the door shut.
Ophelia was thrown into a pit of despair she had never experienced before. She tried to stand up but fell heavily back into her seat thanks to the cuffs on her hands.
"Sevie, let me see Cyrus! I'm begging you!" Ophelia pleaded in desperation.
But at the end of the day, some mothers loved only themselves.
The Montclair family's downfall had finally attracted attention from higher-ups, especially someone as deeply calculating as Fredric.
Within such a short time, both the Wray and Montclair families had collapsed, and he didn't believe it was a coincidence. The recent reshuffling of power had left him constrained, unable to openly seek information.
For Fredric, the safest option was to act as if nothing had ever happened. 18 years had passed since those events, and he was no longer the insignificant, powerless local official he once was.
No one would suspect that he had any connections with the Wray and Montclair families back then. Yet, despite all this, an unprecedented sense of unease gnawed at him.
Wynter could not be allowed to remain in Hawford. No matter what her intentions were, her presence threatened his peace.
Fredric adjusted his glasses, his appearance still refined and gentle. Anyone who met him would undoubtedly praise him as an outstanding official.
Even those who worked closely with him would vouch for his dedication and humility. They would say his roots in a modest background had made him empathetic toward the common people.
But no one would ever guess that beneath this polished exterior lay a man capable of the most ruthless actions. After all, human nature was far more unpredictable than that of any spirits.
###chapter1532

Chapter 1532 Things Had Yet to End
Fredric didn't want Wynter around Hawford any longer. Meanwhile, Wynter had also already set sight on dealing with Fredric first.
The incident with Vanessa jumping off a building, though legally resolved, wasn't over for Wynter. While the law may turn a blind eye when no complaint was filed, Wynter refused to believe it was so straightforward.
Club Solstice's location was too suspicious, and she was certain that it was merely a facade hiding something much deeper she hadn't yet discovered.
Furthermore, where did the Winston family go? How could they vanish so easily upon arriving in Hawford? Wynter could not rest easy without uncovering Clyde's whereabouts.
After obtaining the crucial information she needed, she immediately tasked her team with investigating how Fredric had risen so quickly to become the city's third most powerful official over the past 18 years.
While dealing with him, she knew she had to strategically expose the true mastermind behind him as well.
From what Wynter could discern, this person behind Fredric was someone composed. He showed no reaction when the Wray and Montclair families fell. To someone like that, these families were mere ants, and their downfall was of little consequence.
She also recognized the threat of foreign infiltration and had already started mapping out how to dismantle these hidden forces.
Once she had resolved the matters in Hawford, she would lead the Special Unit in uprooting the foreign elements embedded within Cascadia, no matter how deep they were buried. After all, no matter how carefully concealed, they would eventually reveal their weak points.
At the same time, Fredric, dressed in a crisp shirt with gold-rimmed glasses perched on his nose, held a teacup in hand as he sat back in his chair. He had thought of a compromise. With the Wray and Montclair families already being interrogated to the point where nothing more could be extracted, it was time to make a different move. He might as well contact a different family.
Rather than use his own phone, he reached into his drawer and pulled out an old, outdated mobile phone. The design looked as if it belonged to another era, clearly showing its age.
Flipping through the records, he marked each of the four aristocratic families with distinct symbols. His finger hovered over the last name in the list.
As the call began to connect, Edison was still busy trying to cut off all ties with the Montclair family.
After the way Rosalyn spoke to Wynter today, it was clear that the Waldron family could no longer remain neutral as they had in the past.
The Calico family, on the other hand, was already contemplating a reconciliation with the Whitman family. The Montclair family's downfall had hit them hard.
Some dismissed the Wray family's collapse as a mere coincidence thanks to the Dalton family's support for Wynter. They were said to have helped her observe the stock market and guided countless Cascadian investors to avoid foreign capital traps during a rare bull market.
But the Montclair family's fall was a direct statement. It made it clear that Wynter had the power to make these things happen!
The Calico family no longer dared to underestimate Wynter, who they once dismissed as uneducated and incapable. The Waldron family also wanted to reconcile, but it seemed impossible with things having escalated this far.
Edison didn't believe that Wynter would be easy to negotiate with. However, Rosalyn held a different perspective.
The impression Wynter had left on her today was profound. She didn't think escalating the situation further would benefit the Waldron family.
"Edison, listen to me. We don't have deep grudges with the Whitman family like the Wray and Montclair families do. Those families brought it upon themselves.
"We simply weren't as resolute in following the Whitman family's lead. With Mr. Whitman Senior's magnanimity, he won't make things difficult for us.
"We just got mixed up with the wrong people. We listened to the Wray family and treated that so-called fortune teller, Ms. Yates, as if she were a treasure.
"We thought that this girl from the Quinnell family was raised in a small town and wouldn't understand anything nor have any real skills. But after meeting her, I now realize she's far more capable than we ever thought."
Rosalyn, worried that Edison might not be able to resolve things on his own, suggested, "I'll go speak to Marie and apologize to the girl.
"It's all my fault for having a bad temper. Marie has always been forgiving. As long as we show sincerity, everything can be resolved."
###chapter1533
Chapter 1533 She Does Not Have the Connections
Rosalyn had no idea things were far more complicated than they appeared.
Edison had already made his choice many years ago, and he had never picked the Wray family but someone in the provincial government. However, he had kept this from Rosalyn all along.
Still, the idea of seeking reconciliation with the Whitman family seemed like a good one. At least on the surface, they appeared different from the Wray and Montclair families. They were just a little confused at a critical moment.
"Alright. I'll listen to you, darling. I'll leave the Whitman family to you." Edison let out a long sigh before adding. "In the end, it's always up to my beloved wife to make things right."
"As long as you know that." Rosalyn lowered her eyes to sip her tea. "It's a critical time now. It's time to cut off those messy relationships you've got on the outside."
Edison's smile faltered slightly, but he remained silent.
Rosalyn watched him closely. "Edison, I'm worried something might go wrong. The parents of that girl who jumped at the bar were easy to placate, but not everything is so easy to settle. Who knows when something might spiral out of control?"
In the past, the two of them would have argued about things like this. But today, there was an unusual silence, and Edison even agreed to her request.
Whatever the reason, Rosalyn had long been displeased with those mistresses he had. "There's something else too, Edison. Those women are too young. Can we stay away from that kind of trouble from now on?"
It was clear Edison didn't want to continue this conversation. He got up and lit a cigarette. 'I'll take you abroad for a little vacation once we've smoothed things over with the Whitman family."
Too much had happened recently. The more dangerous things became, the more Edison knew it was time to step back. That had always been his strategy for survival.
However, such thoughts were quickly interrupted by a phone call. Just hearing the distinctive ringtone made Edison's eyes light up, and seeing the caller ID confirmed his excitement.
"I need to take this call,' he said, not even bothering to acknowledge Rosalyn's presence as he hurried upstairs.
Rosalyn's brief moment of tenderness quickly dissipated. The luxurious yet empty living room felt colder as she sat there, staring blankly.
After years of marriage, she could no longer tell which of Edison's words were genuine and which were lies. That was why people like Ophelia had no idea how much these married women envied her. She had married a man who, in his youth, was unmatched in his brilliance. She was also treated with respect after marriage. Yet, despite having such a distinguished partner like Noah, Ophelia didn't know how to cherish it.
Rosalyn gave a bitter smile. What did Edison count for in comparison?
Edison's family couldn't be compared to Rosalyn's. The only reason the Waldron family had managed to climb the prestigious families' ranks was due to Rosalyn's father's influence.
Edison had ridden her family's coattails, and it made him even more keenly aware of the intoxicating allure of
power.
"I've been waiting for your call." Edison's eagerness bordered on overenthusiasm. It was clear that this conversation wasn't something suitable for Rosalyn to overhear.
Fredric didn't waste any time. "I'm not in a position to intervene in the Wrays' and Montclairs' matters, especially now with the critical promotion stage looming. You should have noticed by now-someone from the higher-ups has been sent down."
"I understand. Someone is trying to use the Wray and Montclair families' incidents to open a crack in
Hawford's political structure."
Edison, having learned the ropes of politics from his father-in-law, grasped the situation quickly. "Rest assured, no matter what happens, neither you nor Mr. Randell will be implicated."
Fredric detected Edison's overt allegiance. "Mr. Randell has spent years promoting economic development and improving the lives of the people.
"His methods may have been a bit extreme, but we need to understand that. I, too, have taken such measures, all in the name of work."
"Of course, all for the sake of work," Edison echoed swiftly.
Fredric posed a seemingly offhand question, "As for Mr. Whitman Senior's granddaughter... Is there someone backing her, or does she have any special connections?"
"She shouldn't have any significant connections. Otherwise, she wouldn't be using her current methods.' Edison looked up thoughtfully. 'It's possible that some of the previous Quinnell family loyalists are helping
her out."
Fredric considered it. If she did have any real connections, he would have known by now. "I heard she stirred up the market while siphoning off funds from the Wray family. Is there any truth to that?'
Edison nodded. "Yes, she cashed out quite a bit."
"Alright, I understand." Fredric's tone became more deliberate. 'Disrupting the stock market isn't a minor offense. I'll make sure this is dealt with accordingly..."
###chapter1534
Chapter 1534 Meeting Her End
Fredric's words completely put Edison at ease. If Fredric was taking action, it could only mean that "that man' was already displeased with what Wynter had been doing.
Others might have only made vague threats. However, Edison knew better than anyone else about Fredric's capabilities.
No one could detect anything unusual from Fredric's plans. Years ago, it was also he who had covered up the situation regarding Marie.
The lie had been so full of holes, yet Fredric managed to smooth it over in front of Noah and Taylor. That alone was enough to demonstrate his skill.
And he had only become more formidable now as the third-ranking official in Hawford, with the backing of provincial leadership. His current power was beyond mere businessmen's imagination.
For the Waldron family, this marked a turning point. Edison had just been regretting offending Wynter. But now, he hoped more than anyone that this outsider-who had disrupted the Chamber of Commerce-would face a heavy downfall!
If she didn't, Hawford would soon be entirely under the Whitman family's control.
With this thought in mind, Edison couldn't resist adding, 'My wife mentioned that Wynter is looking into Marie's incident. Should we do something about that?"
Anyone who was involved in the events from back then knew that this particular matter was something Fredric would prefer to take to the grave.
To achieve performance, he needed a substantial amount of funds. Fredric had targeted Shane when he came to Hawford back then.
But, despite Shane being foolish, the Whitman brothers weren't. To make the Whitman family part with their money, some tactics were necessary. Fortunately for him, Marie's situation had been unstable during that period.
Fredric would always remember that period because he truly had nothing at that time.
One day, a sealed letter appeared on his desk, asking if he wanted to rise in the ranks. If he did, he needed to show some resolve to prove that he was worth supporting.
Fredric's greatest desire was to make a name for himself. His family was part of the government system, but coming from a small town, it was far more challenging to rise in the ranks. This was especially true for someone like him without much background.
Hence, without any hesitation, Fredric took the letter and began writing back. Thus began his schemes against the Quinnell and Whitman families.
He was uncertain just how much the other party hated the Quinnell and Whitman families to keep such a close watch on them.
Clearly, their goal was not financial gain. They had stated their intentions to assist him without getting directly involved. Any additional benefits would be left to him as long as the Quinnell and Whitman families were at odds.
It was evident that his performance had met their expectations, leading to his remarkable ascent. He went from a minor editor to the third-ranking official. Every step he took upward was not merely a result of luck or coincidence.
However, he had broken many laws back then. If anyone were to uncover the truth, it would severely tarnish his current reputation.
"I understand." After a long pause, Fredric finally spoke again. His tone was chilling. 'You should also be aware that I don't like discussing matters from the past. Consider this a one-time warning, Mr. Waldron. "I will ensure that Wynter leaves Hawford within two weeks at most. The city needs development, and her
disruptions in the stock market are detrimental to the public's morale.'
Edison immediately sensed Fredric's displeasure. The warning was unmistakable. Edison couldn't help the cold sweat breaking out on the back of his neck.
Fredric was too astute. Edison only needed to mention the past once for him to realize his motives. This was why those in high positions were often so inscrutable
As Edison felt the chill wash over him, Fredric added, "And regarding the scholarship committee..."
###chapter1535
Chapter 1535 Lost Their Final Chance
"The Wray family is done for, and there's no hope left for the Montclair family, either." Fredric was the type of person who would give with one hand and take with the other. "From now on, the scholarship committee will be handled by the Waldron family."
Edison could no longer control his expression as he heard Fredric's words. A greedy smile crept across his face, twisting his features. "You can count on me. I'll make sure everything with the scholarship committee is handled perfectly!"
Fredric's tone remained flat. "It's not that I doubt your abilities, Mr. Waldron. I just want to make sure that incidents like the suicide case in Club Solstice don't happen again.
"Even though her parents signed an agreement and didn't press charges, the higher-ups haven't overlooked it.
"You know how important the scholarship committee is to Mr. Randell. After all, you've worked with Kenton on a few deliveries.
"Mr. Randell's health is deteriorating, so you need to act fast and pick out some fresh faces. As for Wynter, leave her to me."
Hearing this assurance, Edison's eyes lit up with excitement. "Rest assured, Mr. Monty, I've already got some candidates in mind for the committee.
"Whatever Kenton did well, I'll do better. Whatever he couldn't handle, I'll take over. As long as Wynter doesn't bother the Waldron family, we'll soon be able to send him some new faces.'
Satisfied with the answer, Fredric ended the call.
Edison went downstairs, brimming with excitement. Seeing Rosalyn dressed up and ready to leave, he spoke up immediately, 'There's no need to go to the Whitman residence anymore."
"No need?" Rosalyn frowned. "Edison, didn't you just agree to let me go and talk things out?"
Edison's eyes sparkled with barely concealed excitement. "That was then. There's no need for that now. Just go about your usual business. You don't have to worry about the Whitman family anymore."
"Edison, all that's happened recently is right in front of us. I can't just pretend I haven't seen anything. The Wray family is gone immediately after opposing the Whitman family.
"The Montclair family also tried to frame the Whitmans, and now they're all in prison. There's not even a word about them anymore."
Rosalyn, having grown up in an influential household, felt a deep sense of unease about the situation.
"I've been trying to find out about the Montclair family, whether it's Mrs. Montclair Senior or Ophelia, to see what punishment they're facing, but no one has given me any answers. All the replies say they have no idea." Rosalyn looked up at Edison. "Edison, trust me. Something isn't right. We should stick to what we discussed earlier. I'll go and make peace with Marie."
"I told you, there's no need.' Edison scoffed coldly. "I know you come from a high-ranking family and think I'm too insensitive to these things. You probably think this is a good chance to make me cut ties with my mistresses.'
He lit a cigarette as he continued, "Sometimes, you should look in the mirror and look at yourself. Do you know your age? Do you really think I will still have an interest in that body of yours?
"Rest assured, you'll always be Mrs. Waldron. You don't need to worry about that. But stop thinking you can control me beyond that.
"I had to listen to you all the time when your father was still alive. I've always played the underdog in your family. Now, after all this time, do you still expect me to play that role?"
Grabbing his coat from the couch, Edison added one final remark, "For the last time, you don't need to do anything. Just fulfill your role as Mrs. Waldron.
"As for that girl from the Quinnell family, you have even less reason to worry. There's no way she can touch me. Because very soon, she's going to meet her end."
Rosalyn watched Edison's retreating figure, her heart feeling as though a thousand needles were piercing it.
###chapter1536

Chapter 1536 A Gentle Warning
People said Marie married Shane out of blind love. But Rosalyn knew better than anyone that a woman wouldn't have the ability to foresee betrayal from the start.
After all, when a man pursued a woman, he'd be willing to offer the stars in the sky and the moon by the sea.
But once that love faded, the woman became less than a puppet. He would hate the sight of his wife but knew he couldn't get rid of her because there were still things he needed from her.
Rosalyn took a deep breath, her gaze falling on a family portrait nearby. In it was her father's image, a reminder of his presence.
Without her father's influence, the Waldron family business would never have grown so large.
Back then, Edison used to say he'd give up the company for her. He'd follow whatever her father said, and he would go to him for advice on every decision, no matter how big or small. Back then, he didn't mind being "controlled".
Rosalyn laughed as tears streaked down her face. She stared blankly at her phone, deep in thought. After a moment, she decided to send an anonymous message to Marie.
"Tell your daughter to be careful these days. She might be targeted, and not by the aristocratic families."
Wynter was the person Marie cared for the most in her life, and this strange warning immediately unsettled her. She tried calling back, but the number was unreachable, and subsequent attempts led to a deadline.
Still, there was no malice in the message's tone. It seemed like someone was trying to secretly alert her.
But this was what made Marie even more anxious. It was as if someone was unable to tell her openly and had to resort to relaying the message secretly.
"That means Wynter really might be targeted," Marie muttered.
Without hesitation, she shared the information with her two brothers.
"Who else if not the aristocratic families?" Marie was repeating this question.
Noah and Taylor exchanged glances after reading the message. They both had a sinking
feeling, and an unsettling answer began to take shape in their minds.
It would still be manageable if it were the aristocratic families. At least they understood their opponents. However, two major concerns loomed over them.
First, the stock market fluctuation had been significant. Wynter's actions to protect
domestic investors' funds had upset powerful foreign interests who had long viewed Cascadian retail investors as easy targets.
The recent stock market movement had been meticulously planned to drain as much local capital as possible, and Wynter had disrupted their entire scheme.
Second, the true force behind the Wray family might be coming into play. Even someone like Marie, who hadn't been in Hawford for years, could sense it.
She paused, trembling slightly as the thought struck her. "The Wray family's meteoric rise in recent years hasn't been simple. It's the force behind the Wray family that's going after Wynter!" Marie felt a chill run down her spine as she voiced her thoughts.
Just how powerful was this hidden figure, to have the entire Wray family so tightly under their thumb?
Marie raised her head, her voice hoarse. "Noah, Taylor, does Dad still have any connections in the military?"
"Don't worry, we can still reach them." Noah's voice was deep and reassuring. It exuded a sense of security. "We won't let Wynter stay in danger like this. If someone is abusing their power, I'll be the first to get justice for her.
"The previous loyalists from the Quinnell family are still in Hawford. You know this, Marie -those people might not acknowledge Wynter as the family's new head, but they won't ignore Mr. Gordon's bloodline. When it comes down to it, they'll step in to protect her."
###chapter1537

Chapter 1537 Cleo's Warning
Noah's assumption wasn't wrong. Right after the Montclair family was put behind bars,
someone hired a delivery man to send a small note to Wynter. Despite the note's size, the delivery fee was quite expensive.
The note contained only one sentence. "Stop investigating and return to Kingbourne immediately."
To an outsider, this might seem like a threat. But Wynter, who understood human nature well, knew that a genuine threat wouldn't have been delivered this way.
Was this a gentle warning?
Wynter looked at the note with amusement and asked the delivery man, "Is this all there is? Who gave it to you? Was it a man or a woman? Did they say anything else?"
"Why? Is something wrong with it?" The delivery man quickly continued, "I picked up the item as instructed from a locker before bringing it to you. I don't know if it was a man or a woman, and I never had a call with them."
Wynter gazed out the window and smiled with one hand in her pocket. "I see. Thanks."
After receiving the note, the delivery man asked for a confirmation photo.
Wynter's eyes settled on him, and suddenly, she remembered hearing about someone when she first arrived in Hawford-a man named Cleo Sinclair.
He was notorious for navigating both sides of the law, with connections in both the underworld and the legitimate world alike.
Wynter lowered her gaze, her lips curving slightly. "The warning is quite thoughtful, but I don't intend to run away at the first sign of danger."
She smiled faintly as she opened the car door. On the contrary, she wanted to draw out as many of those trying to go after her. It would make her happier to catch them all in one sweep.
At that very moment, in an old apartment complex crowded with people, there was an elderly man who stood out from his surroundings. Holding a cup of tea, he sipped it in a way that made him seem like an old man from Kingbourne.
In fact, he was indeed a man from Kingbourne who had followed Gordon to Hawford many years ago. He started a business in Hawford and had never returned home since.
"Mr. Sinclair, the item has been delivered," one of the people in the crowd suddenly whispered.
Cleo looked up, showing little emotion. "What did she say?"
"She didn't say anything. She just crumpled the note and put it in her pocket."
Cleo furrowed his brows upon hearing this. It was clear Wynter didn't take his warning seriously. She was truly bold. Cleo couldn't help but wonder if she knew just who she was provoking by causing such a stir in Hawford!
Cleo felt a wave of irritation. He stood up with the help of his cane. "Go find out what charges they'll use to question her."
"Mr. Sinclair, we're not sure yet. But I suspect it might have something to do with the stock market Ms. Quinnell manipulated a few days ago..."
"The stock market... that's terrible!" It was rare for Cleo to declare something as terrible.
At this moment, the most relaxed person was Wynter herself. She hadn't paid much attention to the note. After all, she had been hoping for someone to make a move.
As of now, there were more important tasks awaiting her. The Special Unit, tasked with tailing Yvette, had stopped in their tracks.
The person Wynter anticipated hadn't shown up, and it seemed like Yvette had been abandoned. But the Winston family was definitely nearby!
There were still a few questions Wynter needed to ask Yvette privately. Hence, Wynter didn't waste any more time.
Even if someone planned to make a move against her, it would likely be in the coming days. For now, her priority was to find out what exactly Yvette, who seemed to know the future, remembered from her timeline.
Wynter had already pieced together a few things based on Yvette's behavior. For instance, she had predicted that Dalton would be in a car accident when she went to the Yarwood family.
Was she now following the Winston family because she had seen their fate in a previous life?
Wynter knew Yvette too well. She wasn't the type to involve herself with people without any personal gain. Hence, there was no doubt in Wynter's mind that Yvette had valuable information about the Winston family.
###chapter1538
Chapter 1538 Personally Dealing with Yvette
Yvette had no idea that Wynter had already deduced that she was someone who had been reborn. She was still holding onto the hope that the Winston family would come to her aid. After all, Clyde had once told her that her unique destiny was of great use to him.
Yvette occasionally harbored reluctance with the Wray family, but she genuinely wanted to follow the Winston family.
In her previous life, she could never understand why, despite all the power struggles among the aristocratic families, it was the low-profile Winston family that ultimately emerged victorious.
It wasn't until she met Clyde that she understood.
She feared him deeply. Even through the car window, she could feel the oppressive energy emanating from him. She could never forget that bone-chilling sensation. It was as if her soul was laid bare.
Yet, she didn't understand why the place where she was supposed to meet the Winston family was empty. There wasn't a single person in sight-not even the housekeepers seemed to have ever been there. The villa was quiet, leaving no trace of life behind. What had happened?
Panic set in for Yvette. She was desperate to reveal Wynter's secrets to Clyde. The businessmen in the Chamber of Commerce didn't believe her because they couldn't comprehend the truth.
But Clyde wouldn't dismiss her words as mere fantasies. He would understand the gravity of what she had to
say.
But the familiar number she tried to dial remained switched off. She had no choice but to disobey the Winston family's instructions and show up unannounced.
This place was known to the Wray family as well, so she couldn't stay long. Had Clyde perhaps sensed danger because of the Wray family's downfall and left ahead of time?
Just as Yvette was filled with confusion and on the verge of leaving, the door behind her suddenly opened. Her heart leaped with joy as she turned around, ready to speak. But she instantly froze the moment she saw who it was. She stood there, paralyzed, her face draining of color, turning visibly pale.
Genuine fear washed over Yvette, and trembled as she stammered, "Y-You... What are you doing here?" The person standing in the doorway was none other than Wynter, who had been searching for Clyde.
Wynter was dressed sharply in a suit jacket as she casually played with a dagger. Her face was both fierce and beautiful. However, her gaze was initially more interested in surveying the room than focusing on Yvette.
It wasn't only after hearing Yvette's startled question that she finally turned her attention to her. Wynter raised an eyebrow slightly. "I followed you here'
Yvette stumbled back a step, her legs unsteady with panic. She couldn't fathom why Wynter had followed her, but the more she thought about it, the more dread she felt.
She wanted to hide from Wynter even more when her mind drifted to certain possibilities. What if the Wynter standing before her wasn't the one she knew? If that were the case, who knew what this Wynter was capable of?
Instinctively, Yvette's eyes darted to the door. As Wynter seemed momentarily distracted by the room's layout, Yvette bolted, making a dash for the exit.
Wynter chuckled lightly without even bothering to look back. Her attention was instead fixed on the fountain in the far corner of the room.
Before Yvette could make it far, she skidded to a halt. Only then did she realize that Wynter wasn't the only one who had come.
At the exit stood two figures-a silver-haired boy and a girl holding a parasol. They were both young, and they were just standing silently, watching her with a cold, detached gaze, like demons sent to collect a soul.
"You came all the way here because you've clearly developed some suspicions about me," Wynter said as she slowly approached, her fingers brushing the dust on the table, revealing that the place had been abandoned for days
She looked back at Yvette and said lazily, "Since you've formed those suspicions, you should understand that I won't let you leave now that I'm here. Yvette Yates or rather, I've always wondered if that's your real name."
###chapter1539
Chapter 1539 The Truth Uncovered
In an instant, Yvette's heart pounded wildly. She could no longer hide the panic that was now plainly visible on her face. Her deepest secret-her true origins-was something she would never have known had she not been reborn.
Given that she was reborn, she knew better than anyone that the baby girl born to the Yates family in Riverfield Hospital all those years ago had died and been buried six feet under
It was her cunning mother from the countryside, Fanny, who had spun an elaborate lie. The DNA test had been tampered with, and every detail had been tailored to match the Yates family's mistaken belief that she was their long-lost child.
Fanny had always sought to use Yvette to secure wealth, ensuring that she had a fallback plan her entire life. If anyone ever came searching for their real daughter, Fanny would claim Yvette was the one.
After all, after the incident, even the hospital records had been forged. In those days, who could uncover the truth?
The modern DNA tests were more sophisticated, and with the right connections, such things could be easily manipulated. Otherwise, how else could Yvette's identity have been officially registered?
But after Yvette had been kidnapped and taken to Paradise Village, Fanny had never imagined that the Yates family would mistake her for their daughter. That day, some other twist of fate had occurred.
And precisely because Yvette had been reborn, she had always looked down on Wynter. In her memories, Wynter was only difficult to deal with when she was a child.
By the time they met again, Wynter had become useless. She was dumb beyond belief and would always get caught up in foolish romantic entanglements. It was as if life had been too easy for her in the Yates family.
But now? Now she was alarmingly smart! So much so that it made Yvette uneasy.
Something was wrong! Wynter was not normal!
Yvette wasn't foolish enough to admit Wynter had hit the mark. Instead, she feigned a pitiful expression and said, "If I'm not a Yates, then what am I? Wynter, please stop scaring me.
"I know you've never really wanted to acknowledge me as your sister. I admit I made mistakes in the past, but Ive changed ever since I started learning medicine from Grandma. I'm her only family left. I really don't want her to see us like this."
Yvette was afraid Wynter wouldn't believe her, so she added, 'I've already cut ties with the Shepherd family. In the end, it was all because of that scumbag that we became like this."
"Yvette," Wynter said as she toyed with her purple sugilite pendant.
She dropped her gaze down to look at Yvette and bluntly asked, "Do I look like someone who believes this kind of nonsense? A human trafficker's daughter is prone to lies too, isn't she?"
Coldness gradually seeped into Wynter's pure black eyes. "Don't mention Grandma anymore. I always verify everything I'm suspicious of
"The latest DNA test results have already been delivered to the courtyard. And this time, it's done without your parents' meddling behind the scenes. You know better than anyone where they are right now."
Wynter continued indifferently, 'Back then, you reached out to them to have me brought back just to use their customs to try and kill me in that village.
"But then, you realized that I have a strong will to live. I managed to make it out alive even in that kind of place. I told you before stay in your lane. Don't make me act against you."
Wynter stopped playing with her purple sugilite pendant and lifted her gaze slightly. "But it seems like you never took my words to heart."
Yvette could no longer hold it together, her teeth chattering with fear. She hadn't expected Wynter to retest
the DNA.
Whether it was the Yates family couple or her parents from the mountains, they had already been dealt with, hadn't they? Why would Wynter go this far?
"You're just determined to drive me to death, aren't you?" Yvette screamed.
###chapter1540
Chapter 1540 Gone Mad
"Whether you live or die has nothing to do with me." Wynter stepped forward and continued, "Before all this, whatever you did, I could choose to ignore it because I truly believed you were the only person Grandma had left.
"18 years ago, I was brought back to the Yates family, taking the place of Grandma's granddaughter. Though my parents were far from perfect, Grandma always doted on me. Because of that, I didn't end up growing up in that village known for human trafficking.
"I felt guilty, thinking I took someone else's fortune. I know this is a debt I must repay. That's why I've tolerated you for so long." Wynter's gaze bore into her, deep and unwavering, devoid of emotion.
"But your reaction today confirms what I've suspected all along-you're not Grandma's actual granddaughter. You're that couple's child."
Hearing this, Yvette clenched her fists and dropped the pitiful act
Her expression shifted, and venom dripped from her voice as she screamed at Wynter, 'So, am I supposed to be a villain because of that? Was it my choice to be born as a human trafficker's daughter?'
"Do you think that's unfair?" Wynter asked calmly.
Yvette's eyes glinted with hatred. "Of course it's unfair! Why do others get to live good lives while I had to grow up in a rural village?"
Wynter's gaze hardened. "Which is why, even as a child, you helped your parents deceive people. You made it easier for them to kidnap those kids.
"You hated them. You wanted to make those children suffer, to have them live lives worse than yours, so you could feel some kind of twisted balance."
Yvette hadn't expected Wynter to know this. Her eyes flickered, and she bit into her lower lip as memories from the past rushed back, caught between the fear of having her dark past exposed and the excitement she felt back then.
Meanwhile, Wynter remained calm and indifferent. "People can't choose their parents, but they can choose not to harm others. The reason that couple became the most successful child traffickers during those years was because they had you, their daughter, helping them.
"Whether it was playing with other children near shopping malls by the kindergarten or when you were on the train, you were always their perfect cover when inspectors came by.
"You helped them escape suspicion, and no one ever thought that the couple with the seemingly innocent daughter could be doing anything wrong. People saw them as simple and honest."
Wynter didn't need to dig through records-she already remembered seeing the alarming spike in child trafficking cases from that time. To achieve that scale, they must have had some kind of advantage.
"You understood way better than children your age how to manipulate people. This was why deceiving other children came so naturally to you. As someone of the same age, it was easy for you to get close to them."
Yvette let out a harsh laugh. With nothing left to hide, she sneered. "That's because they were stupid! Those kids, sheltered by their parents, were nothing but idiots!
"They were fools who were only interested in snacks and games! Give them a little treat, and they'd follow me without question."
Her laughter turned almost maniacal. 'Even your beloved Charlie was the same! And you, too-you let yourself get played by others but never learned. You were dumped, kicked out of the Yates family, and mocked by everyone at school.
"Do you really think all of that was entirely my fault? It was your own fault! You were foolish beyond belief! "So what if the Quinnell family took you back? You still died in some forgotten place in the end! You brought all of that on yourself. How was that my fault? I just went along with everyone else."
Wynter watched her rant as she rubbed her fingertips, as if sensing something. "So, was my ending death in your previous life?"
###chapter1541

Chapter 1541 Scared to Death
The words "previous life" hit Yvette like a gust of wind in the dead of winter, freezing her in place.
Yvette was so shocked that even the simple act of lifting her head became sluggish. She
stared at Wynter in disbelief, as if staring at a demon who had no place in the mortal world. How did Wynter know?
There were many things Yvette could understand, but her rebirth was something she had only ever confided to Kenton, who had no reason to tell Wynter! Plus, this was so unimaginable that it wouldn't occur to anyone out of the blue!
"Y-You..." Yvette began trembling, her knees struggling to support her weight. Not even Clyde's imposing presence had ever made her feel this way.
But now, fear gripped her from the depths of her soul. She was terrified, and her shoulder hunched instinctively.
This resembled her biological parents. Yvette was the type who only feared those who were more ruthless than herself, and this was one of those moments.
The realization dawned on her that she was unable to threaten Wynter. Additionally, Wynter's methods were far more sophisticated and calculated than she had ever imagined. Yvette was starting to fear for her life.
Her mind raced, and she found herself voicing a suspicion that had once seemed too bold even to consider. "So, were my mother and Wanda caught because of you?"
Wynter glanced at her. "You can think of it that way."
"You're not the Wynter I know!" Yvette exclaimed as if she had gone completely insane. Tears spilled down her face as she trembled with fear. "Who are you?"
Wynter's own memories were murky, but there was one thing she was sure of. "I'm here to seek justice for the Wynter from the previous life. She did nothing wrong, yet you all conspired to drive her to her death.
Her gaze seemed to pierce through Yvette, stripping away her lies. "You keep insisting that you're innocent. If that were true, then with your second chance at life, you should've known that Wynter wasn't a threat to you.
"She would have eventually been taken back to the Quinnell family. But what did you do? You still made sure she couldn't even live a normal life in Riverburg."
Yvette heard Wynter's voice echo through the villa, like the whisper of a vengeful ghost. Her hands shook violently. "I... I didn't mean to. I won't do it again, I swear. Please, just give me one more chance."
"Sure." Wynter didn't give her a chance to act further.
Yvette's head snapped up. She wondered if she heard Wynter correctly.
Wynter stood there, her voice measured and calm. "I keep people around as long as they're useful. Yvette, now is the time for you to prove your worth.
"You've been reborn, so what do you have to offer me? Think carefully. I'll give you five seconds. Five... four... three..."
Before Wynter could continue, and seeing the silver-haired boy and the umbrella-carrying girl make a subtle move, Yvette blurted out in desperation, "I can tell you everyone's ending! I know the stock market! You're playing the stock market, right?
"I know how every industry will develop over the next ten years! Kenton was an idiot for not listening to me. Please, don't lock me away. My value is more than just that!"
"Stock market?" Wynter's lips curled in amusement. "You seem to have forgotten that I've already beaten your predictions in the stock market."
Yvette's eyes darted in a panic as she scrambled for more. "The Whitman family! I know about the Whitman family!
"When Mr. Whitman Senior passes, the family's ledgers will be investigated. It's all because of a decision made by someone in the provincial government."
Wynter was silent. Because of that, Yvette knew she'd caught her attention and wanted to elaborate.
However, Wynter pulled out a chair. "Let's talk about the Winston family's fate."
###chapter1542

Chapter 1542 The Upcoming Outbreak
Yvette's voice faltered, and she was wary of Wynter. She hadn't expected that after spilling so much information, the first thing Wynter would ask about was the Winston family. By all logic, Wynter shouldn't have paid attention to the Winston family.
Her gaze flickered as if she was about to lie, but Wynter's soft laughter cut through her thoughts, intensifying her fear.
She shuddered slightly and dropped any plans of deception. The more she looked into Wynter's eyes-eyes that seemed to see through everything the more terrified she became. "The Winston family was originally a small, insignificant aristocratic family. You should also know it's never been ranked among the top families in Kingbourne. They were always just... average. But..."
Yvette bit her lip nervously before continuing, "In my previous life, they became the biggest winners. After the Quinnell family collapsed, the Winston family bought them out.
"Because they always maintained a gentle and humble image, no one considered them a real threat. But once they settled down in Kingbourn, the Winston family quickly expanded into the southern market, covering the Grima, Ardes, and Hawford regions.
"They became the largest domestic and international supplier of materials, especially excelling in the medical field."
Wynter raised an eyebrow. "The medical field?"
"Yes." Yvette was slightly hesitant with her reply.
Wynter gestured toward the girl with a parasol, Emilia, behind her.
At that, Yvette shut her eyes tightly and spilled everything she knew. "In about three or four months, a pandemic will sweep across our country. It'll spread through respiratory transmission, supposedly originating from animals.
"The entire nation will come to a standstill, with countless deaths. People will have to work and live from home because there's no cure once you contract this virus. People will suffocate to death.
"When the pandemic hits, many countries will label us as the 'epicenter,' treating us like an outbreak nation. We won't be able to travel or engage in international trade."
Wynter's expression remained calm as she listened intently. However, the pair of teenagers standing nearby raised their eyebrows slightly.
This type of situation was typically under their Special Unit's purview. Viruses like the one Yvette described wouldn't just appear out of nowhere. They had completed several missions that involved eliminating such threats.
If what Yvette said was true, and something of this scale was going to happen in three to
four months, there should have already been signs or plans in motion.
Yet, nothing unusual had been detected. Every item brought into or taken out of the country was subject to rigorous screening and inspection.
They'd intercepted attempts to smuggle soil, seeds, and plants that could damage the country's ecosystem. But this potential virus? There were no warnings or signs.
They needed to take whatever Yvette said seriously.
The two of them looked at Wynter and addressed her quietly, "Boss..."
Wynter was clearly deep in thought, her eyes dark with contemplation. After a moment, she looked at Yvette. "When exactly does the outbreak start?"
"December 10th. At first, people thought it was just a normal flu. It wasn't until deaths started happening that they realized something was wrong," Yvette answered in detail, her tone suggesting she wasn't fabricating the information. "Even the experts who came to consult on the cases got infected."
Wynter's voice was steady. "So, what you're saying is that people didn't realize that it was transmissible between humans initially."
"I think so." Yvette didn't know much about hospital operations. In her previous life, despite studying medicine, she hadn't worked in the field before.
She continued, "The Winston family took advantage of the situation and invested heavily in medical equipment stocks. By then, even face masks were selling like crazy, not to mention disinfectants and other medical supplies."
###chapter1543

Chapter 1543 The Winston Family
Yvette couldn't help but regret not opening a factory related to the medical industry in her previous life. After being reborn, she had always aimed to develop in the pharmaceutical field, knowing it would become crucial in three or four months.
"Other businesses, especially those in the physical sector, suffered devastating losses. Only industries directly tied to people's basic needs saw significant growth.
"Countless entertainment establishments went bankrupt. Other than medical supplies, the supermarkets had the highest revenue," Yvette explained in great detail.
She added, "The Winston family solidified their commercial position during this national crisis, and after that, no other family could compete with them. Mr. Winston Senior was truly remarkable."
The admiration in Yvette's tone caught Wynter's attention.
"Tell me how remarkable he was." Wynter's words cut straight to the heart of the matter.
Yvette's gaze flickered for a moment. "Anyone who could build such a large business has to be remarkable."
Wynter approached her. "You know I'm not asking for vague answers."
"Do you believe there are people in this world who can truly practice divination and the Arcane Way?" Yvette responded with a question of her own.
The two teenagers thought to themselves that Wynter did have such abilities, though she had always promoted respect for science due to her work position.
Wynter merely raised an eyebrow, calm and unruffled. "Superstitions shouldn't be relied on. But since you've managed to be reborn, I can believe in other possibilities as well."
Yvette had been trying to probe Wynter's limits, but she didn't expect such a response. It was true that she had been reborn, but it was also clear that the person in front of her was not the original Wynter. Was this some sort of possession?
Yvette didn't dare to voice such thoughts aloud. Instead, she said, "That man gave me an unsettling feeling. He seemed like someone on the verge of death, but he was still tougher than anyone else.
"His cheeks were sunken, yet his eyes were sharp. He even said my fate was unusual the first time he saw me."
Even recalling the encounter made Yvette shudder. She feared Clyde and always had the feeling that the person standing before her wasn't truly alive.
Wynter felt more certain that something was indeed wrong with the Winston family as she listened to Yvette's description. Without saying much more, she raised her hand, signaling for her subordinates to take Yvette away.
Yvette suddenly snapped to her senses. "You promised to let me go!"
"At least you won't die if you go with them." Wynter's voice was steady and cold. "The Wray family has fallen. Do you think your days out here will be easy?
"You also mentioned that Mr. Winston Senior noticed something unusual about you. Are you not worried that he'll find you and silence you forever? After all, not only do you hold the information he wants, but you also know his endgame and strategies.
"If I were him, I wouldn't let you leave Hawford alive. That way, all the knowledge about the impending pandemic would remain a secret, and the Winston family could truly become a colossal enterprise in four months."
Yvette wasn't a fool. She had manipulated people many times before. Wynter's words quickly brought her to a realization.
Going to the Winston family now was indeed as good as walking into a trap. Since she had told Wynter the secret, she'd lose her only leverage. Clyde wouldn't allow someone like her to live and would eliminate her to safeguard his future.
From initial resistance, Yvette was now desperate to have the two teenagers take her away.
"Is wherever you're taking me safe? You have to understand that the Winston family has connections with that man from the province," Yvette asked nervously, but no one answered her question.
Yvette had no idea about the Special Unit's existence.
###chapter1544

Chapter 1544 The Plague Must Be Stopped
Wynter walked over and stated calmly, "We're not going to the province. There's no need for us to get involved, anyway."
In the past, Yvette would've dismissed Wynter's words as boastful. But to her horror, she came to realize that the present Wynter was more terrifying than ever, despite having figured out she was hiding secrets.
Even with the script of rebirth in her hands, Yvette couldn't foresee where Wynter's ending would lead. Of all the others, Wynter alone was the one whose future remained a mystery. Yvette was aware of the fate befalling the Wynter she once knew, yet the figure before her was an enigma.
Yvette took a step back as a chilling realization crept into her mind. What she had once believed to be certain had changed.
The events surrounding the Quinnells, the Yarwoods, the Hawford business community, and the Havenia stock exchange had all shifted with Wynter's arrival. She was a variable that had drastically changed their trajectories.
At that realization, Yvette broke out into cold sweats as she stared at Wynter in fear.
At that point, Wynter showed no inclination to hide anything from Yvette. Under normal circumstances, the Special Unit would never expose themselves to ordinary citizens during their operations. Even the systems in place couldn't uncover its members' true identities.
One reason for such secrecy was that the Special Unit often undertook classified missions that weren't meant for public knowledge, as any disclosure could incite a public upheaval.
On top of that, the anonymity served to protect the Special Unit members from potential retaliation. An exposed member might be subjected to corruption or coercion, jeopardizing the country's stability.
Fortunately, those who joined the Special Unit possessed strong willpower. While humans tended to betray one another, the Special Unit remained fiercely loyal. That was an unspoken truth well-known among those aware of the organization.
It also explained why Yvette remained oblivious to the Special Unit's existence, even after her rebirth.
The Special Unit only engaged with civilians during their operations. After all, they were putting their lives on the line for critical missions that often concerned the nation's fate or border rescues.
Even in the face of death at the border, they would erase their identities and leave no traces that could endanger the country.
It was said that true safety didn't reside in the outside world but lay within Cascadia itself. Behind such a sense of security were individuals burdened with immense responsibilities.
They ventured into the battlefield not only to rescue lives but also to uphold morality and justice. Unbeknownst to the public, they worked to restore hope to the civilians that was the Special Unit's initial aspiration.
Yvette felt a sense of irony as her hands were cuffed. She never imagined she would find safety beside Wynter. Despite Wynter's disdain for her, Yvette believed she wouldn't resort to cruelty in critical situations, unlike the Wrays and the Winstons.
That said, Yvette didn't see herself as at fault; she was simply terrified. To someone like her, she would only feel secure when imprisoned.
As for Wynter, the priority was to pinpoint the key factors behind the upcoming pandemic. Every virus had an identifiable source, and history had shown instances of widespread outbreaks-like the horrifying cholera and bubonic plague of the Victorian age.
###chapter1545
Chapter 1545 The Good and the Bad
Both cholera and the bubonic plague were highly contagious and potentially fatal bacterial infections. Cholera first emerged in the Edraian subcontinent, particularly around the Rosnet Delta. The local practice of placing corpses into the river significantly increased the risk of cholera outbreaks.
Back then, undeveloped medical technology posed serious challenges to controlling epidemics across Southeast Ibira. On top of that, the emergence of the bubonic plague and smallpox in ancient history left people bewildered and helpless.
It was common for plagues to follow disasters. But with modern medical advancements, it was generally capable of treating such infections-unless the virus originated from an unknown source.
Yvette mentioned the Winstons' profit from the pandemic and the subsequent decline of the country's fortune.
Instinctively, Wynter suspected that the Winston family served as the conduit for the virus' spread. But the Winstons clearly weren't the only culprits-the true mastermind was likely hiding abroad.
Unfortunately, that was merely Wynter's assumption. She assumed certain details had been overlooked, allowing the virus to infiltrate Cascadia through vulnerable channels like animals or water sources.
As Wynter contemplated, a spark ignited in her eyes. She finally realized that Clyde might be the dual-souled medium in the formation.
The Winston family had often gone unnoticed not because of their weakness. On the contrary, it was because the one manipulating them sought something far greater than wealth.
Just as Wynter had witnessed, Clyde betrayed his own sect and forged souls through the Foplyans' assistance in pursuit of immortality.
A smirk played on Wynter's lips. Even if Clyde sought immortality by sacrificing the country's lifeline and fortune, he would first need to gain the Special Unit's approval.
Without hesitation, Wynter turned to one of the teens, Elmer Hull, and instructed, 'From today on, the Winston family is officially on the wanted list. They will be charged with economic crime, just like the Wrays. I want to see a Winston in three days, no matter where they are."
"Understand, Boss," Elmer replied, though his reference to Wynter left Yvette shuddering.
Yvette doubted that Wynter could catch a medium with such tactics. However, she recalled that Clyde, who seemed capable of predicting everything, had failed to see through Wynter. He also appeared wary of the Yarwood family, which was why Yvette refused to give up on Dalton.
So long as she stayed alive, she still had the chance to rebound. Yvette was certain that the higher-ups would eventually recognize her greater worth when the pandemic struck despite Wynter's affiliations. She believed that her arrest was a blessing, though she might have overestimated the situation.
"Besides what you've sensed from the Winston family, did you feel anything from the Wrays? The Winstons thrived during the pandemic, but how did the Wray family manage to take the lead in the Chamber of Commerce?" Wynter bluntly questioned.
Based on Yvette's reasoning, she followed the Winston family because they had succeeded. In other words, she had likely pursued the Wray family for the same reason.
Yvette felt utterly exposed in front of Wynter. Even if she wanted to fight back, there was no escape. Wynter's piercing gaze had unraveled all her deceptions.
No longer daring to lie, Yvette replied softly, "It's because of the scholarship program.'
###chapter1546
Chapter 1546 That School Seems Fishy
"The scholarship program, you say?' When Wynter heard Yvette's reply, her eyes flickered. Those who knew her well could sense that she had picked up on something, yet she was still missing some details.
Yvette failed to notice Wynter's gaze, believing that she was just as clueless. "I'm not sure how Kenton became the Chamber of Commerce's chairman through the scholarship committee. That program seems more about boosting his reputation than his company's profit.
"Besides, many Chamber of Commerce members possess billions in assets, not to mention the presence of historical families like the Whitmans. Even if the Whitman family has fallen, there are always others ready to take the lead.
"Yet, the Wrays have been the ones in control of Hawford in recent years. It's the ending I foresee."
Yvette resented Kenton for nearly ending her life in front of others. While Wynter had certainly played a role in her downfall, Kenton was equally to blame.
After facing losses, Kenton rallied the aristocratic families to persecute Yvette. Thanks to him, she could hardly live in peace. And so, she decisively disclosed all the details without further prodding from Wynter. "That's right, you might find something in that school," Yvette added, revealing any secret she had learned. At that point, all she wanted was for Kenton to fall. Better yet, she hoped to eliminate the entire Wray family through Wynter.
Yvette continued, "Before becoming the chairman, Kenton attended the opening ceremony of a famous laboratory school in Hawford. He was also honored as the best entrepreneur.
"Since then, he's been portrayed as a benevolent philanthropist, which likely helped his bid for the chairman position."
In truth, Wynter was already aware of the scholarship program. However, Abel's reports made no mention of the laboratory school.
While some scholarships were legitimate, they served as the Wray's hidden interests and their allies in other cases. In other words, something was amiss about that laboratory school.
As the final bell rang at Mindcrest High School, Eliana Linden rose from her seat and packed her things alongside her classmates. Just as the teacher stepped out of the classroom, they received a message on their phone.
The teacher turned back and stated, "Ms. Linden, Mr. Valencia would like to see you."
Hearing that, the students turned their eyes toward Eliana. A few boys huddled together and whispered among themselves.
"Why would Mr. Valencia want to see her? Do you think it's for "that' reason?' The last sentence sent the boys into a fit of laughter.
Eliana silently gathered her belongings and made her way to the principal's office.
Inside, Gideon Valencia was sipping tea when he heard a knock on the door. After granting permission, Eliana opened the door and walked into the room.
Noticing her arrival, Gideon put down his cup and gestured for her to take a seat. 'Ms. Linden, I understand that 30 students from your class have applied for the scholarship. Unfortunately, it's limited to five recipients. I've called you in to discuss this. Do you truly need this money?"
Eliana quickly replied, "This scholarship means a lot to me, Mr. Valencia. I live with my grandparents, who wake up early every day to sell groceries in the market just to support me.
"Our situation isn't easy. My parents divorced when I was young, leaving me in my grandparents' care. If I can have this money, it will help alleviate some of my grandparents' burden."
###chapter1547
Chapter 1547 What On Earth Is Going On
Gideon adjusted his glasses and looked at Eliana. 'Most of the applicants are either neglected children or raised by their grandparents, so you're all starting from the same point. The scholarship committee controls the funding, and in situations like this, it's every person for themselves."
Eliana was puzzled. "What do you mean, Mr. Valencia? Should I submit additional documents?"
Gideon gave a soft chuckle and explained, "I told you before, Ms. Linden. It's not the documents that matter- it's having an obedient student. I advised you to meet with the committee leaders last time, but you refused. That wasn't a good response, was it?"
Eliana frowned as she clutched her clothes. Disgust and fear washed over her in response to Gideon's words.
Gideon seemed oblivious to Eliana's distress and moved behind her to pat her back. But instead of the educated, gentle individual he appeared to be, he scrutinized her with a disconcerting gaze.
"You need to be more thoughtful if you want that money. No need to tense up. Take some time to think about what I've said. I'll contact you again in a few days," Gideon stated.
Having received financial aid for her school admission, Eliana had no choice but to agree. Still, a sense of anxiety gnawed at her.
In truth, Eliana wasn't the only scholarship recipient-someone from the next dormitory had also been chosen. While everyone else was thrilled and grateful, Eliana couldn't shake her doubts.
Once, Gideon had directed a fellow student from Eliana's village to a place to secure her scholarship. The student, Penelope Sawyer, was overjoyed and even treated Eliana to a meal.
Having been raised by her grandparents and living on subsidies, Eliana had been jealous of her peers who dined out in restaurants. As such, she could never forget the day when Penelope had taken her out for that special meal.
Penelope had promised to keep in touch, even after leaving school. However, she seemed to have disappeared since her departure.
Not only did she fail to contact Eliana, but she also hadn't returned to their hometown. During the new year, the elderly neighbor eagerly awaited her return.
Eliana doubted that the committed Penelope would do such a thing, yet there was no sign of her anywhere. When Eliana attempted to find her, Gideon publicly announced that Penelope had been recognized by the scholarship committee and sent abroad for further studies.
A year had passed since then, but Penelope still hadn't returned. Eliana felt lost, unsure of who to confide in regarding the matter. Eventually, her grades began to slip.
When her roommates noticed her dejection, they started teasing her.
"What's with the long face, Eliana? You've been chosen! If I were you, I'd be thanking the gods. It's a dream come true!"
"She's right. You're so lucky, Eliana!"
Under their playful persuasions, Eliana swallowed the words she had intended to say. Perhaps, she was truly blessed without even realizing it. Besides, she still had some time to consider Gideon's suggestion.
Maybe it was all in her head. Penelope could've simply stayed in a boarding school after going abroad, making it difficult for her to stay in touch. Once she returned, she could very well be one of those stylish students who studied aboard!
Ignoring her instincts, the young and inexperienced Eliana found herself drawn to the path Gideon suggested.
###chapter1548
Chapter 1548 Something's Off With Lynette
With the help of scholarships, many had completed their studies abroad and found employment at large companies.
Eliana had long wished to support her grandparents after reaching adulthood, especially as her ailing grandfather struggled to cover her tuition fees. She hoped to ease his burden once she started earning a living. It seemed the more kindness one had, the less aware they were of humanity's darker side.
Meanwhile, Wynter remained at the villa after meeting with Yvette. She intended to take precautions based on the information Yvette shared.
When Yvette was taken away, Elmer finally broke his silence. "We can't let the pandemic spread, Boss. I'll head to the customs and inspect the visitors and goods that have passed through once more."
With his extraordinary memory, Elmer was capable of recognizing one after a single glance.
Upon hearing Elmer's suggestion, Wynter looked up at him. "I doubt you'll find anything at customs. Besides, your search could set off some red flags."
Elmer anxiously replied, 'But if we look at past outbreaks, any viruses from foreign origin are likely in the incubation period!"
"That's why we need to find out who smuggled the virus in and how they avoided the customs. First, we should locate the Winston family.
"Give Mt. Dragon a call. Since the culprit is a cultivator, he should be under their oversight. We need their assistance," Wynter instructed as she wandered deeper into the villa.
Elmer acknowledged her order. He thought of something and added, 'Please be careful, Boss. We've received word that someone might target you because of your actions in the stock market."
Wynter glanced back at him and stated, 'Isn't that a good thing? I'd get to see how the bigwigs retaliate. For years, they have pushed the useless Wrays into the spotlight while driving local brands into the ground.
"Such a leader deserves to face consequences at our hands. Don't forget the Special Unit's initial aspirations." Elmer nodded in acknowledgment, and his striking silver hair swayed.
Every member of the Special Unit was exceptional, and they rarely considered one's status while executing their missions. An inscription on the wall of their headquarters read, "Amidst the world's injustices, only through blood does wrath arise."
As Wynter pointed out, the mission wasn't particularly significant or called for their involvement.
Wynter instructed, 'Look into the school Yvette mentioned. I suspect there's more than meets the eye. Also, why hasn't the case involving the Wray family been closed?"
To outsiders, the question seemed puzzling. After all, the case should've been resolved following Kenton's bankruptcy.
But being the lead investigator on the case, Elmer understood Wynter's implication. 'There's nothing wrong with the account from Lynette's club."
The Wray family's downfall and Kenton's subsequent arrest had been the talk of Hawford. As Kenton's biological sister, Lynette surprisingly seemed unaffected by the scandals. In fact, more patrons had been flocking to her club.
At that moment, Wynter recalled Leo's reaction. Was Lynette possibly the one they should focus on instead of Kenton?
Wynter's eyes dimmed. Lynette's club operated completely above board, which meant Wynter would need a different approach to gather clues.
For the first time, Wynter felt overwhelmed by the information uncovered and the lack of manpower at her disposal. However, she instinctively believed that all incidents were connected to the Winston family.
###chapter1549

Chapter 1549 Wynter's Brilliance
Wynter sensed a connection between the pandemic, the Wrays' scholarship committee, and Lynette's club. Unfortunately, she had yet to piece it all together. Perhaps, she should visit Lynette at her club.
As Wynter was contemplating, the sudden sound of a water droplet hitting the ground echoed. Elmer and the other Special Unit member, Emilia Patterson, exchanged glances before peering into the villa's deepest recess, where darkness loomed so thick that a flashlight was needed for visibility.
It was surprising to see a villa with all its corners obscured by pillars, blocking the light from reaching through. Even stranger was there wasn't a single lamp in the house-an oddity for a typical household.
Wynter wordlessly switched on her phone's flashlight and walked ahead, with the others following behind. As they stepped into the darkness, the air felt noticeably cooler and heavier, giving a damp and oppressive atmosphere.
When Emilia attempted to advance, Wynter stopped her. "You guys wait here. I'll head inside."
If her instincts were right, some spirits might be lingering inside. Though Wynter would be fine on her own, it could be dangerous for the others.
Holding her phone up, Wynter found that the seemingly ordinary paintings and adornments on the wall had been arranged into a formation. It served to hypnotize the viewers and evoke their deepest fear.
In a less severe case, one would simply find themselves walking around in circles. In the worst-case scenario, they could lose their grip on reality and become trapped in their own fears. Eventually, they would turn aggressive and remain stuck in the same path for days.
Rather than a legitimate formation, it was unorthodox and devious.
Without hesitation, Wynter pulled out a silk scarf and covered her eyes. Before anyone could react, she strode down the corridor until darkness completely enveloped her.
At that moment, Leo emerged from the purple sugilite pendant and warned, "Something's not right up ahead, Master. The resentment is too strong. We won't sense it unless we enter this place. Let me guide you."
Wynter merely hummed in response. As Leo noticed how she skillfully evaded the traps, he wondered if it was a cultivator's unique skill. Unfortunately, his doubts were proven wrong. Before entering the corridor, Wynter already had the key to dispel the formation. One of the paintings mirrored the very path she was treading, and she would never overlook a lucky charm's presence.
Wynter was the only one who could memorize the painting at a glance and analyze its
details. Elders often claimed that it took ten years of cultivation to draw a powerful talisman. And yet, Wynter could manifest the repression with just a stroke.
It seemed that some abilities truly came down to innate talent.
As Wynter ventured deeper, the metallic scent grew stronger-one she recognized too well. Unmistakably, it was the smell of blood.
Lifting her head, Wynter followed the scent to the right. She vaguely resembled a handsome and poised youth with her eyes blindfolded, carrying an air of ascetic mischief.
Wynter altered her course, relying on her keen sense of smell and hearing. The sound of her black boots striking the stone floor echoed through as each step pressed down on the black fog. Something beneath seemed to stir, only to sink back into the ground with Wynter's stomp.
In the end, Wynter was different from Dalton. While she could disperse the black fog wherever she went, he seemed to blend into it. That said, they shared one similarity—both evoked fear in the entities lurking beneath.
Before long, Wynter reached the end of the path and felt her toes hit something.
###chapter1550

Chapter 1550 Clyde Winston
"Are we actually there?" Wynter asked, arching a brow.
In response, Leo affirmed enthusiastically and jumped beside her. All of a sudden, he froze." Wait, Master! Don't take off your blindfold yet!"
Wynter caught on to something he said and asked, "What's wrong? Is there another painting? Is the formation still active?"
"Not exactly, but you might want to be prepared," Leo replied, casting his gaze downward with uncertainty.
Without hesitating, Wynter took off the silk scarf and looked down. Meanwhile, Leo was ready to throw the body before them into the pool if Wynter reacted with horror. Even if a cultivator could accept a spirit's presence, they couldn't bear the sight of a dead man.
However, Wynter merely narrowed her eyes before leaning over. She wrapped the silk scarf around her hand and turned the body over. The figure appeared to be over 100 years old, with white hair and age spots. Beside him lay the rosary bracelet he had always worn.
Wynter recognized the face, though it looked older than the last time she had seen it in the papers. With the loss of collagen, the elderly seemed to be nothing more than skin stretched over bone. It was as if he had succumbed to sudden old age.
Wynter silently examined the elderly's face by touch, much like how experienced doctors discerned if one had undergone facial surgery. When she confirmed that the face was authentic, her eyes darkened. It appeared the elderly man had truly passed away.
"His energy feels familiar, Master. Wait, he was the one who tricked me!" Leo exclaimed upon the sudden realization.
As he leaned in closer, his confusion grew. "But that's not right. Why is his energy so weak?"
Ignoring his question, Wynter threw the silk scarf away and called Elmer. "Call off the search for Clyde Winston. He's right here."
Elmer was baffled. He would've long noticed if Clyde had been in the villa. Given the Special Unit's vigilance, they couldn't have possibly missed Clyde.
At that moment, Wynter clarified, "Clyde's dead. Initial findings indicate he didn't die long ago. We need to dig deeper into what really happened.
"Considering the low temperature in this place, it might affect the actual time of death. This also explains why we can't detect the decaying odor."
Wynter wondered who might have killed Clyde. From Leo's and Yvette's remarks, Clyde clearly wasn't one to be taken lightly. Yet, there he was, having unexpectedly died of old age, with no visible wounds to explain.
"Get the forensics team in here. Use the astrolabe to get into the corridor and fix the lights.
I've destroyed the paintings on the wall. Burn them all," Wynter instructed in a low voice. As the Special Unit quickly complied with her orders, Wynter examined her surroundings. Before her lay a lotus-shaped pool, surrounded by walls engraved with dragon-like reliefs.
It was said that the dragon had nine children. Each dragonling was distinctive and seemed to be at an earlier phase of metamorphosis, akin to a wyrm. But that wasn't the point-the most striking detail was that the dragons appeared to be biting down on a jewel.
A sense of déjà vu washed over Wynter. As she instinctively stepped closer, the metallic scent grew stronger. The scent of blood turned out to be coming from the reliefs!
###chapter1551

Chapter 1551 It's Time to Find Atwater
Wynter quickly turned toward the reliefs, recalling the details about the formations required for the struggle over inheritance. It was known as the Draconia Inheritance Formation.
Many believed that possessing someone was a simple matter, but it was far more complicated. Humans possessed three inner lights, making it difficult for a spirit to take control of the body without weakening those lights.
Unless the possessor was a blood relative or had a rare cultivation physique like Logan, taking over another's body was virtually impossible.
Considering the way "that person" did things, it was likely he had found a suitable body and exploited the Draconia Inheritance Formation to make the switch. The blood used in the
formation was the key element.
Wynter's expression darkened. That wasn't just any blood-the blood flowing from a living person was fundamentally different from that of the deceased.
The blood utilized in the Draconia Inheritance Formation came from the living.
Unfortunately, it was impossible to trace its source since the place had been abandoned, let alone find the murderer.
Given how the low temperature would affect the actual time of death, Wynter suspected that the possession had occurred more than three days ago. Glancing at the corpse at her feet, she closed her eyes and dialed a number. The call was answered almost immediately.
"It's me, Wynter. Do you have any news about Grandpa? I've been having nightmares the past two days dreams about my childhood. I also tried reaching out to Chad, as you asked." It was Logan Winston, whose manner of speaking remained unchanged.
Wynter instructed in a low voice, "Go to the address I gave you later. If Chad ever gets back to you, let me know right away."
"What's wrong? Did something happen?" Logan sounded anxious.
"Mr. Winston Senior had passed away. I'll explain everything when we meet," Wynter replied with her gaze downcast. There was a moment of silence on the other end before Logan's sobbing was heard.
However, Wynter didn't share his sentiment. Unlike Logan, Clyde willingly consented to the possession.
When Wynter was in the formation, she believed "that person" had randomly chosen a body to inhabit. However, she became certain of one thing after seeing the Draconia Inheritance Formation.
Whether it was Clyde or the new host, both must've yearned for something deeply. They were willing to sacrifice themselves in pursuit of eternal life and greater ideals, hoping to coexist with each other.
Humans often believed they could control the dead. But for "that person", it made no difference who he possessed. Once the host lost their value, he would relentlessly seek a new body until he found the path to immortality.
That person had to be stopped. He had never shown loyalty to his country, and now he intended to jeopardize the country's fortune by sealing the celestial force. Was he also involved in the upcoming pandemic?
A flicker of uncertainty crossed Wynter's eyes. She needed to find Atwater for assistance. It was too daunting to solve everything on her own.
"Boss, we've reached out to Lupius," Elmer reported as he came in from the east path. The faint smell of burning wood filled the air, confirming that the paintings had been incinerated.
Each member of the Special Unit had a specific area of expertise. Once their unique signal was sent, they would respond as soon as possible.
It sounded bizarre, to say the least. At that moment, an Uber driver in the middle of a job suddenly turned to the passenger with a smile.
"Sorry, young lady. I have some matters to attend to. Could you take another cab? I won't charge you through the app. Here's 50 dollars for the trouble."
The young woman blinked in surprise as she stepped out of the car, hardly believing her stroke of luck.
###chapter1552

Chapter 1552 Heading to Gilodam
As the young woman exited the car, she watched the cautious driver suddenly accelerate. The startling speed kicked up a cloud of dust, leaving little time for anyone to react. His remarkable driving skills even outshone those of a professional racer.
The driver was none other than Lupius, a member of the Special Unit specializing in tracking. That said, his name sounded like a piece of equipment in games and didn't quite fit his appearance.
After all, who would expect that a plain, cheerful middle-aged man with a Hossip accent could be someone feared by foreign spies?
Lupius strode in, biting down on a cigarette. When he spotted Wynter, his smile grew warmer. "So, what do you want me to look into, Boss?"
Although the Special Unit's members were at odds with each other, they held Wynter, known as 001, in high regard. Such an admiration had little to do with age, as Lupius shared the same respect.
"I'll cut to the chase. We might face a pandemic in three months. I need you to head to Gilodam and investigate whether there are other ways to enter the country," Wynter instructed.
Elmer was surprised by the mention of his hometown, Gilodam. He had assumed the pandemic spread from the borders into the rest of the country.
"I'll go with Lupius, Boss. He might have trouble understanding our accent. It's better if I tag along," Elmer offered as he lifted his gaze. Appearing to be in his 20s, he sported a delicate face with headphones slung around his neck.
Wynter voiced her approval. As she glanced at the forensic team performing the autopsy, she handed her lucky coins to Lupius and Elmer.
"Besides investigating the source of infection, track down the Winston family as soon as possible. I have some questions for Chad-if he's still alive."
While Elmer nodded in response, Lupius appeared much more composed. Having experienced an outbreak in the past, Lupius was aware of the disaster it could wreak on normal citizens.
It was clear to Lupius that such a disease didn't emerge randomly. He knew the locations and methods to find the virus, which was precisely why Wynter had summoned him. After all, certain tasks were best left to experts for quicker and more effective results.
Wynter considered the need to leave some subordinates at the crime scene. They didn't end up completely empty-handed, but the blood needed to be collected and analyzed.
Wynter suspected that the blood didn't belong to just a single individual, but tracing its source might be challenging since it was mixed together. However, she believed there were
other clues left behind.
"Aren't you coming with us, Boss?" Elmer questioned. He was convinced that the pandemic was a critical issue that needed to be averted.
Wynter turned to him and replied, "The matters in Hawford aren't settled yet. There are things I'm curious about. I'll be investigating them alone."
Aside from the scholarship committee, she was curious about why Clyde's possessor had chosen to seize his body at the villa. She wondered if there was something within Hawford that could activate the Draconia Inheritance Formation.
On top of that, she was skeptical about Lynette's club. She wouldn't rest easy until she unraveled those mysteries.
Biting on his cigarette, Lupius coolly added, "Do you seriously think the boss has the time to deal with everything herself? Besides, this place gives me the creeps. She's definitely staying here. She's an expert when it comes to handling supernaturals, after all."
Elmer fell silent, worried that Wynter might run into trouble if she stayed behind. Noticing his concern, Wynter assured him, "Don't worry. Lucas will be here soon as the higher-ups have transferred him over. He's probably on the train by now."
###chapter1553
Chapter 1553 He Made a Deal
"Lucas is here to investigate the cases regarding corruption and economic crime, but there's no need to worry about the situation here. He's probably the supremo," Wynter explained. Though it was largely her conjecture, there were some predictable aspects at play.
Despite the Chamber of Commerce's importance, it was riddled with corruption. The higher-ups would never turn a blind eye to such an issue, especially with an influential figure presented. That was likely the reason for the personnel changes happening.
The Special Unit was aware of Lucas' connection to Wynter, though he might not know her identity since he was involved in politics. That said, the Keller family could provide valuable support to Wynter. And if that fell through, she could always reach out to Dalton.
Elmer had once caught a glimpse of Dalton from a distance. However, he found Dalton to be more elusive than what he heard.
Elmer recalled a time when he thought he had successfully hidden, only for Dalton to discover him. He couldn't shake the feeling that Dalton was even more mysterious than Wynter herself. With that recollection, Elmer was convinced of Wynter's safety.
Meanwhile, Wynter left the scene to meet Logan, who had arrived earlier. Upon seeing Clyde in the morgue, Logan broke into tears. But what saddened him the most was that he still couldn't understand Clyde's drastic changes.
In Logan's early memories, Clyde had always been loving. However, he couldn't recall when that had changed. As Logan stared into space, he struggled to accept the death of his grandfather, who had raised him.
Glancing at Logan, Wynter stated, "Under normal circumstances, Mr. Winston Senior should've passed away a long time ago. I'm sure you've realized that your grandpa is different from others. When one reaches 100, it feels as if their time has been borrowed."
Logan felt his fingers tense as he asked, "You mentioned he wants my help to prolong his life."
"What I meant was he planned to kill you and take over your body," Wynter corrected and glanced at the time.
Logan growled in response, "That's not something Grandpa would do!"
"Perhaps he was never truly your grandpa. I had some assumptions based on the timeline. Do you have any memories of your great-grandpa, Diego Winston?" Wynter calmly inquired.
Logan shook his head, unable to recall anything about Diego.
After a moment of contemplation, Wynter decided to be blunt for clarity. "Mr. Diego was a traitor. He assisted the Foplyans with translations and even resold many of our antiques."
That revelation left Logan reeling, and his eyes widened in shock.
Wynter steadied him and continued, "To continue surviving, the entity inside Mr. Diego needed to inhabit other bodies and chose Mr. Winston Senior as his host.
"Mr. Winston Senior willingly agreed to the deal. I suppose something must have happened to the family back then."
Wynter's explanation seemed to trigger a memory in Logan's mind. While he wasn't fully aware of the details, he had heard stories from his elders.
Back then, the whole Winston family had almost faced arrest due to their questionable backgrounds. However, Clyde managed to find a way out and saved the family from ruin. Since then, he held the family's reins.
Under Clyde's leadership, the once modest Winston family gradually rose to status. Their influence and power eventually seemed to rival that of the Quinnell family.
Logan's eyes widened in realization. He was no longer the naive, inexperienced young man he once was. Ever since Clyde's attempt on his life, Logan had been reflecting on his family's past. And now, everything seemed to fall into place.
Clyde had made a deal for something that was never meant to belong to the Winston family.
###chapter1554
Chapter 1554 Atoning Sins
Logan clenched his fists, his smile seeming more painful than the sight of his tears. "Wynter, this is hilarious, isn't it? I'm the type of guy who's into clubbing, racing, whatever-but I never imagined my ancestors were traitors."
Wynter understood Logan's straightforwardness and passion. He was the type who loved watching superhero movies and had figurines in his sports cars. Deep down, he loved this land more than anyone.
Wynter wasn't good at comforting people, so after pondering for a moment, she said, "Your circumstances are special, so this won't affect you. Whatever your ancestors did doesn't change the fact that you're a good person." Logan's feelings were a mess. Knowing the truth was painful, but not knowing would have left him living in a lie. He had never spoken to anyone about it, but every time he returned to the Winstons' old family estate, Astraea Villa, he would feel an eerie sense of decay.
"My progress is too slow right now," Wynter said, raising her gaze. "So, I want to use you as bait."
Logan stiffened. "Me? Bait?"
"Yes, bait. That person is currently in someone else's body, but possession isn't simple. Whoever they possess, they take on that person's karma.
"The first time they possessed your great-grandfather, he suffered a backlash, and the underworld must have sensed something. When a person dies and their soul vanishes, it's a major violation.
"From his perspective, you're the most suitable host. You're young and have a unique constitution." She paused before adding, "Besides this, there are still some lingering connections. I need you to recall-did your grandfather have close ties with any families in Hawford?"
"I'll have to think about it." Logan had received too much information today-Clyde's death, Diego being a traitor, and Chad's disappearance. He had never felt this exhausted before.
He used to fear dying mysteriously, but now, as he lowered his head and looked at Clyde's corpse, it felt like a bitter pill to swallow. "Wynter, do you think my grandfather loved me?"
"He did." Wynter's rational response left no room for argument. "But people always love themselves most. He wanted to live more than anything. And once he was possessed and had everything he ever wanted, he became obsessed.
"He was deceived. He thought that changing bodies would grant him immortality and allow him to continue ruling. "He might have resisted at first, but as his life force waned, he agreed. Over time, the person possessing him also influenced his thoughts. Logan, that's human nature."
Wynter continued in a steady tone, "Including mine. That person has their sights set on you and Tobias, but I can't risk using my brother as bait. You're also the best option because you can sense him-you can tell when he's nearby."
Wynter indeed wanted to track down that person, and using Logan as bait was the fastest way. She had initially been reluctant, but after Yvette mentioned the impending pandemic, she realized she had to race against time. After hearing Wynter's words, Logan stood up abruptly with his swollen eyes. "I'll be the bait!"
For so many years, no one had ever told him the truth. But of course, he also had another driving force behind his decision.
"I want to meet the person who possessed my grandfather. I need to know why he turned him into what he is now!
Revenge is often the fastest way for someone to grow. But beyond that, Logan spoke in a low voice, "I want to do something to atone for the Winston family's sins."
###chapter1555
Chapter 1555 Used As Wynter's Weapon
"Great." Wynter looked at Logan, her eyes filled with approval. "From now on, I will withdraw all the protection around you and leave only Leo by your side. If anything happens, I will sense it immediately."
Logan nodded, fully aware that the only reason he had been safe for so long was due to Wynter's meticulous protection. Thanks to her, his presence had been completely hidden from the rest of the Winston family.
wynter had previously used the Arcane way on him and borrowed items from Mt. Dragon to conceal the dark energy he naturally exuded, keeping unborn spirits at bay.
Before that, Logan was often haunted by spirits that latched onto him. Recently, though, nothing of the sort had happened, largely because of the protective bracelet he wore.
However, once those defenses were gone, Logan would again become vulnerable to being tracked. Though it wouldn't be immediate, with time, he would definitely be found.
The fact that his birthdate and horoscope were still in the Winston family's possession would make it even easier for that man to locate him.
If Wynter stayed by his side, it would interfere with the plan.
Logan wasn't like Tobias, whose every move was under public scrutiny. If something happened to Tobias, people would notice and raise an alarm immediately since he was an actor.
This kind of high-profile attention would have prevented that man from ever trying to possess Tobias. Otherwise, that man would have set his eyes on Tobias long ago.
In contrast, Logan was a much easier target-his low profile ensured no one would notice, just like how that man quietly moved from Diego to Clyde. The choice of the vessel mattered a great deal.
From Wynter's perspective, that man had always acted from the shadows. He had been cautious when he possessed Clyde, and he was likely the same now with his new host.
It appeared that the man had suffered a significant setback in his Arcane Way, possibly at the hands of someone with considerable power.
Wynter glanced at Clyde's corpse lying nearby, contemplating another possibility. There might be someone or something in this world that the man feared, which was why he hadn't fully revealed himself.
"Be cautious in everything you do. If something feels even slightly off, tell me immediately."
She handed Logan the purple sugilite jade along with a numbered tag. "Also, congratulations-you've officially joined the Special Unit. Let me give you a quick overview. Our unit operates under the highest authority and is not tied to any local jurisdiction.
"In special circumstances, we have immediate execution power. We can go after corruption at the highest levels or deal with unresolved grievances at the lowest.
"However, our identities must remain confidential, even from our families. Everything we do is classified at the highest level of secrecy.
"Listen carefully to what I have to say next. We're expecting an unprecedented outbreak of a pandemic in three months, centered in Cascadia's southern region.
"Based on the intel we've gathered and my own analysis, it's likely not a natural occurrence-there's a high chance it's man-made.
"For so many years, foreign influence has been infiltrating our country, and your family the Winston family- might all be involved in this, except for you."
Wynter watched Logan frozen in place, with a look of confusion or perhaps shock on his face. His eyes had a glazed, distant quality, reflecting his overwhelmed state.
"I'll give you a brief rundown of some cases we've handled," Wynter continued as she scrolled through her phone.
"There was a large-scale human trafficking case, the Hundred-Day Anti-Drug Campaign, international rescue operations, and the one you've seen before a covert espionage infiltration case. This was mentioned online, but you probably dismissed them as jokes."
At this moment, Logan felt completely numb, as if his brain no longer belonged to him.
He had always known that Wynter was special, but he never imagined she was this special. He had always thought of her as a businesswoman who just happened to be very good at fortune-telling.
###chapter1556
Chapter 1556 The Relief Sculptures
Whether it was in physical industries or high-stakes ventures reliant on luck, Wynter had a well-thought-out plan for everything. She was truly a genius among geniuses.
Only today did Logan realize that this genius had long since devoted herself to the country.
Among all the people present, none could have imagined she had such a background. Otherwise, no one would have dared to confront her or go up against the Whitman family.
Even back when Clyde was alive, he spoke of her with disdain. Chad even thought of Wynter as a joke. Looking back now, it was all so ironic.
They had all lived in arrogance, so used to their privileged upbringing that they instinctively categorized people into different ranks. Logan thought he understood Wynter completely, but in truth, he probably hadn't even grasped a third of who she really was.
As a young man, like many others, Logan harbored a dream of being a hero hoping to become, like a movie's protagonist, someone truly special who could dedicate his life to the land beneath his feet.
Logan's pain was gradually washed away by a surge of excitement. He looked up at Wynter. "Rest assured, Wynter. I will definitely complete the task you've entrusted to me!"
"Alright." Wynter didn't doubt Logan's character. Otherwise, she wouldn't have given him the badge belonging to the Special Unit.
There were people in this world who carried a legacy, and then there were those who walked through life guided only by their passion. From the moment she met Logan, Wynter knew he was unhappy within the Winston family.
She had heard all the rumors from Kingbourne about her. So, she knew it wasn't easy not to conform in such an environment.
Yet, Logan had managed to stay true to himself he was the only one in his family not influenced by those around
hirn.
After giving her instructions, Wynter didn't linger. Initially, she had planned to personally visit Lynette's club to see what exactly was captivating all those socialites.
However, after seeing the earlier relief sculpture, she was left with an unsettling feeling. Compared to investigating the clubhouse, the scholarship committee seemed far more dangerous.
From its name alone, it was clear that the program involved students. Laboratory schools, being one of the top schools, shouldn't have many issues. After all, they weren't found in rural areas with neglected children whose parents were away for extended periods.
The records for each round of educational aid for top schools like this should be well-documented, and the students receiving scholarships should have their information on file.
Yet, according to Yvette, the Wray family had somehow used this school as a stepping stone to gain power within the Chamber of Commerce.
Mounting her motorcycle, Wynter's long legs gracefully swung into place. As she snapped her helmet on, the curve of her lips held a chilling edge.
Some people truly behaved worse than animals, all while thinking they could seize power under the guise of doing good.
Since the Wray family had fallen, if something sinister really was happening at this laboratory school, now was the best time to investigate. Whoever was benefiting from the school wouldn't sever this link easily.
Someone new was bound to step in. When they did, she'd be ready to swiftly pull the rug from under them and send them all to prison!
At this moment, the Waldron family was entertaining guests, eagerly anticipating Wynter's downfall. They were completely unaware of her true intentions and what she was about to do next.
In Edison's eyes, once Fredric made his move, Wynter was as good as finished. It was merely a matter of time. He only needed to sit back comfortably and watch the spectacle unfold.
At the right moment, he could even play the hero over at the Whitman family. But for now, he would allow them to remain happy. After all, he believed they would be in a living nightmare soon.
Edison's thoughts were colored by a prior agreement that if the Wray family fell, he would be chosen as a decision- maker for the Chamber of Commerce.
Today, however, not many had shown up. He knew that most of the attendees had gone to the Whitman family instead.
"Alvin really is shortsighted, betting everything on the Whitman family," someone whispered in Edison's ear. Edison chuckled in response and said in a quiet voice, "Let him. Those who go there now will end up crying even harder later."
###chapter1557

Chapter 1557 Still Trapped in Delusions
The person next to Edison widened his eyes in surprise. "Mr. Waldron, are you hiding something from us?"
"Not at all," Edison replied, his words tightly guarded. "But as businesspeople, we must know what to get involved in and what to avoid. The Montclair family's downfall is a clear example. Now, let's see if Wynter is as lucky when she faces the same situation."
Everyone knew that the Montclair family had been entirely ruined. Tamia, punished for numerous offenses, had no hope of ever getting out.
Tamia had tried to reach out for help, banking on her past connections with that man. After all, many elements at play had helped him reach where he was today. If both the Wray and Montclair families collapsed, his position could also be at risk.
But that man didn't respond to her pleas. Tamia finally understood what it meant to be in eternal torment.
She had to listen to Landon hurling insults at her every day, saying that her actions were worse than those of animals. Within just two days, her former elegance had vanished.
She had even considered ending it all by ramming into a wall, but she failed every time. Now, all she could do was wait in agony for her sentencing.
Tamia glared at the prison camera with resentment, thinking that Wynter was on the other side, laughing at her. "Just you wait. One day, you'll regret ever coming to Hawford. Someone will show you the meaning of stopping before it backfires."
She had completely lost her mind. Deep down, she understood that the Montclair family's current situation meant that anyone who still had ties with them would expose their political and business collusions.
No one wanted to be dragged down with them, so everyone kept their distance from the Montclair family.
Wynter's strategy had been ruthless and clear. She had cut off every escape route for the Wray family.
Even Ophelia, who had been released on bail, was treated like an outcast in Hawford. She might be free, but no one dared to contact her. The higher-ups worried that she was bait released by the authorities anyone reaching out risked being tracked by them.
As for the social circle of affluent ladies, they had made their stance clear. They weren't in the same social class anymore, so why pretend otherwise?
Ophelia still held onto hope, thinking that she could somehow convince Rosalyn to help her plead for mercy.
"Noah and I just had a misunderstanding. I never really wanted to divorce him. It was all because of my mother's manipulation." Ophelia tried explaining herself.
Rosalyn, not wanting to get involved in Ophelia's messy situation with the Whitman family, found it difficult to fend off her persistent attempts to block her path.
Ophelia would have rather stayed in jail than face the reality awaiting her outside-a mountain of debt, no home to return to, and the stain of economic crimes on her family's name. Now, she was just a middle-aged woman who had lost everything.
This was the harshest blow for Ophelia. This felt worse than being locked up. It made her feel like she was living in a nightmare, especially when she saw the judgmental looks from her former friends.
"What kind of misunderstanding could make someone accuse their own husband of cheating?"
"Exactly. We would never stoop to something like that."
The ladies were skilled in cold, biting remarks, and Ophelia knew this all too well. She had once been part of their circle, after all. But now, being on the receiving end of their mockery made her wish she could disappear!
The thought of having nothing left in the future filled her with panic. She couldn't accept that at all. She had to reclaim her status as Mrs. Whitman!
Seeing that Rosalyn remained silent, Ophelia assumed there was still a chance. Desperately, she grabbed Rosalyn's arm.
"Rosy, we've been friends for so many years. You'll help me, won't you? I don't even need to see Noah. Just please, tell my son that I'm here waiting for him. Can you do that for me?"
###chapter1558

Chapter 1558 A Mere Stepping Stone
As long as she could see Cyrus, Ophelia believed he would soften upon seeing her in this
state. After all, blood was thicker than water. No child would truly abandon their mother, and especially not Cyrus!
As his mother, Ophelia understood Cyrus well.
However, Rosalyn shook her head after hearing her plea. "Ophelia, I might try to help you if you ask me to arrange a meeting with Noah. But if you want me to bring Cyrus out, the Whitman family might hold me accountable.
"I'm not going to do something so foolish, and I advise you not to use your child like that. You'll only make the Whitman family feel that keeping you in Hawford is trouble."
Rosalyn was a smart woman, even if her words were blunt. She had no intention of continuing her association with Ophelia.
Rosalyn couldn't even manage her own husband. She was not in the mood to take care of someone else's problem.
There was no chance that one would be invited back in once they were chased out of a circle. Ophelia was exposed to a malice she had never experienced before.
She had lost everything-except for mountains of debt and the occasional whisper, "She's probably sick in her head. Why would she divorce someone like Noah?"
"You have no idea how she was all about 'empowerment' just a few days ago. She was saying that divorce was the best choice. We all believed her and thought Noah had really wronged her, but she played us all for fools."
"She should've divorced him long ago. She had never been good enough for Noah."
"She used drugs to climb her way up but still had the audacity to be on the same table as us. Who gave her that confidence?"
Ophelia wanted to block out the voices, but they seemed to come from all directions. Her phone rang again—it was another debt reminder. She hadn't even had breakfast, and now she didn't know where she would sleep tonight.
But despite everything, Ophelia's mind remained fixated on contacting Cyrus. To her, Cyrus was merely her stepping stone to escape her miserable situation.
Yet, Wynter would never give her that chance, and Cyrus was no longer the same person he used to be.
When he learned that Ophelia was trying to reach out to him, he transferred her a sum of money, followed by a short message. "I know I'm nothing more than an ATM to you now. This is the first and last time."
Ophelia didn't care about the message. She was happy as long as there was money in her
account! Cyrus was still her son after all. Once she spent this money, she was sure she could get more next time.
But her real goal wasn't just the money. She needed to use Cyrus to reconnect with Noah.
As for Wynter, she could sell her some information, perhaps about the shared interests between the Montclair and Wray families, or why that man had once needed the Wray family so much. There was also the role Yvette had played in all this.
Not to mention the fact that it wasn't just the aristocratic families in Hawford - there was also a deeper connection to Kingbourne. If not for that man in Kingbourne, these families would never have been so united.
This was the kind of information that only insiders knew, and no matter how skilled Wynter was, she might never uncover it on her own!
Meanwhile, at the laboratory school, Eliana had finally made up her mind and returned to the principal's office.
"Mr. Valencia, you can contact them now. I'm willing to go."
Gideon's face lit up with a smile. "You should've agreed earlier. You have no idea how much your life will change after this! Alright, you don't need to attend any more classes now. I'll take you there right away."
"Right now? Isn't that a bit rushed?" Eliana frowned, her sense of unease deepening.
###chapter1559

Chapter 1559 Who Said It Was Useless to Study
"Rushed? How is this rushed? The name list came out long ago, and you're already late. There are procedures to follow. You've informed your family, right? If you don't hurry, you might miss out altogether." Gideon spoke of the opportunity as though it were a golden ticket.
He continued, "You were selected because of your excellent grades and outstanding qualifications. However, once you're there, whether you perform well enough to actually earn the scholarship will depend entirely on you."
Upon hearing this, Eliana's skepticism began to wane. She indeed had excellent grades, consistently ranking in the top 100 of her year nationally. Given the school's high reputation and its ties to international institutions, it wasn't surprising that she had been chosen.
What she didn't know was that Gideon had carefully crafted his words to erase her doubts and ensure she followed along without resistance. Once she was calm, she'd be more willing to go with him.
After all, the school was full of surveillance cameras, and if something went wrong, it would come back to him.
Moreover, the higher-ups had only seen Eliana's photo and deemed her suitable for their purpose. Nobody knew for sure whether her destination was truly abroad or if she had another fate awaiting her.
Gideon, however, was eager for Eliana to be chosen. The closer his connections were to the higher-ups, the more chances he had to get a promotion.
He didn't think it was a big deal. After all, these students were benefiting from the opportunities his network provided.
Many students, like Eliana, came from families without local residency, yet clung to the dream of settling in Hawford. They couldn't afford social security or the exorbitant costs of buying property in the school district.
Eliana relied on her elderly grandparents, thinking she could find a place in the city. Did she really think good grades alone could change her fate? Gideon found that idea laughable and foolish.
Gideon's smirk made Eliana feel uneasy. "I'd like to call my grandfather."
"Sure." Gideon took the lead and walked ahead. "You should let him know you're safe. Make the call while we walk-it'll save time."
Eliana nodded, dialing her phone to inform her family that she had been selected for an overseas study opportunity.
Her grandparents, like many elderly people, were unaware of the complexities behind such offers. This was the same reason so many elderly fell victim to scams. To anyone in their
position, it was simply a source of pride that their granddaughter was excelling.
Anson Linden and Agnes Mendes adored their granddaughter greatly. Despite their frailty and labored breath when speaking, their pride and joy were unmistakable in their voices.
"Our Eliana is really going places! Listen to your teachers while you're out there, and just tell us if you need money for anything. Your grandma and I have saved a little."
Eliana knew all too well how they had managed to save that money-by waking up early and staying out late, collecting bottles and recyclables to scrape together extra funds. They'd even stationed themselves near trash bins just so she could have a bit more pocket money. Her fingers tightened around her old, second-hand phone that had cost only a few hundred dollars. Compared to some of her classmates, who could spend thousands on a single meal, it indeed made her seem like she was lagging behind the times.
But at least her grandparents knew she hadn't been distracted by material things. She had always kept her head down and focused on her studies.
To them, her being selected for this study abroad program was a direct result of her academic excellence. How could they think otherwise?
Eliana's resolve solidified. She understood that her only real escape from her circumstances was through education. If she accepted this scholarship, it would relieve her family of some of the burden, and her grandparents could finally rest.
Looking down, she spoke softly into the phone, "The expenses are covered by the school and philanthropists, so you won't need to worry. But I might not be able to call you and Grandma as often. I'm just worried about leaving, with no one to take care of you two."
###chapter1560

Chapter 1560 A Trap
"You silly child. Your Grandma and I can take care of each other just fine." Despite coming from a rural background, Anson had never favored boys over girls.
Eliana didn't have parents but had received nothing but love from her grandparents.
"Once you go abroad, your Grandma and I will move back to our hometown. We'll farm a little and find some stuff to do while waiting for you to return triumphantly!"
Anson's laughter eased a lot of worry weighing on Eliana's heart.
Gideon, walking ahead, overheard the conversation and felt a disdainful sneer tug at his lips. He figured that the apple didn't fall far from the tree.
If there were really such good opportunities to study abroad, the school would obviously give them to wealthy business investors' children. Who would waste a chance like that on poor kids?
Gideon came to the conclusion that they didn't understand their place in society, and that was beyond pathetic.
Eliana, who was trailing behind him, couldn't see his current expression.
As they reached the school gate, the security guard didn't even bother asking any questions. He just opened the gate with an ingratiating smile. "Are you heading out, Mr. Valencia?"
Gideon chuckled lightly. "Oh, no. I'm just taking a look around."
This whole setup was perfect. Eliana was going willingly, so if anyone ever questioned what happened later, he would be in the clear.
"Off you go, Eliana. The person picking you up is right across the street," Gideon said.
Eliana looked up and saw a minivan parked across the road. The driver, Colby Leblanc, was a young man who looked fresh out of college with an approachable face. He rolled down the window and waved, motioning for her to come over.
Eliana glanced back at the school building behind her as she saw Colby's gesture.
Gideon didn't rush her. In fact, it wasn't the school's policy to escort students like this. If anyone wanted to study abroad, they usually handled it on their own.
But this time was different-the orders from above had been urgent. They'd specifically requested Eliana. So, he had no choice but to be directly involved.
Since the Wray family's fall, his own situation had become precarious. Fortunately, no one knew about his connections to them. If they did, he'd be under investigation, too.
Gideon's mind was heavy with thoughts as he glanced at the car waiting. As soon as Eliana stepped through that gate, the school would be free of responsibility—at least on the surface. Even if someone tried to investigate later, those higher-ups would cover for him.
After all, a girl from Eliana's background... Her grandparents wouldn't know any better. In a mere two years, it would be nearly impossible to find her.
Some people went abroad and simply stayed there, cutting ties with their families. He'd seen it happen before.
And for him, escaping overseas had always been part of his plan. After the Wray family's collapse, he accelerated his own emigration process.
As far as Gideon was concerned, these girls going abroad and never returning was "normal". Gideon was confident in his plans.
Eliana was still just a student, with little life experience and no real understanding of what might be lurking beneath the surface. Furthermore, Colby's friendly appearance reassured her. She no longer hesitated and stepped out of the school gates.
At first, everything seemed normal. But as Eliana approached the minivan, she realized that Colby wasn't the only one in the vehicle. There were three large men inside, and one of them reached over to pull the door open.
A wave of unease surged through her, and her fingers instinctively tightened around the hem of her shirt. She felt the urge to back away.
But Colby, now standing on the other side, blocked her path back to the school. He remained polite as he spoke, "Ms. Linden, don't worry. These are just employees from our company. It's getting late, so please get in. It's better not to keep the bosses waiting."
The scene, even if captured on camera, wouldn't look like Eliana was being threatened. And besides, this area happened to be a blind spot for the surveillance system.
###chapter1561
Chapter 1561 Here Comes Wynter
The school's surveillance cameras couldn't capture this spot, and across the street, a tree conveniently blocked the view.
If anyone tried to piece the footage together, they'd only see Eliana stepping out of the school gates and disappearing after crossing the street. This was exactly the effect they wanted.
Gideon had long turned and walked away, as if he was just here for a stroll and casually chatting with the guard while helping a student out.
At this very moment, Wynter, riding her motorcycle, happened to witness the scene. She had initially planned to enter the school but instead quickly turned her bike around, silently tailing the minivan.
No one noticed her. Inside the vehicle, everyone's attention was fixed on Eliana.
A creeping sense of dread washed over Eliana.
Colby chuckled lightly. "You'll get used to it. They'll handle all your paperwork for studying abroad."
His words were nothing more than a tactic to calm her. There was no "studying abroad", but it was important to keep Eliana's emotions in check. The last thing they wanted was a girl crying hysterically, which would be such a hassle.
If one really thought about it, there was no way an opportunity like this would fall into someone's lap without strings attached.
Sure, some girls would actually be sent overseas to study the higher-ups had more than enough money to throw around. Sponsoring 100 students was an easy feat.
But for others—those who had already caught that man's eye-they had to stay! Those girls had real value! Colby's laughter was a stark difference to his appearance. He glanced in the rearview mirror. "What's with the person behind us? Is someone following us?"
As soon as he spoke, Wynter leaned forward, revving her engine before speeding past them with a smooth and impressive maneuver.
"You're being paranoid. Why would anyone follow us?"
Colby glanced sideways. "I've just been under a lot of pressure lately."
The men exchanged some light-hearted banter, and the mood in the minivan seemed to relax.
But Eliana's palms were sweaty. She didn't even know what she was so terrified of. They were supposed to be employees from the scholarship committee, so why was she feeling this way now?
Unlike Eliana's confusion, Wynter could clearly sense that something was wrong with the people in the minivan. She had followed them for a reason.
In a normal situation, no student would leave school during class, especially to get into a vehicle they weren't familiar with.
Though she had been far away earlier, Wynter noticed Eliana's subtle, hesitant movements, indicating her reluctance to get into the vehicle.
The strange positions of the school's security guard and Gideon also caught her attention. They could see the girl getting into the car, yet as school staff, they did nothing to stop her. Immediately, Wynter thought of the scholarship committee.
The moment she sped past them earlier, it was a calculated move to prevent the men from realizing they were being followed.
She needed to find out where these people were taking Eliana, but she wasn't about to act alone. Losing track of them or, worse, letting something happen to Eliana would be the last thing she wanted.
Without hesitation, Wynter pressed the button on her Bluetooth earpiece and made a call. The team on the other end was part of the anti-corruption unit, the same group working with Lucas.
"Hello?" The voice on the other end was cautious. It was weird for someone to call them, after all. They wondered if the informant had new information.
"This is the reporting hotline, correct?" Wynter's voice was steady. "There's a black minivan currently traveling west. The license plate is KJ4-9Y7Z. The occupants are involved in human trafficking, and there is a high school girl inside.
"They may have other victims at their destination, and this operation is likely connected to the case you're currently working on. I suggest you track the vehicle immediately using the license plate for a city-wide pursuit."
###chapter1562
Chapter 1562 Wynter Has the Swag
Wynter hung up after saying that. She was confident that with Lucas on the other end, they would definitely jump into action. Furthermore, her message wasn't something anyone would dare overlook.
Lucas had just arrived in town after his transfer. He hadn't even had the chance to attend the conference, but as soon as he stepped off the high-speed train, he was already met by a welcoming party-people of considerable status in Hawford. After all, he deserved the respect his title warranted.
But the timing of his phone call was fortuitous-it was a call from the anti-corruption unit. He hadn't forgotten the purpose of his reassignment. He glanced over at Juan.
"Mr. Keller has personal matters to deal with." Juan was quick to manage the situation, efficiently blocking some of the people approaching Lucas.
These were all influential public officials from Hawford, and Lucas couldn't afford to waste too much time.
After hearing the details of the issue, he immediately issued orders. "Act on what she said. Whether this is a prank or not, lockdown the city and alert the SWAT team."
This was a move intended to circumvent local authority for a more direct action.
Wynter had not misjudged Lucas. He was indeed someone who understood the gravity of the situation.
Lucas was already receiving such a call on his very first day in this new role, and he couldn't shake the feeling that the circumstances in Hawford were more complicated than he had anticipated.
Yet, the urgency in that call reminded him so much of Wynter, whom he hadn't seen in a long time.
Meanwhile, Wynter had been following the black minivan for quite some time, navigating a series of winding roads that led toward the countryside.
She was very familiar with Hawford's layout and realized that if the vehicle didn't hit the highway soon, she would be putting herself at risk of being discovered. The fewer cars on the road, the more she stood out.
Rather than waiting for them to spot her, she decided to reveal herself, but in a way that wouldn't link her to any kind of tracking. With that in mind, she accelerated.
The people in the minivan hadn't taken Wynter's presence seriously. Colby continued to reassure Eliana, trying to
ease her nerves.
Just then, in the middle of the road, Wynter executed a sharp turn, stopping right in front of the minivan- fearless and bold.
Colby immediately hit the brakes, the screeching tires coming to a halt.
"Why did you stop like that?" Colby berated. After all, this would be anyone's first reaction to a situation like this.
Wynter seemed to completely ignore them, perfectly embodying the attitude of a scion who looked down on others.
"My vehicle won't move. Does anyone have a lighter?" She simply parked her motorcycle, removed her helmet with one hand, and smirked, looking incredibly cool.
Eliana didn't know where her sudden courage came from. Perhaps it was from seeing Wynter and the fact that she still felt uncomfortable in the minivan, she shouted from inside the vehicle, "Miss, I want to go with you!"
Wynter's gaze softened slightly as she looked over. "What's going on here? Young lady, I'm sure you should be in class now. Why aren't you studying and are out here instead?"
Several cars behind her noticed someone blocking the way and quickly got out, approaching Wynter.
"Miss, this isn't your concern. We're from the school, helping students study abroad. And Ms. Linden, why did you say that out of nowhere?" Colby asked Eliana.
Eight men stood in front of Wynter. All of them walked out and were dressed in suits, some quite large. They looked at Wynter and smirked lowly. "Don't go looking for trouble. Just push your motorcycle into the tree's shades where it's cooler."
As one of them stepped toward Eliana to pull her back into the car, his hand was suddenly grasped tightly.
It was Wynter. She looked at the big men, her voice calm and indifferent. "I find it quite cool here. What can you do about it?"
###chapter1563

Chapter 1563 Coming Out Victorious
Colby frowned upon hearing this. The group of men exchanged glances and began to take a serious look at Wynter.
They had been in Hawford for quite some time and had never encountered someone so arrogant. They thought Wynter must be a scion out of town, unaware of the rules here. It seemed she had a death wish for blocking their way.
What these men didn't know was that if they'd paid even a little attention to the stock market, they would have heard that a girl from the Quinnell family had arrived in town not long ago. And she was known for putting troublemakers in their place.
"Why don't you ask around who's in charge here? If you're so eager for trouble, you can stay here and cool off along with your bike!" One of the men rushed aggressively toward Wynter, raising his arm high, ready to punch. The others closed in as well.
But before the man could even touch her, his hand was suddenly gripped tightly. Wynter moved swiftly, balancing herself on one leg, using her motorcycle as a pivot. With one move, three of the men were knocked to the ground.
Colby was stunned by this sudden turn of events. He hadn't expected a young woman like Wynter to charge straight at them like this.
Without giving him any time to be surprised, Wynter swung her bike and grabbed one of the men. Her voice was calm. "It's more fitting for you to stay here instead."
"Wha-"
Before anyone could respond, Wynter kicked the man in front of her, sending him crashing to the ground with immense force. The man's fist she had been holding made a sharp crack sound as the bones shattered into pieces.
Wynter, who also happened to be well-versed in medicine, struck their pressure points mid- fight, rendering them unable to even cry out in pain.
The remaining three hesitated for a moment before charging at Wynter together. Wynter smirked lazily. With a casual flick of her helmet, she knocked another one to the ground!
In an instant, they instinctively felt the danger and began retreating, trying to run. But it was too late.
One of the men didn't even manage to see how Wynter moved before a tremendous force gripped his neck, slamming him hard against the car. He struggled to breathe, and his eyes widened with fear.
Yet, Wynter seemed completely unfazed, her deep, emotionless eyes fixed on him. At the corners of her eyes, a faint crimson glow shone, like a blood-stained moon on the horizon.
"Open the door and release the girl," Wynter ordered.
In less than a minute, every one of their men had been taken down. Colby, who had been smirking just moments ago, now had a completely different expression. He wanted to start the car, but the path was blocked by his own men.
While Wynter didn't need to worry about getting caught, they certainly needed to avoid the patrols outside. Moreover, with a new official's recent arrival, getting exposed would cause them more trouble than it was worth.
Without hesitation, Colby opened the car door, his palms slick with cold sweat as he thought about how he would explain this to the higher-ups.
Wynter tossed Colby aside and swiftly pulled Eliana out of the minivan. Then, her gaze landed on Colby's face as she asked with feigned ignorance, "What exactly are you doing here? Are you forcing students to accompany guests for drinks?"
Colby looked at Wynter as if he had just seen the devil, yet at the same time, he let out a sigh of relief.
He thought that she had only stopped their minivan by chance and didn't know what they were really up to. If Eliana hadn't called for help just now, Wynter might have only asked for a lighter and nothing more.
After all, the scions he knew were all like that, acting as if everyone was beneath them.
###chapter1564

Chapter 1564 More Than One Behind the Scene
"You've misunderstood. We meant no harm and were just following orders to take her to complete some paperwork.
"Ms. Linden here is an outstanding student, and her school recommended her for an overseas exchange program. If you don't believe me, you can ask her."
Colby shifted the focus onto Eliana, fully expecting that a kid like her wouldn't be able to say much.
Indeed, Eliana wasn't good at lying. Under Wynter's gaze, she nodded slightly and added, " But I kept feeling that something was off. Maybe I was just overthinking it, which is why I asked for your help, miss."
She couldn't exactly tell Wynter that her gut feeling alone had driven her to seek help. Being around these people gave her chills. Although they hadn't done anything wrong, something just didn't feel right to her, but she couldn't put her finger on what it was.
While Eliana couldn't articulate it, Wynter, being a professional, had no such problem. Why do you need eight or nine grown men to take one young girl to handle study abroad paperwork?
11
"Can't the school teachers or relevant departments do it for her? This whole setup doesn't look like paperwork processing-it looks more like kidnapping and trafficking."
Wynter's words made everyone present visibly react. The men on the ground exchanged glances with Colby.
They knew they couldn't stay there much longer. If the police came, it would be trouble. Even if it was just traffic cops, they'd have to go through the paperwork. They couldn't afford to get caught up in this.
Meanwhile, Eliana, who was receiving financial support from these people, suddenly felt enlightened by Wynter's sharp words. Indeed, that was exactly what was strange!
She clutched the hem of her clothes as she remembered Penelope, who never returned home. Fear flickered in her eyes. "Miss, I don't want the scholarship anymore. I'm going to tell the principal to give it to someone else!"
The principal? Eliana had mentioned a key figure.
In fact, even if Eliana hadn't brought it up, Wynter would still have secretly investigated the school. These people had taken a student right from the school gates, while the security guard and the principal just stood by and watched. There was definitely something fishy going on.
Although Wynter didn't know the situation's full scope yet, she could already guess the gist of it.
The school and the Wray family's "scholarship committee" were part of a scheme to funnel
interests. These selected students were essentially goods purchased by the Wray family. Under the guise of a scholarship committee, they smoothed over any ions.
Where the students ended up wasn't clear yet, but it was certain they didn't stay with the Wray family.
Wynter suspected that the Wray family was trading these girls for something else. The more Wynter uncovered about this shady operation, the colder her gaze became.
This scheme greatly benefited Kenton, helping him go from having nothing to becoming even more powerful than the Whitman family in just a decade. He even nearly became the Chamber of Commerce's chairman.
Whoever was behind this wasn't just rich-they had to be powerful, too. Wynter also believed that more than one party was involved.
However, Colby, who was clearly the ringleader, was clever. Hearing what Eliana said, he immediately responded, "Ms. Linden, we were just taking you to verify your documents for eligibility. It's a rare opportunity, and many students are eager for it.
"If you didn't want to go, you should have spoken up earlier to avoid this misunderstanding. You see, we adults tend to be overly cautious. We didn't mean to scare you by bringing too many people."
Colby remained polite throughout.
Eliana couldn't really accuse him of anything, so she leaned a little closer to Wynter for comfort.
Wynter looked up, her voice soft and casual. "Of course she was scared. You should at least compensate her for the mental distress.
"Otherwise, people might think you're trafficking young girls, especially with how you got physical earlier. That's not how law-abiding citizens behave, now, is it?"
###chapter1565
Chapter 1565 In Your Face
The three men Wynter had knocked to the ground were still writhing in pain. They wondered how she still had the audacity to talk about abiding by the law.
Colby knew his men were losing their cool. After all, they'd never been treated this way in Hawford.
He quickly stepped in front of them and forced a smile. "Yes, you're absolutely right. We might have gotten off on the wrong foot. But... I don't recognize you. Are you not from Hawford?"
Colby was fishing for information, trying to figure out who Wynter was. He needed to understand why they ended up being humiliated today.
Wynter, sharp as always, instantly understood his intentions. A small smile tugged at her lips.
Since things had already escalated to this point, it didn't really matter whether she revealed her identity or not. Whoever their higher-ups were, they would undoubtedly investigate her soon, anyway.
So, rather than keeping quiet, she decided to draw all attention to herself. This way, Lucas and his team could investigate in secret and gather evidence without any loose ends escaping.
"I'm indeed not from Hawford." Wynter glanced at them coolly, her voice laced with an authoritative detachment. "I'm here for business. My temper's not the best, so you should have heard about my... reputation by now."
One of the thugs gave a mocking laugh, wincing at the pain it caused his bruised face.
He thought Wynter sure could talk big. Did she really think people should know here in Hawford, with all its vastness? Ridiculous. They were already plotting their revenge. Once Colby found out who she was, there was no way she'd escape unscathed!
Colby was thinking the same thing, but his expression remained neutral and friendly. "Reputation, you say? What kind of reputation? Care to share?"
Once they knew her name and her line of business, they could make sure she wouldn't last a day in Hawford. Blocking their higher-up's "goods" was a grave mistake. She had no idea who she was messing with!
"There's nothing inconvenient about it," Wynter said casually as she lifted the helmet, placing it in Eliana's hands before gesturing for her to get on the motorcycle.
Wynter then tilted her chin toward a nearby billboard. "That family? I took them down."
That family?
Colby and the thugs all turned their heads to look at the billboard that hadn't been taken off yet. It displayed a company logo they all recognized instantly. Their faces immediately paled.
That was the Wray family's billboard! That would mean...
Colby turned to look at Wynter, trembling with fear. "You're from the Quinnell family..."
Colby didn't finish the sentence but quickly bit his tongue, stopping just in time.
He couldn't believe it! What horrible luck they had today, running into someone like her! Of all people, they'd crossed paths with this particular storm bringer. And Eliana just had to ask for help right at this moment!
They were practically fearless, but even they knew about Wynter's recent actions in Hawford. The Wray family was ruined-reduced to crawling in the gutters-because of her!
Just moments ago, they had been planning to ensure Wynter couldn't operate in Hawford, but now? They only wanted to flee, report back to their superiors, and sever any ties with her immediately.
They were done for if she picked up on anything more. After all, the Quinnell family was notorious for meddling in others' affairs!
"You're the legendary Ms. Quinnell... We were ignorant fools!" Colby quickly changed his tone, forcing a smile of admiration onto his face. It was as if Wynter had suddenly become a hero in his eyes.
"What you did to the Wray family was absolutely brilliant! To be honest, our company had issues with them, too. They owe us a lot of money, and no matter how many times we've asked, they never paid up. A shady business like that deserved to go under!"
###chapter1566
Chapter 1566 A Warning From Penelope
"Yeah, he's right," the rest of the thugs echoed, the agreements sounding forced and insincere. In reality, they were just eager to leave as quickly as possible.
However, Wynter wasn't about to let them go so easily. Since they had been probing her, she decided to return the favor. Casually, she asked, "Oh? Does the Wray family owe your company money? Which company might that be?" Colby hadn't expected such a question. He paused for a moment before quickly replying, "Our company is small. It's not worth mentioning and is certainly nothing compared to yours."
"Are you truly sponsoring students despite being a small company? Quite admirable," Wynter remarked with a faint hint of praise.
The compliment sent shivers down Colby's spine. "It's all thanks to our investor. He doesn't just fund us, but he invests in many companies, too. He's from a small town and is just trying to help students get better education opportunities."
"How kind of him. We should meet up sometime." Wynter then added casually, "Since we were so fated to meet each other, how about exchanging contacts?"
Colby was taken aback. "Huh?" His face clearly showed that he thought he had misheard.
Wynter chuckled. "What's the matter? Am I not good enough?"
At this point, Colby knew that refusing would only make things worse. Reluctantly, he pulled out his phone and added her number.
Only someone like Wynter could turn the tables like this. She managed to turn these men into her "buddies", trapping them in a corner with no way out and making them squirm.
"Alright, that's settled. I'll be taking this young lady with me now," Wynter said casually after they exchanged
contacts.
With a confident wave, she walked away, leaving the group of men utterly bewildered by the whirlwind that had just hit them.
"What do we do now, Mr. Leblanc?" one of the men asked Colby.
Colby exhaled slowly. "We'll head back. You can't simply mess with people from the Quinnell family."
They knew it wouldn't be easy to deal with the Quinnell family, especially Wynter. They had no idea what she was really thinking!
As the temperature in Hawford dropped sharply with fall's arrival, Wynter ordered two cups of hot milk tea upon entering the shop.
She then found a seat by the window and sat down, noticing the fear and unease in Eliana's eyes. To comfort her, Wynter gently patted her back and handed her one of the hot drinks, after inserting the straw.
"What's your name?" Wynter asked.
Eliana snapped out of her daze. "Eliana Linden."
"And those people at the school gate earlier, where were they planning to take you?"
Eliana shook her head. "I don't know. The principal said it had something to do with the scholarship."
Wynter sensed there was more to the story. "Has anyone else in your school had a similar experience? Had they applied for a scholarship before they were taken away?"
At that, Eliana's face showed a sudden realization. "There was a senior of mine, Penelope. She applied for the scholarship, too, but she never came back after she left the school that day.
"The principal told us that the scholarship committee had noticed her potential and sent her abroad for further studies. He encouraged us to follow her example."
As Eliana spoke, uncertainty crept into her voice. "I tried messaging her a few times, but she never responded. When I tried calling, her phone was always off.
"But a while back, she sent me a voice message, warning me to not apply for the scholarship. She was about to explain why when she suddenly stopped speaking. Then, she stopped replying altogether."
Wynter sipped her milk tea, her mind beginning to piece things together.
Suddenly, Eliana grabbed Wynter's arm in a panic, as if she had remembered something. "The scholarships are funded by a sponsorship committee. Most of the students in our school are neglected children.
"When the principal told me to meet the committee's leaders, I didn't think much of it because I really needed that money. I completely forgot about the message Penelope sent me."
Wynter asked her to take her phone out and show her the chat with Penelope.
After examining it for a moment, Wynter made a quick call. "I will give you a phone number, and I need you to trace this phone's current IP location."
###chapter1567
Chapter 1567 Coddling Wolf
On the other end of the line, the person didn't say a word. With a stern expression and focused eyes on the computer screen, he simply nodded.
Who else could it be but wolf? He had always worked behind the scenes, particularly since he started tracking the Winston family's ongoing activity. It attracted the least attention by making him follow Logan.
Wynter had the option of using Whitley. But the moment a Saviour appeared, it would surely draw unwanted attention, especially since their target was a cultivator. Sending Whitley out would be like handing a precious treasure directly to the enemy.
Thus, Wynter decided to have Wolf trail Logan, while Whitley stayed close to Dalton.
Wynter wasn't overly concerned about Dalton making any sudden moves. In fact, Whitley was safest by Dalton's side. The Yarwood family bore the fortune of heavenly luck, protected unless some predestined calamity struck.
Anyone who tried to harm Dalton would likely be met with dire consequences, given the constant flow of regal purple aura that surrounded him. Having Whitley nearby not only concealed his presence but also allowed him to restore some of its powers.
Wynter could only hope that Whitley and Wolf wouldn't clash when they met. But... it should be fine with Dalton around.
Yet, she couldn't resist giving an extra reminder, "Finish investigating the current task thoroughly, and don't eat anything suspicious. If you meet someone who irritates you, don't lose your temper. In a few days, I'll take you out to stir up some trouble."
At the mention of "trouble", Wolf's round eyes lit up with excitement. He had been going solo for missions recently, and it had been ages since he'd gotten involved in any real action!
He nodded enthusiastically, his expression earnest and determined, as if to say, "I'll be good, and I won't lose my temper."
Wynter chuckled softly. "As for the number I just asked you to trace if the IP address disappears, lock in the last known location."
Wolf's playful face turned suddenly serious. Wynter had a knack for handling kids like him.
In recent days, the Special Unit had been tiptoeing around Wolf, fearing they might provoke him. They desperately wanted results but didn't dare rush him. Even high-ranking officials had approached with a conciliatory tone to request progress.
After all, employing someone of Wolf's age technically bordered on child labor, and no one wanted to seem unkind to a kid.
But truth be told, Wolf only listened to Wynter, refusing to pay attention to anyone else's requests. However, he did enjoy physical tasks despite his stoic expression. Wolf rarely showed any emotion, making it hard to believe he was still just a kid.
Without Wynter, Wolf might never have been recruited in the first place.
In reality, these people just didn't know the right way to handle him. They assumed every hacker, especially one as brilliant as Wolf, was indifferent to money or material gain.
What they didn't know was that Wolf, when he was much younger, loved nothing more than sleeping atop piles of gold.
If one needed a method to handle him, they could just learn from Dalton. He barely spoke a word and only scanned Wolf's code when needed.
Wynter had already received enough feedback to trust Wolf with investigating this matter. Unlike Club Solstice's temporary shutdown, where time could be somewhat flexible, saving people from a situation like this required urgency.
According to Eliana, she wasn't the first, nor would she be the last.
Just three days ago, the school had sent off several others students from the same cohort as Eliana. She was supposed to be among them, but Anson had fallen ill, and an unsettling feeling held her back from accepting the offer. That instinct was what led to the situation today.
As Wynter listened quietly, a rough outline of the scheme began to form in her mind.
Penelope was most likely in dire straits, possibly beyond saving. Or perhaps, she was entirely cut off from the
outside world. Otherwise, it was hard to believe she wouldn't have contacted her family in such a long time. Wynter suspected that the operation went beyond just this school or even Hawford.
###chapter1568
Chapter 1568 The Odd Interview
Wynter needed to figure out who the "buyers" were. Missing just one would mean another student sold off.
"Do these classmates of yours share anything in common besides their family background?" Wynter asked. Eliana shook her head, but after a moment, she added, "Everyone has really good grades, so no one thought there was anything wrong with being selected for the scholarship."
Good grades? Wynter took note of that before scrolling through Penelope's social media. Even without being friends on the platform, hacking into it was simple for Wynter.
Through Penelope's post, Wynter could tell she was a cheerful, optimistic girl who wouldn't post anything negative. However, one post stood out. Wynter had to scroll back to read it again.
Despite the upbeat post, accompanied by a picture of a cup of milk tea, the caption read, "About to start a new chapter! All hard work will be paid off. The interview was a bit odd, but no big deal! Let's go!"
Wynter's finger hovered over the word "interview". "Do the chosen students have to go through an interview?" "I think so," Eliana replied, holding her cup and seeming to recall the details. "Back then, Penelope prepared for the interview for a long time. She practiced foreign languages every day, hoping it would come in handy when she went abroad."
Wynter's eyes darkened slightly. "Was the interview held at your school?"
"No." Eliana immediately shook her head. "It was somewhere else. The students who didn't pass the interview were sent back, but I heard they got direct entry into universities and stopped attending classes."
Wynter's lips curled into a smile, though there was no warmth in it. "That must be quite an irresistible offer for the students."
No student who had worked hard for their education would pass up such an opportunity. Whoever was orchestrating this knew exactly how to exploit their desires.
"That's why everyone was so excited when they were selected. Penelope was so thrilled she didn't sleep that night.
Then, Eliana remembered something and quickly added, "But there was something strange. After the interview, Penelope was more than just overjoyed. There was something else."
Eliana pointed to the milk tea picture. "Oh, and this photo was taken near the interview location. She even called me after the interview, but I missed the call.
"When I called her back, she said it was nothing and she was just overthinking about some things. She said she was rewarding herself with milk tea and even bought me one."
Eliana and Penelope were different from many of their classmates. Most others indulged in Starbucks, while Eliana had never even stepped into Starbucks, despite there being one close to their school.
For her and Penelope, even milk tea was a rare treat-something sweet to enjoy.
Whether they were celebrating or comforting themselves, they would buy one for each other. They bought it with their scholarship money, a small indulgence they allowed themselves every now and then.
Eliana had often been looked down on by her classmates, who mocked her for never having had Starbucks, calling her a country bumpkin.
But she never argued back. After all, it was true she wasn't from Hawford, and she admitted that spending over five dollars on a cup of coffee felt expensive.
Her grandparents would have to collect bottles for a long time just to afford one. Eliana didn't want to spend money on something so unnecessary and didn't see it as something shameful.
She believed that working hard was what mattered. Plus, knowing that Penelope felt the same way was enough for
her.
But that day, Penelope did seem a bit odd. Eliana recounted everything she knew to Wynter, "That day when I met up with her, she suddenly told me that some people spend over 15 dollars on just a bottle of water but still aren't satisfied."
###chapter1569

Chapter 1569 Lucas and Wynter's Teamwork
Eliana lifted her gaze and continued, "I have no idea what that means. Penelope never said things like that."
Wynter zoomed in on the picture, believing she could identify the location by the milkshake store sign and the surrounding buildings' colors. She then sent the picture to Wolf to narrow down the exact location.
Since Eliana mentioned that the interview felt odd, Wynter decided to check it out herself. She had wondered what might provoke an innocent girl into a sudden moment of clarity.
"Do you know exactly who the alumni you mentioned are?" Wynter questioned carefully.
If she could find the name list, she might discover the connections between the students. From there, she would uncover the buyers' motives behind their purchases. Such dealings would carry significant risks, and Wynter suspected that it involved much more than acquiring a girl's body.
Having learned from the club incident, she now carried out her investigations thoroughly before taking any action. Otherwise, she would risk alerting her adversaries. Their tactics were far more insidious than she had anticipated, testing the very limits of human virtue.
For instance, they might bribe the parents to cease the investigation, bringing certain inquiries to a halt.
Wynter couldn't care less about other issues, but she was deeply concerned for the abducted students' safety. That was why she took more precautions than ever before, such as tailing the minivan just now.
After meeting Eliana, Wynter instructed Lucas to refrain from pursuing the minivan. Instead, he was told to record its license plate and trace its last stop through the system.
Typically, no one would dare to issue orders to a big shot. In fact, the newly appointed Lucas outranked the provincial officials and was even accompanied by about ten subordinates. Those receiving him greeted him with deep respect, underscoring his esteemned status.
Compared to his first appearance in Southdale, Lucas was now a changed man. With his backers' support, he quickly climbed the ranks. Even so, his transfer was anything but normal.
Lucas had earned his position not only by resolving several major cases but also by generating significant economic income wherever he went. He excelled in urban development and gained the citizens' admiration.
While Wynter had also played a role in such successes, Lucas stood out as a remarkable individual in his own right. Upon receiving the message from the Special Unit, he confirmed that it was sent by Wynter.
Immediately, he ordered his men to hold their positions and carry out the investigation
discreetly. On the other hand, Wynter would conduct hers out in the open. Instead of looking into the laboratory school, he would investigate the minivan's drivers.
It was unexpected to see the incredible teamwork between Lucas and Wynter.
Eliana shook her head in response to Wynter's question, revealing her limited knowledge of the case. "I didn't attend the interview. Only those who did would know the details. However, Mr. Valencia has a full list of names since he's in charge."
Wynter considered restraining Gideon, but the time had yet to come. If he were taken into custody, the mastermind could be alarmed and sever their ties, as seen in past incidents. If that were the case, Wynter might end up losing all the leads she had.
For now, Gideon needed to be retained and placed in a prominent position.
###chapter1570

Chapter 1570 Gideon's Failed Promotion
Wynter turned to Eliana and instructed, "Don't mention the incident to Mr. Valencia. Try to act normal when you return. If he asks you about it, tell him you're still considering it. Express your fear, but also subtly hint at your desire to go aboard while emphasizing you're not ready yet.
"Also, don't tell anyone about our conversation. I've added your number to my contacts. If you notice anything unusual, message me right away. I'll have someone to protect you and your family around the clock, so there's no need to worry."
Wynter rose from her seat and continued, "Come on, I'll give you a ride back to school. I'm sure those guys will be calling Mr. Valencia soon."
Eliana stared at her. Upon recalling the men's respectful demeanor toward Wynter, she hesitated and asked, "You'll save Penelope, won't you, miss?"
At that point, Eliana had realized the gravity of her situation. The men clearly didn't work for a legitimate company. Their claims of sending students abroad for further studies were nothing but lies. Penelope might be in serious danger.
As the thought sank in, tears started welling in Eliana's eyes. "I'll do whatever you say. Let's take them down together. I'm not afraid of anything as long as I can save everyone!"
Wynter was stunned by Eliana's declaration as she picked up her helmet. She then turned to Eliana with a smile. "I'll inform you when the time comes, you sweet girl."
She called to her with such tenderness that Eliana felt a surge of courage she had never felt before. Aside from Penelope, she had never received such kind words from anyone her age.
Though Wynter seemed older, they were still relatively close in age. Yet, there was something about Wynter that made Eliana feel she could rely on her completely. It was as if Wynter could shoulder the world when it came crashing down.
Sitting at the back of the motorcycle, Eliana felt a newfound strength. Anyone else would've struggled to regain their composure after experiencing such a traumatic event. But with Wynter by her side, Eliana knew she could no longer remain silent.
The situation at Mindcrest High School had gone as Wynter expected. Gideon, who was eagerly waiting for his gains, wore a stiff smile upon receiving a call.
Colby didn't have time to share all the details, as he needed to report back to the higher-ups. He simply relayed, "Eliana Linden was stopped from leaving. You're settling this yourself. The higher-ups have specifically asked for that girl, so try to send her over once more.
"Don't speak too much and just observe her. Make sure she doesn't spill anything. More importantly, keep an eye out for anyone trailing her. They might intend to investigate your school."
Gideon's face instantly drained of color. Nothing terrified him more than the likelihood of the school being investigated. Having finally secured his position, he couldn't afford any blunder.
After all, the higher-ups had promised Gideon a promotion if he completed his tasks perfectly. If he succeeded, he would be given a position in the Department of Education.
###chapter1571

Chapter 1571 Gideon's Evil Scheme
Gideon had invested so much effort in his career, refusing to settle for a humble teacher. While most educators aspired to become principals, his ambition stretched further.
Gideon hadn't chosen the path of an educator to shape the younger generation. To him, it was merely a job.
Gideon believed that only a fool would choose education over the easy route to wealth. While some educators might find success in rural areas, opportunities in big cities were far more limited.
It wasn't that Gideon looked down on the students. Rather, he understood their circumstances all too well. The minimum grades required for admission to local institutions varied significantly for students possessing city identification cards compared to those without.
Besides, students from wealthy families had little reason to work hard. After all, they were set on a path to study abroad. It didn't matter if they failed the examinations as they could always pay for a certificate from overseas.
With enough money, anything was possible. That was the harsh reality of the world.
To pave a brighter path for his son, Gideon needed to secure a position within the Department of Education. Ironically, the school's principal had little faith in the value of education. Though he was an educator, he cared little for the very system he was part of. Yet, that was simply how the world worked. Compared to individuals online earning thousands per month, many children struggled to escape their environments for better opportunities. With people trapped in echo chambers, they might not be open to the truth. Typically, parents with a narrow outlook provided limited opportunities for their children. For instance, parents with a broader understanding would begin preparing their children for admission to institutions and selecting majors as early as high school.
On the other hand, those lacking insight often left their children to navigate alone, sometimes leading them to poor choices.
Even with the same grades, a student's future could be drastically affected by the institution they attended. While some worked tirelessly for a better life, others indulged in luxuries. Neither lifestyle was inherently wrong, but each shaped the children's destinies.
Yet, through education, some broke free of the constraints-Eliana and Penelope were prime examples. Instead of making empty boasts, they had been genuinely striving to change their lives. For that reason, Wynter was determined not to let their hopes dashed. Both the mastermind and Gideon assumed that someone would come to investigate the school. Their suspicions proved correct, though the investigator wasn't Lucas as they had expected.
Instead, Wynter pulled up to the school gate in her sleek black BMW Tomahawk, appearing rather dashing.
The way her slender legs held up the superbike and her graceful motion in removing her helmet caught the attention of the students, many of whom stared in admiration.
"Who's that? She's so cool!" someone exclaimed.
"No idea, but isn't that Eliana Linden from the top class behind her?" another questioned. "Hey, you're right! I heard she's been chosen as an exchange student. Why is she back? Has she forgotten something?" one wondered aloud.
"Is Eliana one of the exchange students? I'm so jealous!" someone exclaimed.
As Gideon stepped outside, he overheard the students' chatter. Keeping up his gentle facade in front of them, he turned to Wynter and advised, "You can't park your bike here, young lady. It's not good for the school's image."
"That's our principal, Mr. Gideon Valencia," Eliana whispered nervously to Wynter, fearing that her return might lead to her expulsion.
Wynter glanced at Gideon, who met her gaze. During their brief call earlier, Colby hadn't had the chance to mention who had taken Eliana away.
So, Gideon assumed Wynter was just one of Eliana's acquaintances and internally regarded her with disdain.
###chapter1572

Chapter 1572 Confronting Gideon
In particular, Wynter regarded Gideon with a gaze that seemed to pierce through his facade, which only irritated him further.
With a feigned look of concern, he stepped closer to Eliana and advised, "I've heard about your situation, Ms. Linden. You can take your time to consider, but can you please ask your friend to move her bike? The school isn't a place for some random gangsters to just stroll in.
Just as Eliana was about to refute, Wynter moved to her front with a soft chuckle. "So, are you Mr. Valencia, the principal?"
Before arriving at Mindcrest High School, Wynter had skimmed through Gideon's background. She noted that he rose through the ranks with an impressive portfolio, seemingly devoid of academic fraud.
However, Wolf always had a knack for uncovering what others couldn't. It turned out that Gideon prioritized his son above or else. More importantly, the child was born to another woman.
At Wynter's question, Gideon gave an affirmative nod.
Wynter smiled brighter and continued, "No wonder you looked familiar. I've seen you around. Your son is starting middle school this year, isn't he? Are you planning to send him abroad along with your mistress?"
Gideon was completely stunned before his face flushed red. As it was the after-school rush, many parents were waiting to pick up their children. At that moment, they sensed a juicy piece of gossip and turned their attention toward Gideon.
"I thought Mr. Valencia only has a daughter, and she's already in college! Where did he find a son?" one parent questioned curiously.
"Didn't you hear? He has a mistress," came the reply.
The scandal spread like wildfire among the parents, who watched the scene unfold with amusement.
Upon regaining his composure, Gideon pointed a shaky finger to Wynter and rebuked, " Nonsense! I have no son! Have you mistaken me for someone else?"
"Really? That can't be right. We're all adults here, Mr. Valencia. It's not like it's a secret, so there's no need to hide.
"But I understand your concern as an educator. After all, it won't look good for your reputation if people find out you have an illegitimate child," Wynter replied nonchalantly.
Her words struck a nerve with Gideon. When someone in the crowd started recording, Gideon lowered his finger to preserve his image.
"You've had a proper education, Ms. Linden. Surely, you understand that slandering someone is morally wrong. Your friend is still young, so I won't hold her responsible.
"I don't mind if my reputation takes a hit. I understand that some might doubt my integrity, especially since I've devoted my whole life to education. But you're different, Ms. Linden. How could you let her interfere in your life like this?"
Gideon pressed on indignantly, "You were going to compete for the scholarship, yet she stopped you. What if the money's gone? It's too late for regrets once you lose your spot in the exchange program.
"That's something every student dreams of, but you chose to listen to your friend here and wasted the golden opportunity. I have nothing more to say. All the teachers and students here are rooting for someone's success, you know?"
It seemed that educators had a way with words. Not only was Gideon adept at taking the moral high ground, but his speech also struck a chord with both students and parents alike.
They were convinced that participating in the exchange program and securing a scholarship was akin to having the school fund their tuition abroad. They couldn't understand why Eliana would heed Wynter's advice and give up on such a rare chance.
###chapter1573

Chapter 1573 Gideon's Despair
The crowd gazed at Wynter with a look of condemnation. Their expressions suggested that they believed Eliana was far from innocent.
"What a fool. Giving up on such a rare opportunity." Someone scoffed.
"Maybe she's just clueless. You know she comes from a poor family." Another snickered.
Wynter stood there, listening to the harsh whispers around with a cold glint in her eyes. Maintaining her expression, she gave a soft chuckle.
"Well played, Mr. Valencia. With just a few clever words, you distract the crowd from your misconduct. No need to be anxious. I've prepared a large gift for you."
Wynter looked at the time and added, "They should be arriving soon. Oh, right, I forgot to introduce myself. I'm from the Quinnell family."
"I have no interest in knowing your name." Gideon snorted disdainfully. Consumed by rage, he had completely forgotten about the recent turmoil in Hawford.
Wynter hummed as she hung her helmet on the superbike. "I thought you'd keep an eye on Mr. Kenton, considering your close ties. It seems like I've been mistaken."
Gideon instinctively distanced himself from Kenton. "I gave you a chance, young lady, but you refuse to cease your slander. As educators, we are not acquainted with those businessmen!
"I don't have time to listen to your nonsense. This is a school, not your home. Where are the guards? Get her to leave. She's blocking the students from going home!"
The crowd was convinced by Gideon's righteous demeanor. On top of that, they saw Eliana's return from her trip to the exchange program as a squandered opportunity, leaving them unable to empathize with her.
Eliana had never intended to drag Wynter into her troubles. Knowing that the security guards were armed with stun batons, she persuaded Wynter to leave the scene.
But Wynter remained still, fiddling with the lucky tokens hung around her waist. Her gaze drifted into the distance, and she suddenly showed a smirk. "Look, here they are."
Before Gideon could react, he was hugged around the waist by a child. The child exclaimed, " You really bought it for me, Dad! I'm so happy! You really are the best!"
Gideon froze at the affectionate form of address. Turning around, he saw his young and beautiful wife gently beaming at him. She asked, "Why didn't you tell us sooner if you were planning a surprise, darling?"
Gideon was utterly stunned. He adjusted his glasses and attempted to refute, but Wynter beat him to it. "Is this your wife, Mr. Valencia? She looks so young."
Obviously, that woman wasn't Gideon's wife. His wife worked as an educator as well, a fact that several parents knew about. At that moment, the relentless gossip drowned out the passing cars' blaring horns.
Humans had an innate curiosity for juicy gossip. While most students typically rushed home at that hour, none had left the gate. Instead, they remained unfazed by the traffic as they watched the drama unfold with interest.
"Oh my god, Mr. Valencia really does have a son! Did you hear what that woman called him? She actually called him her darling!" someone exclaimed.
"Given her looks, she's probably about 20 years younger than Mr. Valencia. I never expected him to be that kind of person," another added.
To both students and parents, Gideon had always appeared to be a humble educator. On top of that, he often showed respect for his wife in public. It was those qualities that partly encouraged the parents to enroll their children in Mindcrest High School.
But after witnessing Gideon's true colors, the parents started to question the school's integrity.
###chapter1574

Chapter 1574 It's Over for Him
The parents exchanged glances, with some even frowning in disapproval. Gideon couldn't fathom why his young wife, Abigail Mueller, had shown up. Her presence was a looming threat to his career.
Gideon toned down his voice so only Abigail could hear. "What are you doing here? Go back immediately!" he urged.
He then straightened up and stated loudly, "You're mistaken, madam. Please take your child away."
Clad in elegance, Abigail quickly realized there had been a misunderstanding. Normally, she would never make an appearance in front of a crowd of parents.
Gideon had warned her not to jeopardize his career if she wanted a better life. But he was the one who had messaged her, asking her to come with their son, Tommy Valencia!
Still, Abigail was sharp-witted. Upon realizing that something was amiss, she yanked Tommy's hand away from Gideon and attempted to leave.
Despite being in eighth grade, Tommy had been a spoiled child. He refused to leave without getting what he wanted. "Why are you pretending to be a stranger, Dad? Is it because of that old hag? Didn't you promise to divorce her soon?"
The murmurs in the crowd grew louder. Deeply embarrassed by Tommy's outburst, Gideon gave him a hard slap in the moment of panic. The sharp sound echoed in the air.
Gideon's desperate attempt to assert his innocence only fueled Tommy's outrage. "You hit me! Mom, Dad actually hit me! But I said nothing wrong!"
Gideon felt his face flush from embarrassment, realizing it was pointless to justify himself. Never in his wildest dream did he expect Tommy to act so foolish. This child wasn't like him at all!
Gideon's anguished gaze locked with Wynter's casual one. Throughout the farce, she leaned against her BMW Tomahawk with her arms crossed. She stood tall and imposing, though her striking beauty felt out of place in the unfolding drama.
It was clear that Wynter was behind all of this. After discovering Gideon's affair, she asked Wolf to send Abigail a message using Gideon's second WhatsApp number. The message was crafted to tug at Abigail's and Tommy's heartstrings.
Tommy had been craving a new phone, while Abigail sought to take the throne of Gideon's legitimate wife, Natalia Zaretsky. It was no surprise they had frequently challenged Natalia online.
According to Wynter's investigation, Abigail had once been Natalia's student when she worked as a home tutor.
The two hailed from the same town, and Abigail would never have settled in Hawford if it
weren't for Natalia. Yet, Abigail repaid the kindness by ruining Natalia's family.
In such situations, Wynter was determined to hold those in the wrong accountable.
Since Abigail tried to challenge Natalia while remaining anonymous, Wynter ensured she would have to reveal herself in public. As for Gideon, who boasted of virtue and integrity, Wynter would expose the truth behind his facade.
Gideon wished to put an end to the farce quickly, hoping for a chance at redemption. Before he could utter a word, a cold voice cut through the crowd. "So, you're the one who sent me those pictures."
It was Natalia, striding over with a handbag in hand. "I took care of you when you first arrived at Hawford. I treated you like my own daughter and protected you because you were my student.
"But now, it seems I've been a fool to show kindness to an ingrate. And I was blind to choose such a man as my husband."
Gideon's face paled instantly. At that point, all he could think about was that he was doomed.
###chapter1575

Chapter 1575 Divorce
Natalia's arrival only solidified Gideon's misconduct, shattering his image as a humble educator. Nothing could be more convincing than having his legitimate wife publicly testify against him.
The situation escalated further due to Natalia's presence. All the parents had been eagerly snapping photos or recording the scene. What started as mere Instagram posts quickly spiraled into a widespread online spectacle.
Abigail tried to shield her humiliated face as Gideon bellowed at the parents. He pleaded with the parents to stop taking photos, insisting it was a private family matter that had been misunderstood.
Unfortunately, the crowd paid no heed to his pleas. People were naturally drawn to juicy gossip. At that point, no one believed it was simply a misunderstanding.
That said, Natalia hadn't shown up by chance. It turned out Abigail wasn't the only one who had received the message.
Wynter was well aware of Natalia's circumstances, recognizing her as a dedicated teacher. Wynter believed there was no reason for Natalia to be ridiculed.
On the other hand, Natalia had realized someone was aiding her. Her gaze inadvertently fell onto Wynter, who stood dashingly beside her superbike. She took a moment to study Wynter before taking a deep breath.
In truth, Natalia had only recently discovered Gideon's unusualness. For years, she had devoted herself to teaching and hoped that the students could achieve excellent results, particularly those who relied on education to thrive. That compassion had extended to Abigail.
However, Natalia never imagined Abigail to be the one ruining her family. She had been receiving provocative messages for some time and could no longer tolerate it—she was ready to confront Gideon.
An hour ago, Natalia received a message claiming to have evidence of Gideon's misconduct. The sender even offered to help her uncover the homewrecker. After much thought, she decided to follow her heart and came to the scene after school.
The last message she received read, "Don't you want to see the cheater's and homewrecker's downfall, Ms. Zaretsky?"
Throughout the years, Gideon had never stopped belittling her. In truth, they were once rivals during the evaluation for the best teacher. However, she now learned that Gideon won through underhanded means.
Despite being the school principal, Gideon constantly undermined Natalia. He rebuked her for focusing on poor students, unable to understand why she cared about those without influence or status.
He belittled her knowledge, insisting she knew little beyond teaching math. He even scorned her for not dressing up and socializing, treating her as an embarrassment.
Although Natalia was wounded by Gideon's betrayal, she couldn't afford to have a breakdown as she was responsible for the senior students. Still, she couldn't shake the distress at night. Her hair even began to fall out as Abigail continued to send her provocative messages.
When Natalia finally saw the sources of her anguish confronted and surrounded, she felt a wave of satisfaction.
Those two should've faced the condemnation long ago, yet no one believed that Gideon would cheat on her. After all, she had a family that everyone envied.
Gideon had always portrayed himself as gentle and humble. In contrast, Natalia often came across as short-tempered and frequently lashed out at him.
Amidst the chaos, Natalia finally realized there were no bounds to Gideon's maliciousness. She felt no need for hesitation. "Let's head to the courthouse tomorrow, Gideon. It's time for a divorce."
Although Giden had sensed something was off with Natalia lately, he merely gave her the cold shoulder.
He secretly hoped that she would initiate the discussion about the divorce. In truth, he held her in contempt for her inability to advance his career and for not bearing him a son.
###chapter1576

Chapter 1576 The Best Teacher
Gideon never imagined facing a divorce under such circumstances. Taking a step forward, he grabbed Natalia's hand and attempted to explain.
At that moment, Tommy shouted fiercely, "You should've divorced my dad a long time ago! You have no idea how much my parents love each other. The only reason an old hag like you holds onto him is because he's the principal!"
His words stirred up a flurry of discussions among the crowd.
"Children tend to imitate what they hear from adults. I reckon this is what his family teaches him. How shocking!" someone chided.
"What kind of values do you expect a homewrecker to instill in her child?" Another snickered.
Puzzled by the surrounding criticisms of his parents, Tommy refuted indignantly, "The one spurned is the loser in a relationship! That old hag isn't even as pretty as my mom! She looks older than my dad! What right does she have to hold onto him?"
The crowd was utterly confounded by his response. As Eliana held Natalia's hand, she had never imagined the life of their favorite teacher would take such a turn.
More students began to gather, especially the seniors. While they had come to witness the drama, they overheard Tommy's insults toward Natalia, their homeroom teacher.
A few male students couldn't help retorting, "Did your mom never teach you to respect your teachers? Or was it your dad who failed to show you how?"
As they spoke, the students stepped protectively in front of Natalia. They knew which teacher had truly cared for them and taught with sincerity.
Natalia had poured her heart into teaching math, hoping to help the students score well on the examination next summer. Her hard work had taken a toll on her appearance, making her seem more haggard than her peers.
Because of that, the students never expected her looks to be subjected to such derisions.
When Tommy saw the athletic students rally before him, he felt a sense of fear. "Can't you keep them in line, Dad?"
But Gideon only wished to bury himself in the ground, as the one he needed to rein the most was Tommy.
The male students didn't hesitate to challenge Tommy. "Yeah, tell your dad to handle us! I can't stand homewreckers. Let's see what excuse your dad has for keeping us in check!"
Gideon was too embarrassed to intervene. To make matters worse, there was no way to escape the crowd.
With no other choice, he turned to Natalia and started pleading, "Please hear me out, honey. I never wanted a divorce. That woman seduced me!"
He explained, pointing a furious finger at Abigail. "I never expected a drunken mistake to lead to this. She even hid her pregnancy! When I realized I'd been tricked, it was all too late.
"But the child is innocent, so I can't just abandon him. I never imagined she would raise him like this. He's just like his mother—a despicable wretch!"
Gideon had never spewed such unpleasant curses to maintain his image. Yet, he could no longer care about how he sounded in a desperate attempt to save himself.
After being slapped and rebuked, Tommy could hardly recognize Gideon as his father. "You weren't like this, Dad! This isn't you!"
"Shut your mouth!" Gideon roared, nearly losing his mind as his eyes filled with anxious rage.
Despite Abigail's attempts to silence Tommy, she failed to stop his outburst. Tommy only wailed louder in defiance.
###chapter1577

Chapter 1577 No Forgiveness for Cheaters
Abigail was bewildered when she first arrived at the scene. For years, she had always maintained the upper hand. She was confident that the old and ugly Natalia stood no chance against her and would soon surrender her place as Gideon's wife.
Knowing Natalia's notorious temper, Abigail had planned to provoke her into a fallout. She intended to paint Natalia as an incompetent wife who failed to keep her husband in line and as a grouchy woman lacking an educator's qualities.
Wynter was aware that Abigail's harassment had pushed Natalia into emotional turbulence. That was why Wynter chose to confront the issue in such a way.
Women often faced greater challenges than men. If a woman had expressed her pain over a failed marriage, people would judge her as unstable. They would even mock her attempts to confront the homewrecker, claiming such actions were pointless and humiliating.
How ridiculous. Why should a woman pardon her cheating husband and the homewrecker? It was only fair to confront the homewrecker for her indecency.
Unfortunately, public opinion was skewed and filled with absurd remarks. The most classic saying criticized women for clinging to their partners after the love had faded, mocking the women's incompetence to keep their partners.
In the eyes of many, the one spurned was the loser in the relationship. Agreeing with the saying, Abigail intended to taunt Natalia and turn her into a figure of ridicule.
A closer look at society revealed that the public often overlooked those involved in adultery. Meanwhile, the woman was expected to move on with her life by friends and family. If she struggled to find happiness over time, she would be blamed for her perceived failure.
Wynter was determined to save Natalia from such injustice. Natalia had proven herself as a dedicated educator and deserved to be honored for her efforts!
"I understand your worries, Mr. Valencia, but there's no need to be anxious. I'd like to have a chat with Ms. Zaretsky," Wynter said as she took a step forward, though her words were infuriating as ever.
Upon hearing Wynter address her by her maiden name, Natalia looked up and met Wynter's gaze. In that fleeting moment, an unspoken understanding passed between the two. Natalia took Wynter's hand, her voice trembling as she expressed her gratitude.
Wynter chuckled softly. "This is just the beginning, Ms. Zaretsky. I understand you're usually busy with classes, but the divorce mustn't be taken lightly.
"Under certain circumstances, you have the legal right to demand that the guilty party leave the marriage without splitting any assets. As for the adultress, you can seek compensation for the loss of marital property from her.
"My family has a strong legal team, and my brother specializes in divorce property division.
He recently won a case for my uncle. I'm sure you've heard about the situation with Noah Whitman."
The crowd instantly fell silent at the mention of Noah. Everyone in Hawford knew about the tumultuous divorce between the Whitman and Montclair families. The incident had hit the headlines multiple times, along with the Montclairs' outrageous antics.
The crowd was thinking how unfortunate Noah was to have to experience such turmoil, but then they focused on the fact that Wynter referred to him as her uncle.
"Oh my god, you're Wynter Quinnell! The one who acquired that lucrative land!" Someone gasped.
"Is she the one who helped the local canneries get back on their feet? She doesn't seem like the type for business! So beautiful and charming! You're amazing, Ms. Quinnell!" another chimed in.
The students erupted into excited chatter, all faces lighting up with smiles.
Wynter hadn't expected such a response. She had purposely revealed her identity to unsettle Gideon, hoping that he would then reach out to his superior. Of course, she also intended to throw Abigail off balance.
###chapter1578

Chapter 1578 The Approaching Danger
In his moment of fluster, Gideon had completely missed Wynter's name. When he finally pieced it together, his face turned pale as his lips quivered. It dawned on him that Wynter was part of the Quinnell family from Kingbourne.
He attempted to explain but quickly realized that it would be futile. Meanwhile, Abigail was gripped by fear at Wynter's mention of seeking compensation for the marital property.
Instinctively, she turned to Gideon and asked, "She's lying, isn't she, Gideon?"
All Gideon could feel was despair. Drenched in a cold sweat, he could hardly foresee the disaster that befell him.
A shrewd woman, Abigail quickly recognized whom to approach for help in her predicament. She grabbed Natalia's hand and pleaded, "I never intended for any of this, Ms. Zaretsky. Do you truly believe that I seduced that man? I-I just didn't know what to do.
"You provided me with financial support and helped me settle in Hawford. That's why I didn't tell you about the harm he did to me..."
"You bitch! You were the one who seduced me!" Gideon roared, feeling his heart ache with anger.
With an aggrieved expression, Abigail sobbed. "I was too young to realize my mistake, Ms. Zaretsky. I didn't know how to deal with the harassment, nor did I have a choice..."
Natalia gazed at her coolly. As a math teacher, she possessed strong logical reasoning. "You sent me those provocative messages, so you'd better drop the act.
"For youngsters without influential backgrounds, receiving an education is a difficult endeavor, especially for female students. Indeed, they may face all kinds of harassment before they're equipped to protect themselves.
"Every word spewed by someone like you only ruins their chances of seeking help in the future. One's innocence is no trivial matter. Both you and Gideon are nothing but trash."
Glancing at Wynter, Natalia continued, "I'll take Ms. Quinnell's advice and seek compensation for marital property. I won't let you or Gideon get away easily. Since you desire to become his wife, you can take the position after paying your debts. I'm done with this marriage."
The crowd cheered in support of Natalia's decision, a stark contrast to their earlier amusements at the farce. The young students carried their own sense of righteousness. They stood by their teacher's side and were determined to uphold what was right.
The incident quickly went viral on the internet, topping the trending search lists.
Gideon barely had time to worry about his consequences before receiving a call from the Department of Education, requesting his immediate presence. Obviously, any dreams he had for promotion were now shattered.
Not only had Gideon lost his chance for promotion, but he might also face the risk of losing his position as the principal-unless his superior decided to intervene.
Meanwhile, Tommy and Abigail were under constant scrutiny. At that point, the public had learned of Abigail's misdeeds and the disrespectful comments made by Tommy.
Wynter, the hero of the day, donned her helmet and glanced at Eliana. "Now, you don't have to worry about expulsion. I'd like to see who'll save him from this mess."
Eliana nodded excitedly as her eyes shone with admiration for Wynter. Natalia, on the other hand, felt such immense gratitude that left her almost speechless.
Little did Wynter know that her sudden entrance and dashing departure had cast her as a savior in many women's eyes. However, her interventions had also completely infuriated a powerful figure in the province.
"She should've never interfered with the scholarship committee. It's time to teach her a lesson!" he ordered.
###chapter1579

Chapter 1579 Take Wynter Away
Fredric was truly angry this time, especially when he heard that Eliana had been taken by Wynter.
He didn't hold back, directly ordering his subordinates to take action against her. It was clear that he had made up his mind to deal with her.
He was also under pressure. The phone call he received was stern, and he could sense the displeasure on the other end.
The caller sighed deeply and said, "When progress stalls, perhaps the methods are at fault.
"You need to consider the actual situation and find a way to talk to the other party, especially when it concerns young people's education. This isn't something that can be handled by any ordinary grassroots effort."
"Yes, you're right. I'll pay attention to these matters." Fredric's tone showed that the person on the other end was not someone to take lightly.
"I have several meetings here and won't be back this week. The issue at Mindcrest High School is having a terrible impact. I expect to see results by Monday." This statement indicated the problem's severity.
Fredric assured, "When you return, the public outcry will have calmed."
After hanging up, he reviewed the reports from his subordinates.
He hadn't expected trouble to come from Gideon's side. For the past two years, Mindcrest High School had been their most discreet and important operation within the "scholarship committee". It wasn't something that should have drawn attention.
Frowning, Fredric turned his gaze to a photo of Wynter.
"Was she really just coincidentally picking someone up?" Having reached this position, he was inherently alert to many matters. "Does she have anything to do with what happened to Gideon?"
His men weren't at the scene, but one of them responded with his head lowered, "She shouldn't be involved. Online reports say that Gideon's trouble was just bad luck. The woman he kept outside tried to provoke his wife by showing up at the school gate with their child, but it backfired."
"Is it really that coincidental?" Fredric was skeptical. "Is no one investigating the school? What about the exchange students? Has anyone looked into them?"
Fredric was clever. He knew that if something were to be uncovered, it would start with details like this.
If the issues he suspected were real, it would mean that the scholarship committee was no longer safe, and that would spell big trouble for him.
"No." His subordinate shook his head confidently. "Everyone is talking about Gideon, saying he doesn't deserve to be a scholar or an educator. People are reporting him to the education authorities, demanding he be removed as principal."
If Gideon were just an ordinary principal, Fredric wouldn't care to protect him. But the problem was that Gideon had too much information tied to the scholarship committee, and Eliana hadn't been delivered yet.
Someone still needed to clean up the mess. The key issue now was how to silence Gideon for a while.
Fredric stood up and glanced at the man behind him.
The man appeared to be an ordinary driver, but it was clear he was trained. He nodded and left without a word, which was chilling. Making someone disappear naturally was the
hardest thing to do, but they excelled at it.
Meanwhile, the public outrage wasn't much of a problem for Fredric. When the public wanted accountability, he could easily give them what they wanted.
The Department of Education quickly issued a statement, announcing Gideon's dismissal as principal and bestowing honors that were long overdue to Natalia.
This move helped ease the anger of many. Their interest in Mindcrest High School began to fade as well.
After all, these kinds of incidents were common online, and most people eventually moved on, leaving the issues unresolved. Investigations rarely went deep-no one wanted to unearth something too messy to manage.
Wynter, however, was guarding against exactly this tactic. In addition to the authorities, she had also arranged for the newly appointed Secretary-General, Lucas, to get involved with Gideon's case.
Fredric had hoped to quietly bury the matter, but now it had already escalated. As the new appointee, it was only logical for Lucas to take an interest in such a case.
At a meeting, one of the officials tried to cover things up. "Mr. Keller, this is a minor issue. There's no need for you to worry. The others will handle it. You've had a long trip, so why don't we-"
"Mr. Dooley!" Lucas was visibly displeased as he interrupted Crosby Dooley. "How can matters of education be considered minor? It seems none of you care about public opinion online.
"If a principal can't even maintain his own personal conduct, which parent would feel safe sending their child to that school? I will not only hold Gideon accountable, but I will personally visit the school and ask the students myself if there are any other issues!"
As a newly appointed official, Lucas was ready to make his mark. After all, it was under his leadership that a major human trafficking case had been resolved, bringing order to
Southdale and boosting the local economy.
He wasn't someone who could be fooled with empty talk. The officials were sweating profusely when faced with this young leader.
Lucas cast a cold smile at them. "If this hadn't come to light online, would this man have been sitting among you in a month? You were all ready to promote someone like him.
"Mr. Dooley, why don't you explain your reasoning for writing his recommendation letter? Let's hear how you viewed Gideon as worthy."
Crosby's hands were trembling, and he could hardly speak. "I... I didn't know about his personal conduct, Mr. Keller. I thought he..."
He trailed off as he shook, and his legs were barely holding him up.
Gideon's resume now seemed almost comical-best principal, best teacher, and a slew of honors. He was even praised for being humble and dedicated to education in the
recommendation letter.
Lucas tapped the letter. "Is this what you call humble and dedicated? I think we need not just reforms but major reforms. I will visit Mindcrest High School personally."
The officials exchanged nervous glances.
"Yes, of course. Mr. Dooley is confused. It's essential to investigate such a big issue thoroughly," one of them hurriedly agreed. "We must ensure the environment is conducive
to proper education."
"Yes, Mr. Keller is right. We must make significant changes. Some people inflate their achievements, and as inspectors, we need to be more diligent in verifying the truth. We need to go into the school and see firsthand what the students' current situation is."
They were just trying to save their own skins.
Crosby had become the scapegoat. He was the one who wrote the recommendation letter, and he knew Gideon, so there was no avoiding accountability.
Initially, he had been willing to take the blame. But he didn't expect Lucas to hand his case directly to the disciplinary committee.
Crosby had spent his whole life climbing the ranks, and now that he was finally in a high position, he didn't want to lose everything.
Wiping his sweat, he asked the officer escorting him out, "Could I speak privately with Mr.
Keller?"
"You'll have the chance once you've explained your issues."
Unlike Crosby, who was morally corrupt, Gideon could leave at any time before any other
issues were uncovered. It was just that he could no longer hold on to his position as the
principal.
?
Even on his way home in the neighborhood, people were watching him. He didn't expect anyone to rescue him. Now that his chances of advancement were gone, he was only thinking about his money.
But Wynter was already one step ahead of him. Under the guise of helping him with his divorce case, Sebastian had started investigating all of Gideon's income and financial transactions. Since the investigation was linked to the divorce, no one thought much of it. Fredric, however, hadn't expected the breakthrough to come from this angle.
The most frustrating news for him came when he learned that Lucas intended to personally inspect Mindcrest High School's educational environment because of Gideon's case.
It was perfectly reasonable-so reasonable that there was no way to stop it.
As a secretary, he had to accompany him. Fredric had originally wanted to avoid the meeting, so when Lucas arrived, he made an excuse to stay away.
No one would suspect that Fredric, from Riverfield, would feel uneasy around Lucas.
The human trafficking case that had shocked the nation was extremely severe, affecting the entire township and region. Taking down such a local operation was one of Lucas' achievements and also one of Fredric's deepest fears.
He couldn't imagine what it would mean for his future if his background were exposed now that he had reached his current position. So, he had to be extremely cautious when facing
Lucas.
This reassignment was initially meant for his superior, but unexpectedly, Lucas was parachuted in.
As someone who was two ranks lower than Lucas, Fredric had already masked his true feelings. He approached Lucas with feigned excitement.
"Mr. Keller, we've been eagerly awaiting your arrival! We've heard a lot about your accomplishments, and they're a great inspiration to us!"
Lucas looked at him but didn't think too much of it.
After all, Fredric had always distanced himself from such matters. He shook Lucas' hand firmly. "I rushed over immediately when I heard you're visiting the school.
"Coming from a small place myself, I believe education is paramount. We can't allow people like Gideon to remain in our schools as it negatively impacts the students."
Lucas nodded and smiled. "Mr. Monty, will you be joining me?"
"Of course." Fredric was skilled at putting on a show.
Among the crowd, he was the most natural one, appearing even more eager than Lucas to investigate these corrupt elements in the education sector.
An outsider who wasn't privy to the ins and outs remarked, "Isn't it a bit sudden to go there
today? Shouldn't we inform the school first?"
Lucas shot him a glance. "Even Mr. Monty, who's working outside, knows I'm coming. Whether we inform the school or not is irrelevant. Mr. Brady, let's head out."
Kyle Brady was the Department of Education's deputy director.
This incident had truly embarrassed them. Countless parents were writing joint complaint letters, while others mocked them. With Gideon's incident, they had to work overtime!
Fredric was rushing over now to follow along, wanting to know if anyone had noticed the scholarship committee. His sixth sense told him that Lucas going to Mindcrest High School right after arriving in Hawford was too coincidental.
However, his work experience reminded him that such a significant event occurring on a new leader's first day seemed like an unavoidable duty for anyone in leadership. The investigation would be inevitable. Nonetheless, it felt too coincidental.
Sitting in the car, Fredric pondered while gripping his hands tightly on his lap. He casually asked, "Mr. Brady, has Mr. Keller been in meetings since he arrived? Has he met anyone? I remember that Mr. Keller knows the Whitman family, right?"
"Mr. Keller? The Whitman family?" Kyle frowned. "Mr. Monty, you must be mistaken. Mr. Keller doesn't know anyone. He just got here and came across such a scandal. He only met us, and now there are results."
Fredric's previous comment was intended to test his colleagues. He was worried about the connection between Lucas and the Whitman family. There must be other purposes for today's visit to Mindcrest High School.
But with this revelation, he felt relieved. It seemed to be just a stroke of luck.
After all, although the Quinnell family and Whitman family were influential in business, they had always been lacking in connections in this realm. How could they possibly know Lucas? He was overthinking it.
Fredric raised a hand to rub his temples, feeling increasingly troubled by the recent events caused by Wynter. He realized he might have been overreacting.
The best scenario was if there were no connections at all. That would make it easier for the people below to act.
Wynter's most brilliant move was to allow Lucas to reasonably enter Mindcrest High School.
If Lucas had arrived without warning or justification, it would have inevitably aroused suspicion. Everyone would know he might be investigating the scholarship committee, the intricate relationships behind it, and the long-rooted corruption.
But now, it was different. Wynter had opened the door for him using Gideon. As the new leader, Lucas could conduct an open investigation, and who would suspect the scholarship committee?
Even a cunning person like Fredric would conclude it was merely a coincidence. After all, events do occur spontaneously. Who could predict such developments?
Fredric had never considered, nor could he imagine, that Wynter was the Special Unit's mysterious leader, known only as 001.
He signaled for his subordinates to take action. Naturally, his subordinates complied as they had also lost money in the stock market, especially Edison, who was waiting for Wynter to
fall!
These several influential families, on the brink of collapse, couldn't handle Wynter on their own, so they resorted to such underhanded tactics.
Since the problem lay in the stock market, they intended to see her suffer because of it.
After everything was arranged, Wynter returned to the Whitman residence on her BMW Tomahawk.
Reuben was laughing and about to praise Wynter when someone came in from outside, dressed in uniform. "Is Ms. Wynter Quinnell here? Please have her come out. We need to take
her with us."
###chapter1580

Chapter 1580 Taken Away
Wynter remained motionless.
Reuben, on the other hand, was already frowning. Leaning on his dragon cane, he rose from the couch. He was always protective, especially when it came to Wynter.
He couldn't understand what kind of trouble such a well-behaved child like Wynter could possibly have caused.
Reuben had been through the business world's ups and downs long enough to sense something was wrong even before the authorities spoke. This was clearly an act of retaliation -something Wynter had recently done must have affected someone's interests.
"Officers, if my granddaughter needs to go with you, that's fine. But could you tell me exactly what she's being accused of?"
His voice was low and steady. Despite a sense of unease inside, he showed no outward panic. There was no shouting, just calm reason.
"If you're taking someone into custody, you need to have your body cameras on. It seems you haven't activated them."
The two officers had known before they arrived that the Whitman family wasn't just any ordinary family. They couldn't simply take someone away without due process, especially with Reuben's background.
Although his political connections had diminished over time, he was still a highly educated man, and they didn't want to offend a powerful family-run enterprise like the Whitman family. But today, they had no choice but to take Wynter.
"Mr. Whitman Senior, I'll activate the body camera right now," one of the officers said. " We're taking Ms. Wynter in for questioning because there's been a report accusing her of intentionally manipulating the market and stock prices.
"Here's the arrest warrant. We hope you will cooperate with us, Mr. Whitman Senior."
"Market manipulation?" Reuben's face darkened. Wynter had indeed made significant profits in the stock market recently, so someone might be using this as a pretext to frame her.
Seeing that Reuben wasn't responding, one of the officers showed him the footage they had obtained.
"This is from the stock exchange, recorded a week ago. It shows Ms. Wynter together with Mr. Yarwood. They made a large cash purchase of gold shares, which gave the impression that the stock would inevitably rise."
Not only did Reuben see the footage, but so did Marie, who had rushed down from upstairs. She looked at Wynter, and her eyes were filled with worry.
Since the officers had this footage, it meant that Wynter's arrest was legal and justified. There was no way to stop it.
Even so, Marie clutched Wynter's hand tightly. "Sevie, I'll go with you. Sebastian will handle the legal case. I'll notify him right away."
Her voice trembled. It was rare for her to show such vulnerability. This time, she was truly worried.
Wynter embraced her gently and said softly, "Mom, it's okay. It's just an investigation and part of the process. As for Sebastian, tell him not to worry too much. Stay calm. This isn't necessarily a bad thing. A single video isn't enough to convict me."
At this, she even let out a small laugh. "If I were truly guilty, Dalton would have to be taken in for questioning, too. After all, we're both in the video. The Yarwood family's stock investments have always been above board, so there's nothing to fear."
Hearing Wynter's words, Marie sensed that she had some plan in mind, especially when Wynter gave her a quick, reassuring wink.
She gently caressed Wynter's face, as if holding something precious. "Don't get hurt. We will take care of everything."
"Okay," Wynter replied, feeling the purest form of motherly love. She picked up the coat that had been placed to the side. Her eyes flickered with an unreadable depth, making it impossible to tell what was going through her mind.
###chapter1581

Chapter 1581 Went in
As Wynter approached the enforcement officers, she gave a slight smirk and politely said, " Sorry for the trouble."
She extended her hands willingly, and her carefree, confident way made the officers uneasy. They couldn't shake the feeling that she was far too composed, without any of the nervousness one would expect in such a situation.
The officers weren't sure if they should report this to their superiors, but regardless, they had to follow the procedure and take her in. The handcuffs locked into place.
Wynter's expression remained unchanged. Her features were sharp and calm, as if the cuffs were just props rather than actual restraints.
From afar, Elmer lowered his binoculars. Looking down, he typed furiously on his phone, and his eyes were filled with anger.
Who dared arrest Wynter without warning? What were they thinking? Didn't they realize they had no authority to interrogate her?
He was clearly about to lose his cool, but someone in their group had a steadier hand.
"Elmer, what are you thinking? The only reason Boss was taken is that she allowed it." Elmer paused mid-rant, reconsidering his plan to confront the city authorities.
"Exactly, Elmer. Doesn't this scene look familiar to you? Do you remember how Boss saved you at the border using this same tactic?"
Of course, Elmer remembered. They had been captured together on the border as kids. Wynter had seemed so timid back then, barely speaking a word. He even thought she had been terrified and kept asking her what she had done to get caught. Was she a physics prodigy, or maybe a math genius like him?
Back then, she had stayed quiet, acting meek and fearful. Looking back now, Elmer realized she probably just didn't want to talk to a naive kid like him.
While he had been busy strategizing about how to play dumb and wait for rescue, she had already crushed the leader's throat in the dead of night and single-handedly wiped out the entire armed group.
So much for "timid"-that had all been his imagination.
Although they were both "kids", Wynter was very different in this regard. That moment was still the most awe-inspiring thing Elmer had ever witnessed. Since then, he had learned that her key tactic during missions was always playing against expectations.
"Do you mean Boss has some other plan in place? But she didn't say anything to us."
Someone laughed. "There wasn't time. Too many people want her gone."
"But to use law enforcement like this? Whoever's behind this must have serious
connections. Isn't that exactly the bait we've been waiting for?"
No one in their particular task force was faint-hearted. In fact, they thrived on risks, so their thinking sometimes diverged from that of ordinary people.
"If it really comes to it, L can hack into the city's security system."
Listening to this, Wolf raised his fierce eyes and wrote, "Even if Boss is fine, I want those who captured her to regret it for the rest of their lives!"
Chaos had an incredibly strong desire for revenge as an Ancient Beast-no one needed to mention it. If Wolf had not had other tasks and had not followed Logan on a search mission, he would have already taken action.
But he didn't think anything would happen. After all, Dalton was there.
With his big eyes, Wolf bit down on the enormous diamond in his hand.
As long as Dalton was around, no one would be able to harm Wynter. It was just that Wolf didn't understand the human world's complexities this time.
Dalton had also been taken to the relevant department for questioning. However, those interrogating him were frustrated as they couldn't get any information from him.
Instead, Dalton sat there looking less like someone being investigated and more like someone who could investigate them at any moment.
###chapter1582

Chapter 1582 Who Arrested Them
Although Dalton was already keeping a low profile, his presence still commanded attention. As the Top Unit's "Artist", he had never shown his face, yet he had helped solve numerous serial murder cases. Unlike Wynter, this was something he genuinely enjoyed.
The person in charge of the Top Unit had always wanted Dalton to take over their role. But ultimately, they realized that a scion from Kingbourne's elite circles wouldn't settle for a full -time job like that. After all, his natural abilities were nothing short of genius.
Back at the Top Unit's headquarters, they received the news quickly.
"Say that again? Who was arrested?"
"Dalton Yarwood."
The blood pressure of the person in charge spiked. "Who authorized this? What reason did they have? Why did they arrest someone without reporting it?"
One of the team members explained, "It's about market manipulation. There's a video that points in his direction. It's just an investigation, nothing serious. You know how it goes. They're just following procedure."
"What procedure? Not reporting this is not according to procedure at all! Are they saying the Yarwoods' head manipulating the stock market for profit? Are the people handling this out of their minds?" The person in charge's face was flushed with anger.
The team member followed him as they walked. "Calm down. This type of case is too minor to be reported to us. It's out of our jurisdiction and just a routine investigation. I've checked it out the procedures are all in line."
"The procedures might be in line, but the logic isn't! This is a setup... Wait, a setup..."
The person's eyes gleamed as he looked at his subordinate. "What if he allowed himself to be arrested?"
The team member paused, thinking it over. It seemed very likely!
"This must be tied to a larger case." The supervisor's pace quickened. "Check who was responsible for his arrest, investigate internally, and keep this top secret. Level ten confidentiality. Bypass the local authorities."
"Understood."
Dalton was well aware of the stir his arrest would cause.
He sat there, seemingly relaxed, with only an ordinary paper cup beside him. Yet, his demeanor suggested he was attending an important meeting. His legs were slightly crossed, and his voice was calm.
He wore a meticulously tailored black suit. His deep, dark eyes contrasted with his pale skin, exuding an aloof and dignified air that filled the room with overwhelming pressure.
No one dared come in for further questioning. Anytime they tried, they felt like they were the ones being interrogated.
Meanwhile, Wynter had also been taken away. Of course, the Whitman family was distraught.
Even Cyrus rushed back in a panic. "Grandpa, where's Wynter? I heard from people outside that she's been taken in for questioning!"
Reuben nodded. His expression was grim, and his heart was aching with worry.
Cyrus stepped forward to support him, saying, "This is wrong! Grandpa, there's no way Wynter could be involved in anything illegal. Think about how much she's done to help the factory. How could she ever make money by exploiting ordinary people?"
Reuben knew that Cyrus' words were right, but he also knew that convincing others would be an entirely different story, especially with that video.
He understood that it was time to call in some favors. If he didn't act quickly, Wynter might be caught in a scandal she couldn't escape-a risk he simply couldn't take.
With his finance background, Cyrus knew exactly what stock market manipulation entailed. It was when someone used illegal means to deliberately distort stock prices or trading volumes, creating a false impression in the market.
This would mislead investors, causing them to make wrong judgments about the stock values. This would disrupt the market and profits at the expense of everyday investors.
###chapter1583
Chapter 1583 Downfall
However, Cyrus knew that Wynter had entered the fray to stop the Wray family from teaming up with foreign investors to siphon money from ordinary shareholders. He had never felt so wronged and frustrated for someone before.
Outsiders were already speculating that Wynter could face severe prison time. The moment she was taken away in handcuffs, it was captured on camera and spread online.
The sensational headline read, "Second-generation capitalists enter the fray, disrupt the stock market, and exploit ordinary investors."
In an instant, the comment section became a battleground.
Though Wynter's face wasn't visible in the photo, many people quickly connected her to the Quinnell and Whitman families. The flood of comments demanded an explanation from the companies involved.
"I knew this would collapse from the moment she emerged. It was only a matter of time."
"I was touched by her when she brought the heroic spirit back home, but now it seems she was just trying to launder our money!"
"She's just good at marketing. I've heard she's a high school dropout with terrible grades. You can look it up."
"I checked. Her grades were poor until later. She probably got those achievements through the Quinnell family's money. The buzz was just a coincidence."
"I don't care what she's done. Let her rot in prison as long as my brother isn't affected."
"Those scions from the Quinnell family will probably be impacted too, right?"
"What do you mean by 'impacted?' Isn't it the case that birds of a feather flock together? The Quinnell and Whitman families are all the same!"
The online discourse was intensifying. The internet was a double-edged sword. It could sometimes help someone but also be wielded as a weapon against them.
If it had been anyone else, it might not have been as severe, but given that Wynter already had a significant online presence, the fallout was much worse.
It even affected the company's shareholders' meeting and various plans. Many people expressed their disillusionment, claiming their admiration for her was shattered.
In the canned food factory's live chat, some viewers outright insulted her.
"Cut ties with that so-called young lady from the Quinnell family! I've worked so hard to build this treasure of domestic goods, so please don't let it suffer because of her!"
"Exactly! Miss, you need to tell your boss to get things under control. Otherwise, your metrics will look bad."
The backlash was overwhelming and completely unexpected. Everything related to the Quinnell family was under scrutiny.
The Whitman family wasn't spared, either. Protests erupted outside the Whitman Group's headquarters, with shareholders splashing paint on the building, demanding the downfall of those maliciously manipulating the stock market.
Reuben was well aware of what was happening. He desperately tried to find out who had targeted Wynter and how he could make them back off. His only concern was protecting her.
As for the Whitman family's reputation, he no longer cared. He refused to let her bear the brunt of everything alone.
Meanwhile, Noah and Taylor were in a promotional event with other business community members. Everyone knew about the incident, and they looked at the Whitman brothers with mixed emotions.
It was especially so for Edison, who had never felt so satisfied. His expression practically screamed that he was relishing this misfortune.
###chapter1584
Chapter 1584 Lapdog
"Mr. Whitman, I'm not sure if what's being said online is true," Edison said, glancing with concern at Noah. Yet, his words dripped with sarcasm.
"I heard from my secretary that Ms. Quinnell got arrested. She shouldn't have done it this way if she wanted to make money. What are we going to do now? Mr. Whitman Senior must be worse off after hearing this."
This kind of schadenfreude was precisely what such people thrived on.
The Whitman family had been riding high for some time, and Edison was more than just jealous. Now, he relished their misfortune. The Whitman family was finally tasting the bitter fruit of their actions, and it felt immensely satisfying to him.
Noah, usually not one to be trifled with, had previously kept a low profile but was now returning to his younger self's intensity. "The situation hasn't been fully investigated yet, Mr. Waldron, so why are you so eager to mock 1,501 us? Did you report on Sevie?"
The question made Edison's facial expression change. He knew all too well that it was indeed his report that triggered the investigation.
A whistleblower was necessary for the relevant authorities to investigate Wynter. Fredric and the directives from above intended to make it appear they had nothing to do with the matter.
Even the decision to issue the arrest warrant hadn't come from them, but they had undoubtedly influenced it. Edison was acutely aware of this. When the leaders directed him, he followed their orders without question.
In his mind, failing to show his allegiance now would mean losing a golden opportunity. Without hesitation, he had penned that whistleblower letter.
Noah's smile grew colder when he saw the guilt written all over Edison's face. "For so many years, the Whitman family has never made enemies.
"Since Mr. Quinnell Senior established the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce, we've known that developing local businesses is the only way to compete with foreign capital.
"When conditions were tough in the past, he always thought of everyone's growth and never hid his resources, believing everyone could profit. Now that the environment has improved, you reported the Quinnell family's heir to the authorities.
"Are you still dreaming of becoming the Chamber of Commerce's president? Ha! Let me assure you, that won't happen. Regarding Sevie, until there's solid evidence, anyone who slanders her will face legal action from the Whitman family.
"I advise everyone to mind their own business and not stab others in the back now. The last people who tried that, our in-laws, are currently in jail. If you all wish to join them, feel free to try."
He spoke slowly, standing firm in the light, and no one dared to approach.
The recent incident involving the Montclair family made everyone aware of Noah's tactics. Nobody knew how many secrets he held as he was exceptionally good at hiding things.
Even moving company assets in advance was something he could manage-imagine how ruthless one must be to conceal their methods so effectively.
Edison felt bitter. He stared at Noah while clenching his fist tightly.
Someone nearby cautioned him, "Mr. Waldron, stay calm. Don't reveal anything before your plans are complete. It would be disastrous if they traced it back to you."
Initially, he had wanted to disregard the warning and continue his provocation. But the person leaned in closer and added, "This is what Mr. Monty specifically instructed."
With that, Edison took a deep breath and fell silent.
At this moment, Taylor noticed the exchange. He strode over, and his tone was laced with mockery. "Mr. Waldron, it looks like you've become someone else's lapdog. First Kenton, and now it's your turn, isn't it?"
###chapter1585
Chapter 1585 The Real Kingpin
Edison couldn't handle the provocation and suddenly grabbed Taylor by the collar before throwing a punch.
Taylor didn't get hit, but the incident drew attention to Edison. He should have kept a low profile as the whistleblower, but he couldn't hold back.
It wasn't just Edison who didn't understand the situation. Even his superior, Fredric, didn't grasp that neither Dalton nor Wynter could be touched.
Imagine the implications of arresting these two. One was the scion of Kingbourne and the Top Unit's mysterious " Artist". Meanwhile, the other was 001, the founder, with countless achievements and extensive experience in overseas operations, of the Special Unit known to no one.
If either of them were interrogated, it wouldn't be just a local affair-the news would reach Lucas immediately.
"Say that again? Who did they arrest?" Lucas furrowed his brow as he looked at his secretary from the car's back
seat.
"Ms. Quinnell has indeed been arrested and hasn't resisted. We're currently in the questioning phase. Mr. Keller, should we consult the higher-ups to get Ms. Quinnell released? And what about the truth behind the stock market case? Should that be revealed?"
After hearing this, Lucas rolled down the window to clear his thoughts. He was well aware of Wynter's situation, especially regarding her identity. His teacher, who had always focused on the future of Cascadia and its people, had hinted that she was someone special.
Lucas had noticed this since his time in Southdale. Her seemingly casual actions always carried a deeper meaning. He understood better than anyone that a significant part of his rapid rise was due to the major cases she had often brought to him. Furthermore, she had her insights regarding economic development.
She had mentioned the stock market case to him long ago. It was a significant economic case involving the stock market and the Chamber of Commerce, with someone continuously siphoning profits overseas.
Families like the Wrays and Montclairs were mere pawns on the surface. The real kingpin hid in the background. Though she hadn't explicitly stated it, he suspected a protective umbrella was involved. His purpose in coming here was to unearth this long-standing protection.
He had anticipated that Wynter would meet him upon his arrival. Gordon founded the Chamber of Commerce, and as the Quinnell family heir, she should be familiar with its operational model. Yet, now she had been arrested. Lucas believed she had countless ways to avoid this fate with her capabilities. But now that it was made public...
He pulled his gaze back from the window and rolled it up again, saying, "Let's hold off on revealing the truth. We need to consult the higher-ups. However, the request isn't for her release but to increase manpower and elevate the confidentiality level.
"I suspect this isn't just an economic crime there's more at play. As for Mindcrest High School, we shouldn't alert anyone. Keep an eye on the dismissed principal as people are waiting for him outside. We'll wait for further news on everything else."
"Understood." The secretary closed the file.
Lucas was steady in his actions. Although he was young for his position, he could maintain composure in front of certain people, likely due to his military background.
The school staff had received the news at the last minute that one of their higher-ups was coming. They barely had time to prepare.
###chapter1586
Chapter 1586 Her True Identity
At this moment, informing anyone would only expose Fredric. But upon closer thought, it was still a win.
The troublesome Wynter wouldn't be coming out anymore. Once the accusations were established, it would be nearly impossible for her to clear her name.
The public perception of the Quinnell and Whitman families had plummeted online, and no one would trust them again.
Even if Wynter knew something about the scholarship committee, it wouldn't matter. Someone who couldn't even save themselves had no way to compete with them.
Fredric adjusted his glasses with a smug expression as he listened to the broadcast updates. Wynter would finally pay the price for her actions over the past few days.
Meanwhile, in the interrogation room, Dalton didn't seem like someone being interrogated, but Wynter felt more like the one interrogating others.
"I don't acknowledge these accusations as I've never done any of these things." She leaned forward. "The whistleblower needs to provide evidence, too. They can't just slander me. Since I'm here, shouldn't they be brought in to cooperate with the investigation?"
The interrogators were taken aback by her counter-question.
One of them, visibly irritated, snapped, "That's not your concern. Just answer the questions."
"Me? I'm just an ordinary business investor," Wynter replied, looking at the interrogator. "I'm surprised to have been arrested and suspect someone is framing me. I have my suspicions about who reported me.
"This is a case of malicious competition in business. I demand that the company's legal counsel be involved."
The interrogators seemed to ignore her plea as one of them stood up abruptly. "Ms. Quinnell, we've encountered many criminals like you. You'd better think carefully about what you've done. Confessing will benefit your sentencing."
She smiled slyly. "I've already thought it over."
The interrogator, feeling smug, thought she was scared and sat back down to record her statement.
But she wouldn't give him that chance. She quickly grabbed his wrist and looked up at him. "You aren't even recording this interrogation?"
The interrogator's face turned pale instantly. He stared at Wynter in disbelief, as if he were seeing a ghost. "You... How?"
How did she unlock the handcuffs? She had been cuffed to the chair!
As the Special Unit's leader, Wynter found it easy to handle such matters. She chuckled softly, and with a click, she locked the interrogator to the chair using the same handcuffs.
The interrogator tried to press the alarm button on his shoulder, but Wynter swiftly tapped a pressure point on his
arm.
The interrogator's eyes glazed over, unaware that such techniques still exist.
Not wasting any time, she pulled out her phone and dialed a number. "Have our people take over here completely, but keep it low-key."
Members of the Special Unit had long been itching for action.
"Yes, Boss!"
They arrived quickly, and the people inside initially thought they were just ordinary citizens. But when the Special
Unit revealed their identities, everyone froze in shock.
The Special Unit? How could they be here in Hawford? Why were they here? It was unbelievable!
Someone took the opportunity to tip others off but was immediately pinned to the table by Elmer. "You'd better behave. We're all colleagues and don't want to use force if we can avoid it."
That did not seem like they were trying to avoid using force!
###chapter1587

Chapter 1587 Unable to Bear the Responsibility
"Boss!" Elmer, having finished his task, ran over to Wynter.
Wynter casually rotated her wrist and raised an eyebrow. "Is he the mole?"
"Yes." Elmer nodded.
The Securities Regulatory Bureau was an institution dispatched by the Securities Regulatory Commission. It was responsible for on-site supervision of listed companies, with a
particular focus on insider trading and market manipulation.
It was unlikely that everyone in the bureau was corrupt-it usually only took one or two rotten apples to spoil the bunch.
The person interrogating Wynter had been from a lower position, but the one Elmer had uncovered held more authority.
Wynter's dark eyes lowered slightly as her gaze fell on the man in question, Zachary Hiddlestone. He was now trembling, his legs having gone completely weak, and he collapsed on the floor. His phone lay discarded beside him.
He had encountered Wynter before. He was someone of some authority, after all. He had been invited to events like those hosted by the Chamber of Commerce.
From Zachary's perspective, Wynter had always been just a sharp-witted scion-someone who, even if she made money in stocks, did so largely thanks to Dalton's involvement.
Everyone assumed that her success was due to luck, not her own abilities. No one thought she could ever take down the Wray family on her own.
But now, to his utter disbelief, the Special Unit had completely taken over their division - for her! Zachary wondered if he heard them wrongly when they called her "Boss".
Zachary's hands trembled, and his breathing came in ragged gasps. He was terrified to the core. Did the higher-ups or Fedric know that Wynter was actually part of the Special Unit?
Wynter didn't give him any more time to stammer. She walked over, picked up his phone, and placed it back in his hand. "Send a message to your superior. Tell them that all the charges against me are valid and that I'm so scared that I'm losing my mind."
Zachary's lips quivered. "I-I..."
"Send it." Wynter's voice struck like lightning, devoid of any warmth. "Or would you like to take the fall yourself and face a death sentence?"
"I'll send it now!" Zachary hastily unlocked his phone.
There were no contacts in his phone and even his call history was blank, but it didn't matter as he had memorized the number. After typing it in, he began composing the message, word for word, exactly as Wynter instructed.
Wynter raised an eyebrow. "Whose number is that?"
Zachary's gaze wavered, as if he was too afraid to say.
Wynter stood up. "Take him away. No need for further questioning - he will take the fall." "I'll talk, I'll talk! It's Mr. Monty!" Zachary shouted in a panic. "Mr. Monty didn't directly say it, but he mentioned that the recent stock market fluctuations had caused several leading companies in the city to crash, which led to criticism from the provincial authorities.
"He implied that if we didn't step up our regulatory efforts, I'd be held accountable. He wanted me to handle any complaints carefully and pay attention to public voices. If the leading companies fall, it'll set the city's development back.
"Though Mr. Monty didn't spell it out, I knew he was referring to the Wray family." Zachary grew bolder. "You've caused major corporations in the city to collapse, and Mr. Monty isn't happy about that.
"After he hinted at it, Mr. Waldron submitted a formal complaint, accusing you of manipulating the stock market."
Hearing this, Wynter turned off the recording device, her tone calm. "Aside from Fredric Monty, did anyone else from the provincial level imply the same?"
"No one else," Zachary confirmed after a moment of thought. "It's only Mr. Monty. Your case wasn't enough to reach the provincial level..."
Then, Zachary muttered absentmindedly, "Now that it has, even the provincial authorities might not be able to bear the responsibility..."
###chapter1588

Chapter 1588 Backfire
Wynter knew there was no point in asking further. The mastermind would never expose any vulnerabilities, not even to their subordinates.
Those in power often communicated through implication. Those who understood would serve them, and those who couldn't would stay stagnant, never receiving promotions.
A mental storm brewed in Wynter's mind. She would need solid evidence to expose the person behind Fredric. Empty accusations would only alert her enemies.
The reason she allowed herself to be taken in was to lower their guard. After all, she had been too high-profile in Hawford lately. Her every move was watched closely, making it difficult for her to act freely.
The matter with Mindcrest High School couldn't be left unresolved. Her instincts told her that was the key to everything.
Wynter knew she had to rescue the recently selected girls before Logan tracked down the Winston family. The best way to do that was to adopt a new identity.
At that moment, Zachary's phone beeped. He handed it to Wynter, and after reading the message, a knowing smile crossed her face.
"Do as usual." The three words summarized everything. The implication was clear-get rid of Wynter as soon as possible.
"As expected, he's an old fox. To bring down the true mastermind, we'll need to deal with Fredric first," Wynter said to Elmer.
She immediately gave him orders. "Gather every detail about Fredric's early days as a lower rank official. Keep it discreet. Look into how he climbed to his current position. This includes every minor detail."
"Understood." Elmer nodded.
By now, everyone in the department realized what had transpired. They were ready to fully cooperate with the Special Unit. In a show of dedication to the mission's secrecy, they voluntarily switched off their phones and handed them over to Elmer.
This was the integrity of the civil servants, who genuinely served the people-showing their values through their actions.
Meanwhile, Fredric couldn't contain the smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. Finally, the major problem-Wynter-was dealt with.
Soon, both the Quinnell and Whitman families would have a hard time protecting
themselves. The coveted position of the Chamber of Commerce's chairman would never fall into their hands.
Furthermore, no one would pay attention to the scholarship committee anymore. Wynter, that insolent young upstart, was bound to pay for her actions. Even the Yarwood family couldn't do much with the damning evidence they'd gathered against her.
If he'd known she feared being interrogated, he would have captured her sooner.
However, the delay had interfered with his timetable for sending Eliana to her "destination ". He would need to devise another plan to ensure her transfer was carried out smoothly.
But the most pressing matter for Fredric now was handling Lucas' arrival.
Seeing Lucas' car pulling in, Fredric quickly ran over to open the door, maintaining his practiced subservience. "Mr. Keller, shall we allow the children to continue their lessons as usual? We can just take a look around."
Of course, disrupting the students' studies was out of the question.
Lucas nodded and chuckled. "Let's start by visiting the cafeteria. It's almost lunchtime, and we don't want everyone making too much fuss. I'd like to see what the children are eating." Everyone knew that a school's cafeteria was a reflection of how much the administration valued its students. There wouldn't be enough time to whip up a fancy meal just for show- whatever was on the menu now was what the students ate every day.
Fredric immediately knew Lucas wouldn't be easy to deal with. He thought to himself that Gideon had received plenty of benefits over the years, so surely, he wouldn't let the food quality slip, right?
However, when they finally arrived at the cafeteria, Fredric's expression changed drastically.
###chapter1589

Chapter 1589 Feeling Awful
With Gideon, the master in half-hearted cover-ups, no longer around, the sudden inspections brought light to the long-standing issue that had been conveniently ignored.
The problems that had festered within the school became evident the moment the group stepped into the cafeteria.
No one said a word at first. They watched as the cafeteria staff poured something from a pot. Upon closer inspection, it turned out to be leftover tomato soup.
But that wasn't the most shocking part-what was truly disturbing was the sour smell emanating from the soup. It had clearly gone bad, yet the staff were reheating it to serve it again.
A glance further into the kitchen revealed even worse. The hygiene standards were appalling. Forget masks-one of the cooks was smoking while adding oil to a large pan to stir-fry vegetables.
Fredric's expression dimmed before Lucas could even react.
The kitchen staff eventually noticed the group watching. One of them dropped the ladle with a loud clang before yelling, "What are you all doing here? Don't you know that outsiders aren't allowed in here?"
While other high schools had undergone regular inspections, Mindcrest High School had somehow always managed to dodge them. Whenever they needed to present something, it was staged for photoshoots. Hence, no one in the kitchen ever expected a real inspection to happen.
This was especially true for the man, Aiden Valencia, running the cafeteria. Aiden was part of the Valencia family and a direct relative of Gideon. This made him believe that he was untouchable.
But unlike the clueless kitchen staff, Aiden recognized the gravity of the situation and rushed over as fast as he could.
Even faster was the school's administrator, David Harris. He was sweating profusely as he ran to greet the group. "Mr. Paley, this isn't how things usually are in the kitchen. I swear, today's just an exception. Maybe it's just that..."
David only recognized Samuel Paley and hadn't seen any of the other officials before. But noticing that Samuel could only stand in the back, David instantly realized the severity of the situation-their school was in deep trouble this time!
"Maybe? Maybe what?" Samuel pointed at the pot of the tomato soup, his hands shaking in anger. "Why are you reheating something that has already gone bad? You guys are allowing children to eat this? Tell me, would you allow your own kids to eat this?"
Samuel was beyond furious. As someone responsible for overseeing education, he had
always believed that his work was for the betterment of students.
But now, something like this had been happening under his very nose. "All of you! Don't think you can brush this under the rug with a few words!"
As he spoke, he lifted his head to look at Lucas. "This is my mistake. Mindcrest High School clearly needs a thorough investigation!"
Everything they'd been presented with before had painted a rosy picture. Samuel's mouth felt dry as he continued, "The last time I was here with Mr. Monty, the cafeteria served ten dishes and a soup.
"Everything was fresh, and they even made accommodations for students who don't eat meat by offering a separate vegetarian menu. I personally tasted every dish. I never would have imagined they were capable of such deception!"
Parents paid for their children to eat at this cafeteria, and no parent would tolerate their child eating this kind of "food". Even the meat in the kitchen was questionable no one could say for sure what kind of meat it even was.
Lucas remained composed, his steady gaze falling on Fredric. "Mr. Monty, what's your take on this?"
Fredric was not expecting to be singled out at this moment. He had hoped to avoid any attention from Lucas. But he had never anticipated that this would be the very moment he'd stumbled.
"Yes, an investigation must be carried out. The safety of the school's food is paramount-it concerns the health of every child here." Fredric feigned outrage as he continued, "People who make money through such unscrupulous means must be punished severely!"
###chapter1590

Chapter 1590 Eliana Trusts Wynter
Lucas glanced sideways. "Then, let's follow Mr. Monty's suggestion and punish everyone involved, including all school personnel. Spread the word to the public.
"Starting today, we'll use Mindcrest High School as an example and conduct surprise inspections across all primary and high schools in the city.
"Mr. Paley mentioned how things were different the last time you visited. That's easy to explain."
Lucas turned his gaze to Samuel. "Last time, someone tipped them off. This time, if any school gets advance notice of an inspection, you can bet all of you will be under suspicion."
Lucas' words were delivered with a smile, but no one there was able to reciprocate. All seven of them, including three officials from the department, could tell his remarks were a direct warning. That smile was far more unsettling than outright anger, and it chilled them to the bone.
No one felt this more keenly than Fredric. He had intended to accompany Lucas to divert attention away from Mindcrest High School. But now, not only would he have to deal with internal affairs, but the media would also catch wind of this.
Soon, every citizen would be focused on the school's failings. That meant any further interference from him would be nearly impossible.
Fredric figured it would be best to take advantage of the chaos and discreetly take Eliana. After all, with so many pressing matters on Lucas' plate, it was unlikely anyone would notice a single student being taken away.
And it was certainly true. The things Lucas had to handle now were not minor issues.
Fredic took a step forward and took a glance at his driver.
When Eliana was called out again, it was her homeroom teacher, Kurt Abrams, acting as the intermediary.
"Eliana, I don't understand why you would refuse such a great opportunity. The person who brought you here last time has already been taken away by the authorities. People like that might give you wrong ideas or lead you to make poor decisions."
Kurt, who was relatively young, seemed to have an almost wistful tone when talking about going abroad.
"I hope you seize this chance to study overseas. Once you get there, you'll realize that the backward ideas you encounter here simply don't exist over there. The air itself is sweet, unlike the hazy smog that surrounds us here."
As Eliana listened to Kurt's accent, something started to feel off. She had always paid
attention to her studies and had never noticed his accent.
In the quiet of the conversation, Eliana suddenly remembered something she'd once heard. Some foreign spies could infiltrate communities and brainwash people subtly through their ideology.
She had previously dismissed it as gossip, just idle chatter to pass the time. But now, her instincts were on high alert.
She was well aware of what had been happening online - Wynter, who had saved her, had been arrested, accused of stock market manipulation and creating a fake persona. Eliana had only met Wynter once, but she refused to believe the rumors circulating about her.
Eliana knew exactly who had saved her, and she was certain that the place Kurt wanted to send her was anything but safe.
Gripping her hands tightly, Eliana recalled the advice Wynter had given her when she was dropped off. She had told her to agree with them first no matter what they say. Then, stall time and contact her.
Swallowing her fear, Eliana put on her usual quiet demeanor. "I need to go home and discuss this with my grandparents."
"Yes, you should discuss it. After all, becoming an exchange student is a big deal, and your family won't need to pay for it at all. You've been a bit stubborn in the past," Kurt said with a warm smile.
He continued, "Alright then, you can skip the evening classes today. Go home and discuss it with your grandparents. Someone will pick you up tomorrow morning."
No matter what Eliana said, it was clear Kurt had already decided for her.
As Eliana walked out, trembling slightly, she caught a glimpse of Kurt's face darkening through the crack in the office door.
Kurt muttered, "Such a hassle. In the end, I still have to get my hands dirty."
###chapter1591

Chapter 1591 Wynter Taking Action
Eliana listened intently, realizing that the language Kurt was using wasn't Cascadian at all.
The school had become unsafe, and she had no idea who she could confide in. Her
classmates all thought she had landed the opportunity of a lifetime, busy hurling insults at Wynter. What was she supposed to do? Call the police?
Her first instinct was to report what she suspected. Anxiously, she picked up her phone, but before she could dial, she hesitated. What would she even say? That she suspected there were spies in the school?
She remembered seeing Gideon cozying up to various figures, her face going pale at the thought. Although everyone was talking about how Wynter had been arrested, Eliana still wanted to give it a shot.
Wynter had promised her that no matter what happened, she would be the first to come to her aid if needed.
With renewed determination, Eliana dialed Wynter's number.
She didn't expect anyone to answer, but soon, a familiar aloof voice came through the line. " Eliana? What's up? Is someone bothering you again?"
"You weren't arrested! The news online is fake!" Eliana was overjoyed. "I knew you were wronged! There's no way you would do those things!"
Wynter chuckled. "The news is true, but as they say, you must take risks to achieve significant success."
Being a top student, Eliana understood her implications instantly. She covered her mouth, her voice barely a whisper. "Ms. Wynter, did you get caught on purpose?"
"I'm still a criminal now. I am locked up, but I'm free in a different sense-I can show up in front of you whenever I want."
Wynter continued with a hint of a chuckle, "I'll come looking for you even if you don't seek me out. I thought about it. You're unique, and they won't let you go so easily."
After all, Wynter was once revered as a cultivator who had a knack for reading others' fates. Even if she were to read the fortune of someone she had little connections to, she could still deduce some information based on Eliana's appearance and her birth date.
Initially, Wynter had fallen into the misconception that the girls selected were chosen purely for their looks and youth. After all, the selection process created that illusion.
However, she had since changed her perspective. The girls chosen were not just from Midcrest High School. She was sure others from different institutions were likely involved as well.
Identifying who had been targeted within such a short time frame was challenging,
especially since these girls' final destinations remained uncertain. Eliana stood out due to her unique horoscope.
Wynter's gaze deepened as she contemplated the significance of Eliana's horoscope. She had encountered someone with stronger energies before-and that very person was currently sitting across from her, sipping tea and listening to confessions.
Noticing Wynter's stare, Dalton raised his eyes. His handsome face, almost too regal for the surroundings, seemed out of place yet oddly familiar. He was probably the only one who would investigate while clad in a tailored suit.
However, at one glance, he appeared more suited to a dark throne, supporting his face with a hand while observing judgments-be they good or ill-from above.
Wynter shook her head. Even her fingers could feel the energy radiating from Dalton.
She refocused on Eliana, who was still on the phone. "Don't worry, just keep stalling them. I'll be there soon."
"Okay, Ms. Wynter. I'll wait for you at home."
Eliana continued to share every detail of her recent experiences, including her suspicions about Kurt.
Wynter noted Kurt's name before replying, "You did well, Eliana. Send a message to that teacher, and tell him you'll be on time for their arrival tomorrow morning."
###chapter1592

?Chapter 1592 The Ones in Danger
Eliana nodded from the other end of the line. "Okay. I'll listen to you, Ms. Wynter!"
After their conversation, Eliana quickly sent a message to Kurt, following Wynter's instructions.
Moments later, she received a reply stating that transportation had been arranged and that they knew where her home was. The message instructed her not to come to school the next day, as someone would come to pick her up directly from home.
A chill ran down Eliana's spine as she read those words. It was clear that these people had infiltrated every aspect of her life. They were not just at school but had even surveilled her home.
She didn't linger school any longer. As she passed through the school gate, she overheard students discussing the issue with the cafeteria. It seemed that officials had arrived to investigate, and the school could no longer conceal this issue.
Every student was aware of the problems in the cafeteria, and while they had reported them, there was little they could do.
The results of past inspections had always turned out well. Whenever officials came to check, the food quality would improve dramatically, only to revert to its poor state once they left. The students had grown accustomed to this cycle.
This was the same for Eliana. However, her pressing thought now was to return home as soon as possible to check on her grandparents. She feared that these people might threaten their safety.
On her way home, she kept a keen eye on her surroundings. Until today, she had been unaware of any dangers lurking nearby. But after heeding Wynter's advice, she began to
notice the anomalies around her.
It seemed the threat had been present for a long time. It was just that their surveillance system was so sophisticated that they hadn't dared to act impulsively. Instead, they chose to use her willingness against her.
As she walked, Eliana found herself wondering how Wynter planned to confront these people. They were after more than just her-there was also Penelope, who had been taken.
Eliana had no idea that the people who came to inspect the school were genuinely concerned about the students' well-being. As a result, she missed the chance to cross paths with Lucas and his team.
Had Lucas encountered a student as visibly anxious as Eliana, he would have certainly asked more questions. This might have led Fredric to suspect that the scholarship committee had already drawn attention from higher authorities.
Ironically, Eliana's absence made it easier for Wynter's plan to unfold without interference.
The fact that Wynter wasn't imprisoned was only known to Eliana and Lucas. Whether in matters of business or personal affairs, Wynter made sure to keep Lucas informed of her every move.
Lucas was in the middle of listening to Samuel's proposal for managing the situation when he received her latest update.
Since a thorough investigation was underway, everything from the quality of the students' food to their living conditions, teaching standards, and even the students' recent psychological health would be examined.
The public exposure of the cafeteria scandal had caused significant upheaval, and no parent could tolerate what they saw. News spread quickly, and Midcrest High School found itself unable to escape the mounting scrutiny.
After the meeting, the first thing Lucas did was check his phone. His eyes lit up as he read the message.
Meanwhile, Fredric was hoping to establish a rapport with him. He maneuvered through the crowd and approached Lucas. "Mr. Keller, it's already quite late, and the meeting just finished.
"You've been busy non-stop since you arrived without even having a proper meal. How about I host you for a simple meal at a restaurant right across from the school?"
Fredirc spoke as he subtly observed Lucas' expression before asking, "Are there good news?"
He couldn't help but wonder if there was another clue.
Lucas met his gaze and smiled faintly. "There is indeed good news. It's a personal matter. My sister might be getting married."
Fredric immediately seized the opportunity. "That's fantastic news! A joyous occasion indeed! It's just that the timing and setting are unfortunate. You've just arrived, and there's been one issue after another.
"These problems stem from our previous lack of oversight. But with you here now, Mr. Keller, these kinds of issues won't arise anymore. Our subordinates are adept at using underhanded tricks for their own petty gains, which is why things like this happen.
"Mr. Paley and I have both been to this school before. I met Gideon before, and he seemed like an honest, educated man. Who would've thought? It just goes to show you can't judge a book by its cover. An investigation is definitely necessary."
Fredric's words were skillfully crafted. This way, he managed to distance himself from Gideon. After all, based solely on appearances, it made it seem like Samuel had closer ties with Gideon, while he had only met him once or twice.
The real reason why Fredric would say that was because, in his mind, if Lucas was willing to discuss personal matters with him, it meant he had let his guard down. Otherwise, it would be unlikely for a higher-up to discuss such matters.
It implied that Lucas at least saw him as an honest, uncorrupted official. To him, this was already a success. As for the issues with the cafeteria, they had nothing to do with him.
What Fredric didn't realize was that Lucas' mention of family was entirely fabricated. As Lucas walked ahead, he had already subtly signaled to Juan-an indication that Fredric should be formally investigated.
The message Lucas had received from Wynter was straightforward. "Fredric is definitely hiding something. I'm still investigating his backers' identities and have locked in on a few officials at the provincial level.
"I've managed to leave the scene and am currently looking into the disappearance of several students from the school. This is more than just human trafficking. There are deeper implications that might involve foreign forces.
"Please make Fredric think you're an easy-going, approachable new leader. It would be best if you play into his flattery. I need you to stall him for a day or two.
"Also, the school is infiltrated by enemy agents. Have your team check into the school's
teaching materials and look into these people's travel records.
"If the education system has been compromised, the consequences could be disastrous.
They're corrupting the students."
The students are the nation's future. This threat was too great to be ignored!
This situation reminded Wynter of the time she was trapped in the formation, facing that Foplyan officer. He, too, started his manipulations from the educational level, brainwashing the children. Coincidentally, it happened in this very city.
Wynter turned her head slightly to glance at Dalton, who was walking beside her.
Back then, he was also there. However, the version of him in the formation was more enigmatic. He exuded an energy that was both righteous and wicked, as if he held all the cards. It felt like no matter what happened, he had anticipated it.
No, more than that he seemed to observe everything from a high vantage point, detached and indifferent. In retrospect, he never even made a move back then.
It seemed like he was merely doing business, yet no one dared to provoke him. t seemed as
though he existed apart from the world. Even during times of war, when powerful and wealthy people often lost their dignity under foreign invasion, he remained untouchable. The version of him in the formation-his past self-was far too uncontrollable.
As Wynter reflected on these thoughts, she didn't realize she had been staring at him for longer than necessary.
Dalton stopped walking, his deep gaze locking onto hers. He smiled and spoke, his voice low and magnetic. "You've been staring at me for a while. What are you thinking about?" Wynter didn't mention the events in the formation. Instead, she grasped his wrist, her fingertips resting against his pulse.
"I was just thinking that if we find a few more people with the same horoscope who were also born with the heavenly luck you were born with, could it lead to immortality?" "No one can achieve immortality," Dalton replied calmly. "Even cultivators have their limits. They just live longer than ordinary people. Didn't you already calculate my horoscope? Extreme fortune leads to misfortune."
Wynter nodded. "Yours is too extreme, almost ridiculous. But there must be others whose fortune isn't so extreme." As she spoke, she gathered some purple energy from him. "I'll borrow a bit of this—it might come in handy."
Dalton lowered his gaze, watching her casually playing with the lucky coins. He asked suddenly, "Is someone looking for people with the same horoscope as mine? Are they seeking immortality?"
If one listened carefully, his tone was with a hint of mockery.
Wynter thought Dalton was way too perceptive. She knew she shouldn't have brought this up in front of him.
"Yes, there is," Wynter admitted. She swung her leg over her motorcycle and put on her helmet. "Keep an eye on things here. One of us needs to be inside just in case someone comes to check. You can cover for me if necessary."
Dalton didn't protest and merely nodded. He didn't insist on following her this time, which made Wynter a little curious. Still, she didn't dwell on it. The task at hand was far more pressing.
As Wynter left, more and more black feathers began to fall to the ground. The crow swooped across the city, descending to perch beside Dalton. "My lord."
"Follow her." Dalton's gaze darkened slightly. "If you sense any part of my soul, notify me."
The crow nodded. "Understood, my lord."
Dalton's gaze shifted away, his profile illuminated by the setting sun, revealing nothing of his emotions. Those people wanted not just immortality -- they wanted to awaken him as well.
"Foolish," Dalton muttered lazily, his tone carrying no warmth.
Nearby, Whitley, who had been watching this scene unfold, hesitated before stepping forward. Though he had pledged himself to Wynter, acknowledging her as his master,
Dalton's presence still terrified him to the core.
Nevertheless, he felt compelled to speak. "If you mean any harm to Ms. Quinnell, I will fight you to the death." As he spoke, the colors of his pupil shifted.
Dalton merely cast him a glance before leisurely walking away. After a few steps, his indifferent voice drifted back. "You've been overthinking ever since you've been enlightened. Is this what you've learned from humans all these years?"
The tone was so familiar that it left Whitley momentarily dazed. When he snapped out of it and looked up again, Dalton had already vanished.
Meanwhile, Eliana had just reached home. She was still unsure of how to explain things to her grandparents. As she opened the door, she was greeted by the sound of lively conversation.
"Is it true, dear? Is Eliana really so popular in school?" Anson asked eagerly.
"Of course! Who wouldn't like a smart and self-reliant student like Eliana?"
It was Wynter. It was clear she had arrived for quite some time. Always quick to charm the elderly, she was peeling an orange for Anson.
"Plus, she has a great personality. We all love hanging out with her," Wynter continued. "That's really good!" Anson chuckled, though there was a hint of relief and nervousness in
his voice. "Her grandmother and I were always worried she'd be bullied or left out at school.
"We're just simple folks from the countryside, and we don't really understand what schools are like nowadays. We've heard online that some kids bully others. We were worried but didn't dare ask her.
"We couldn't afford to get her the tablet the school required for online language classes,
either. We just didn't want her classmates to exclude her."
Agnes nodded in agreement, offering Wynter some simple biscuits from a bag they had clearly been saving for special occasions. They weren't expensive and were probably a dollar
per bag, but it was the best they could afford.
"Here, have some, dear," Agnes offered. Wynter paused for a moment before she accepted it.
Just then, Eliana couldn't hold back any longer and pushed open the door. "Grandpa,
Grandma, I'm home."
Eliana didn't have many friends at school. Poverty sometimes set her apart from others. In
middle school, she couldn't understand why, and it pained her. But over time, she accepted it and came to terms with her circumstances.
What she hadn't realized was how deeply her grandparents had worried about her. After all,
what family wouldn't want their child to be accepted, surrounded by friends, and not left
out? Anson's face lit up when he saw her. "My dear! Why are you home so early today? You're usually not back until late. It's not even Saturday. Don't you have evening classes?" "I came home early because I knew Ms. Wynter was coming to visit. The teacher gave me permission to leave early." Eliana walked further in, noticing the new items in the house- things that her grandparents could actually use.
They rented a small, dimly lit basement in an old apartment building. The space was cramped, and natural light was scarce. Because of that, she had never invited her classmates over before.
But now, seeing Wynter there, she felt something different. It felt like Wynter had truly become her friend.
Eliana smiled as she relayed what Kurt had said to Anson, carefully avoiding the real situation. She didn't want him to worry. She trusted that Wynter would be able to handle it all.
And Wynter could indeed handle it—both the trouble outside and, more importantly, Anson's illness.
"It's a chronic condition that's developed over the years. It requires patience, but it's not untreatable," Wynter said while checking Anson's pulse. She pulled out a silver needle and skillfully inserted it into an acupuncture point.
Then, she handed a slip of paper to Eliana. "Take this and go to Empathy Clinic in
Kingbourne. Look for my grandmother-she's an expert in this field. Your grandfather's illness needs to be treated with traditional medicine over time."
Eliana couldn't believe what she just heard. She snapped her head up, her eyes welling with tears in an instant.
She knew who Wynter really was. Despite all the hateful comments flying around the internet, slandering her, Eliana was fully aware of her status-Wynter Quinnell, the Quinnell family's heiress.
Normally, someone as wealthy as Wynter would never concern herself with people like them, let alone befriend her. But Wynter had saved not only her but her entire family.
Although Eliana was still young, growing up with her grandparents had given her a profound understanding of the harshness of life. She knew just how rare and valuable Wynter's kindness was.
"Thank you, Ms. Wynter! Thank you so much!" Eliana bowed deeply to Wynter, full of sincerity.
Though her life wasn't worth much, Eliana promised to herself that from now on, if Wynter ever needed help, she would do anything for her!
She wasn't foolish and could piece things together. Wynter had been immediately targeted right after saving Eliana, leading to malicious rumors and accusations flooding the internet. The forces behind this were clearly not small, and the connections ran deep.
Eliana was concerned for Wynter's safety and immediately grabbed her hand. "Ms. Wynter, I've thought about it. I can't let you deal with this alone. It's too dangerous for you."
Wynter glanced back, her lips curling into a mischievous smile. She had already changed into Eliana's school uniform. "Don't worry. It's them who are in danger."
###chapter1593

Chapter 1593 They Need Protection
Eliana didn't understand what Wynter meant initially. However, as night fell, she watched Wynter lower her head, fiddling with something before looking up again.
Wynter looked exactly like her now!
Eliana's eyes widened in disbelief. She had only seen scenes like this in movies. To think that something like a disguise technique would happen in front of her was shocking to Eliana.
"Ms. Wynter, you-"Eliana gasped.
"I naturally have to look like you if I'm using your identity." Wynter tugged at the edges of her face mask with a mischievous smile.
She had always been bold but meticulous in her actions. The Special Unit had always handled confidential missions, so she would leave no room for error in these matters.
"Stay here and get a good night's sleep tonight. I'll leave first tomorrow. After I'm gone and the people around your house clear out, you can take your grandparents and leave," Wynter instructed.
Eliana looked up, wanting to say she had no idea when those people would actually leave. "My people will come to pick you up. The most important thing is to have your grandparent go about their morning routine as usual. Make them wake up early to collect bottles as always. Don't let the others notice anything unusual.
"They want to keep you under control and silence you. Hence, to prevent future issues, they'll no doubt continue watching. But don't worry, my people will create a distraction. A day is all the time we'll need," Wynter said casually.
Eliana was still just a student, after all. She had never been involved in something like this before. Her excitement was mixed with nerves.
This would test not only her wits but also her ability to stay calm in overwhelming situations. She'd also need to explain it all to Anson and Agnes.
Noticing her anxiousness, Wynter patted her shoulder reassuringly. "Once the other girls are safe, I'll message you right away. By then, you'll already be in Kingbourne."
Eliana looked up sharply and nodded vigorously. Wynter made her feel like she wasn't just someone who needed saving-she even had the potential to save others, no matter how limited her abilities were.
Meanwhile, Fredric, believing the crisis was finally behind him, allowed himself a sigh of relief.
Firstly, he believed that Lucas wasn't as challenging as he had initially feared. Secondly,
Wynter, who had kept him on edge, had been detained. This was a crucial step in keeping the Whitman and Quinnell families from taking action.
With that, the Chamber of Commerce remained firmly under his control.
The villages involved in human trafficking had deeply unsettled him, giving him the impression that Lucas would be difficult to handle. Yet, after a meal together, Fredric realized Lucas wasn't so formidable.
Fredric believed Lucas' position stemmed from his privileged family background and the support of Jackson, who had military merit.
While Lucas couldn't be touched, given that it was an instruction from the higher-ups, Fredric was confident he could control everyone else's fate. After all, Lucas was just like the others.
As long as he kept things discreet, Lucas wouldn't be able to notice. If he played his cards right, Lucas might even become his "ally".
Fredric chuckled as he thought about this. Soon, he dialed a number.
On the other end, a voice, aged and hoarse, responded after a long wait, "I heard from my subordinates. Fredric, you handled things well. Your crisis management skills are impressive.
"As for the matters at Mindcrest High School, keep a close eye on them. Remember, education is fundamental. Some of our teachers need protection, especially under these delicate circumstances."
"Rest assured. I just spoke with Mr. Keller, and we're aligned on this point. Education is indeed the foundation, and at the very least, we need to maintain a good public image. Everything else can be dealt with gradually," Fredric replied.
###chapter1594

Chapter 1594 No One Can Save Wynter
"I promise it won't happen again!" Fredric assured. Others might've thought he was promising there wouldn't be another such cafeteria again, but he was actually implying that such incidents wouldn't get noticed in the future.
Once the news was suppressed and the buzz died down, everything would return to normal. But for now, he needed to present a convincing front.
Judah Randell sounded satisfied with the situation. Despite his inscrutable emotions, his tone had noticeably softened. "Her manipulation of the stock market had seriously impacted several businesses in Hawford. We mustn't let her get away with this."
"That's what I told the Security Regulatory Bureau. No matter who pleads for her mercy, she'll face the consequences of her actions under the law-even if she's Gordon Quinnell's descendant. Rest assured, she won't be let off the hook since she has confessed everything.
"You know how it is in there. Some ignorant girls will only understand fear once they're inside," Fredric replied as he took off his glasses, revealing a menacing expression.
From the bottom of his heart, Fredric viewed Wynter with condescension. He believed the Quinnell family was nothing more than a bunch of cunning businesspeople who had stumbled into their position by sheer luck. He was convinced that their success was simply a matter of fortunate timing.
Fredric scoffed dismissively, having never regarded the Quinnells in a favorable light. During their reign, he had constantly been overlooked for promotions. Back then, Gordon not only refused to give him a chance but also called out his sinister intentions in front of his superiors.
Fredric couldn't understand why the Quinnell family chose the hard path instead of taking the easier route. It could have been a mutually beneficial arrangement with the authority he wielded and the wealth they possessed.
Yet, businessmen often failed to recognize their own standing and dared to challenge him.
While he might have once held a lowly position and lacked the power to challenge the Quinnells, the tides had turned. Fredric was now determined to keep Wynter imprisoned for life, and no one could save her.
Still, he remained wary of potential interference from the Yarwood family and Sebastian, a member of the top law firm.
"Judging by the situation, the Quinnell family is in a tight spot trying to save themselves. Even if the Yarwood family wished to get her out, they need to consider the online uproar. No one can save that girl right now," Fredric reported softly, ensuring the driver couldn't overhear.
There was a brief silence on the line before Judah replied, "Very well. If everything is in place, release the news early so the public is aware of what happened."
It appeared the chaos online hadn't been enough, especially with the Whitman family still making moves. At the very least, they needed to drag Noah and Taylor into the controversies as well.
"I'll handle the aftermath. With the Wray family's fall, we can't leave the Chamber of Commerce in its current state. I'll find a chance to advocate the Waldron family for leadership to Mr. Keller," Fredric disclosed his plans.
When Judah gave a hum of approval, Fredric continued, "The goods are ready. She'll be transferred tomorrow. This time, no one will interfere."
Hearing that, Judah couldn't suppress a note of skepticism. His dark eyes glinted like those of a venomous snake. "I heard she has turned down the offer. Why has she suddenly agreed? Did something go awry?"
"It did, but that's her issue. She messaged her homeroom teacher, asking if she could receive some money upfront for her grandfather's treatment. She mentioned she's willing to take a lesser amount from her scholarship," Fredric answered.
###chapter1595

Chapter 1595 Wynter Puts On a Disguise
Judah's raspy voice commented coldly, "It sounds like she's at her wit's end."
Fredric let out a scoff. "I'll never understand why these peasants cling to city life. At least they're poor. Otherwise, it'll be tough to get our hands on these stocks."
Judah called out to Fredric sternly, as if reminding him of his place. Fredric usually reserved such derogatory remarks for when he was out of earshot. Any slip of that would shatter his image as the perfect secretary.
Fredric quickly regained his composure and shut his mouth. Judah chose not to dwell on his blunder but said, "In the future, it's better to change your habit before you speak or act. Since that girl has agreed, make sure she receives the money.
"Don't find her requests bothersome. The more she asks, the less trouble there will be later. After receiving the girl, keep a few men on standby to see if her grandparents need assistance. Everything must be done properly."
Fredric nodded and exclaimed, "I understand. As usual, you grasp the bigger picture. We'll keep trailing them."
Sometimes, the poor tended to cause havoc. Fredric had always been annoyed with those who asked for their children's whereabouts instead of money.
The club had once seen an uproar, though it was fortunate that the protesters were uneducated and unaware of how to organize an online protest. Ultimately, the incident was perfectly kept under wraps.
Unwilling to deal with the aftermath, Fredric resolved to keep a close watch on Eliana and her family to prevent any further complications. By tomorrow, any traces they left behind would be erased. Even if Lucas reacted and attempted to dig deeper, it would be too late.
As for the meddlesome Wynter, Fredric decided to keep her detained for a while longer. He could hardly wait to see the Whitman family's fall the next day!
Time flew by. Before dawn broke, the elders in the rundown apartment rose early to buy breakfast. The neighborhood began to stir, filled with the comforting atmosphere of everyday life.
In that community, everyone worked hard for a better living. They might find joy in a simple meal, but that was the way of their mundane life.
Wynter, disguised as Eliana, strode out of the dilapidated door, dressed in a suit and carrying a school bag.
When she passed the communal courtyard, she turned around and called out to those inside, "Remember to eat, you two! Especially you, Grandpa! It's not a waste to take the medicine. The money will be transferred tonight."
In reality, her words were intended for those eyeing them. Before Wynter arrived at the apartment, she had thoroughly surveyed the area. Others might have been oblivious to her presence, yet she knew exactly who was there and where they were positioned.
True to Wynter's expectations, the observer quickly reached out to their superior upon hearing her words.
Although Wynter stood a few inches taller than Eliana, the difference was too subtle for anyone to notice. Wynter took Eliana's old phone while hers was hidden in her inner thighs. She had even equipped herself with a GPS, though no one would notice any of it under her uniform.
Masquerading as Eliana, Wynter exited the gate and glanced at the intersection ahead, where a black SUV awaited.
Despite spotting the car, she still sent a message to Kurt. "Mr. Abrams, have the people picking me up arrived yet?"
"They're here. Just a moment. I'll let them know to come get you," Kurt replied. Meanwhile, the people in the car were focused intently on the disguised Wynter.
###chapter1596
Chapter 1596 It's the Devil They Took
"We followed the address here. It must be the right place. Look, Mr. Leblanc, that's the girl!" someone exclaimed.
It turned out they were the very group that had failed to abduct Eliana last time. After their botched mission due to Wynter's interference, they were now more cautious.
"Stay low and treat her kindly. We can't let her doubt us again," Colby instructed.
As the group observed Wynter arrive on schedule, they believed they had the right person. After all, her face looked just the same.
The driver rolled down the window and waved at Wynter. "Over here, Ms. Linden."
Wynter lifted her gaze toward the voice. As expected, it belonged to someone familiar. She grabbed her bag and walked over to the car.
"Nice seeing you again, Ms. Linden. Shall we be off?" Colby greeted her with a smile. He anticipated that things wouldn't go smoothly, but Wynter simply opened the car door and slid into the backseat.
The men stared at Wynter dumbfoundedly. Their orders were to bring Eliana to the designated location, with permission to use force when needed while staying clear of surveillance cameras. Before they could take any action, Wynter had settled comfortably in the car.
Wynter gazed at the men and asked, "Are you hungry, sir? There's a cafe just across the street, and their food is amazing! Would you like to stop by?"
She inquired tentatively as if she was frightened, though she appeared ready to lead the men to the cafe. Seeing that, Colby quickly let out a laugh. "You're very kind, Ms. Linden, but we're on duty. We were probably zoning out for a moment. Let's get going. Remember to put on your seat belt!"
Convinced by Wynter's portrayal of an impecunious student, the men dismissed any lingering suspicions. They swiftly drove away from the surveillance cameras and headed toward the designated location, believing that Wynter wouldn't be able to call for help.
Little did they know that they had picked up the devil itself instead of a poor student.
Inside the house, Eliana watched as the car drove away. She clasped her hands and offered a heartfelt prayer.
At that moment, two figures emerged from a hidden corner. One of them reported, "Boss is on the move, so we should get going, too. L has analyzed the information and pinpointed the location from the photo-it's a milkshake store in Ravenshire.
"I'll head over there while you take the southwest route with the Linden family. There's a hidden path there."
The other individual patted the former's head and said, "Stop trying to boss me around. Just keep an eye on the GPS, and don't do anything rash. Let's see where they're taking the boss."
With that, the second individual pushed their cart into an alley and changed their clothes. They set off down the darker path to scout for blind spots.
Since "Eliana" had been taken away, the apartment was left with minimum supervision.
Meanwhile, the real Eliana remained hidden at home and urged her grandparents to avoid speaking to anyone. Although Anson and Agnes were confused, they could sense the situation's seriousness from Eliana's expression. Both Anson and Agnes complied with her instructions. When they took a different path, they realized that someone was tailing them. Fortunately, the tailing stopped once they returned home.
The time spent waiting was truly agonizing. Eliana had no idea where Wynter was taken, and she felt torn about whether to file a report.
Just then, there was a knock on her window. Elmer stood under the tree outside and said, "I've been sent by the boss to escort you to Kingbourne."
###chapter1597
Chapter 1597 Thank You for Helping Us
Eliana hurriedly opened her window. "Did Ms. Wynter send you? She just left. Will she be in danger? I'm so worried. Should I call the police? I won't be able to sleep well if something happens to her."
Elmer replied calmly, "Calling the police might attract the wrong kind of attention. Besides, my boss is amazing, so there's nothing she can't resolve. She has her own plans. Right now, we need to get you and your family to Kingbourne. You should be treated at Empathy Clinic."
His admiration for Wynter was evident in his tone.
"Pack your things and come with me," Elmer instructed.
Having surveyed the area, he confirmed that they wouldn't be caught. Those supervising the apartment would only assume the elderly couple was simply collecting bottles and preparing meals at home before heading out in the afternoon.
Getting the Lindens to Kingbourne was Elmer's top priority. Without wasting any time, he helped the elders pick up their luggage.
However, Anson remained skeptical due to the recent rise of fraud gangs. Indeed, it was always wise to stay cautious. In response to Anson's concern, Elmer calmly showed his license. But when Anson still hesitated, Eliana grew anxious.
Eliana understood that their time was precious, especially considering that Wynter had risked venturing into the lion's den alone.
Determined not to delay any longer, Eliana knelt and gazed into her grandparents' eyes. "There's something I need to tell you two, but I'm not sure how to begin.
"The truth is that the scholarship program initiated by the school is a scam, and so is the exchange student program. Perhaps, there's some truth to it, but I doubt it applies to me.
"Think about it why hasn't Penelope contacted Mr. Sawyer or anyone else? Has she really become haughty after going abroad, as the rumors suggest? Outsiders might think that way, but Penelope is the kindest person I've ever known, Grandpa."
She continued, "Penelope woke up early every day to help her father sell hot dogs. She always looked out for me and once mentioned that her biggest dream was to provide a better life for Mr. Sawyer.
"Instead of tirelessly pushing his cart around or getting chased away, she wanted to open a store for him. I feel the same way—I study hard in hopes of creating a better life for both of you.
"Something must've happened to Penelope that prevented her from returning, and the scholarship program is a cover-up for the truth!"
Eliana honestly disclosed, "Ms. Wynter, who came to visit, has gone to that dangerous place in my stead, and I have no idea what awaits her. Everything she did was to keep us safe, Grandpa. If you have any questions, we'll discuss them at the station later, alright?"
As they aged, most elders often struggled to accept new ideas. However, they could always sense genuine compassion when they encountered it.
When Anson and Agnes heard Eliana's revelation, their eyes reddened. Despite their difficult lives, they had lived long enough to grasp the weight of her words. At that point, they set aside their doubts and heeded Eliana's advice.
As they expressed their gratitude to Elmer, they couldn't shake their concern for Wynter. Upon reaching Hawford South Station, the elderly couple anxiously inquired, "Will that young lady be in danger?"
Recognizing their worry for Wynter, Elmer assured them that she would be fine.
"Thank you so much, young man. We truly appreciate your help," Anson said, trembling as he grabbed Elmer's hands.
###chapter1598
Chapter 1598 A Loving Father's Struggles
Only those who walked among the masses would understand the world's cruelty. Burdened by poverty, Anson had often faced disdain from others.
For those as destitute as he was, it was even unlikely that anyone would notice their passing in their home, let alone offer assistance without expecting something in return.
If something were to happen to Eliana, Anson doubted that risking his and Agnes' lives would bring her back. The Sawyer family's plight was a prime example-Jeremiah Sawyer had given up selling hot dogs in search of his missing daughter.
Anson once accompanied Jeremiah to the school to inquire about Penelope's whereabouts, yet they were met with a cruel reply.
"So, your daughter went out and refused to acknowledge you as your father. What does that have to do with us? You peasants better know your place! Without us, your chances of going abroad are nothing but a dream! What a filthy bunch!"
Anson and Jeremiah stood speechless, completely at a loss. Despite Jeremiah's desperate pleas, they were still removed from the school. Anson vividly recalled how Jeremiah's eyes reddened, though he couldn't tell if it was from joy or sorrow.
"It might be best if she doesn't return. At least she could earn a living out there. There's not much she can do back here, so she's probably doing well. Don't you think, Mr. Linden?" Jeremiah mused aloud.
Anson nodded in agreement, sharing the same realization.
Given their circumstances, they knew all too well that there was no reason for the children to return home if they were thriving elsewhere.
However, anyone could see Jeremiah grew dejected after that day. There were moments when he would simply stare into space.
Already struggling with physical challenges, he not only miscalculated his accounts but also faced a substantial fine after being caught by the vendor inspector.
Those who encountered Jeremiah often urged him to stop waiting for Penelope, insisting that she had abandoned her home. Anson couldn't imagine how he and Agnes would manage if they were in Jeremiah's position.
Anson and Agnes would have no qualms if Eliana chose not to return after finding a better life for herself. However, they feared being deceived into believing that Eliana had disdainfully forsaken them after experiencing the world when, in reality, she might be struggling just to survive.
As tears welled up in his eyes, Anson grabbed Elmer's hand and pleaded, "Can you help track down the Sawyers' daughter? If you think it's too much trouble..."
"It's not. Boss didn't go there just to investigate-she's also trying to save the victims," Elmer replied nervously. He felt somewhat awkward in the face of such heartfelt moments.
Hearing that, Anson lifted his head and exclaimed, "Your boss is that young lady!"
When Elmer nodded affirmatively, Anson felt his hands tremble.
No one had been willing to help them. With each passing day, they felt increasingly diminished and unworthy to seek help for their poverty. Yet, here were the individuals who appeared to save them.
Anson continued to express his gratitude. Though Agnes had been quiet, she began to see the light and shoved all the money they had saved into Elmer's hands.
"You don't have to do this," Elmer stammered, clearly unsure how to respond to such kindness. With no other option, he remembered Wynter's advice and gave a salute in an empty corner.
Upon witnessing his upright gesture, Anson and Agnes suddenly grasped the truth. In the land of Cascadia, the older generations had always placed their unwavering faith in their warriors.
At that point, Eliana also realized that Wynter, who had been scorned online, carried more secrets than she knew.
###chapter1599
Chapter 1599 It's Right in the Village
Those shouldering the burden of protection didn't seem to mind how the world viewed them. After all, they were more committed to nobler ideals.
Just as Anson had noted, the Lindens never anticipated anyone would come to help people like them without hesitation or expectation of rewards. If such individuals did exist, they could only be soldiers dedicated to safeguarding the citizens.
As the train to Kingbourne departed, Wynter remained seated in the black SUV. Her eyes were closed, as if she were asleep.
One of the men glanced her way and patted her shoulder. When she didn't respond, he whispered doubtfully, "Mr. Leblanc, I can't shake the feeling that this girl is different from the one we last saw. Do you think she might have motion sickness?"
Colby shared his suspicions. Clutching the photo in his hands, he glanced over and suggested, "Maybe it's because this is the second time we met. She's probably figured things out on her own.
"Our mission is to bring her to the designated location, and the rest isn't our concern. Once we deliver her, we'll get paid."
Little did the men know, Wynter had been carefully listening to their conversation whilst memorizing the route they took.
Although it felt like they had traveled a great distance, they had actually taken a few turns through the city before heading toward the outskirts. They even passed the highways several times, moving cautiously. It wasn't until they reached the villa area that the car finally slowed down.
To Wynter's surprise, she recognized the area all too well. After all, the Montclair and Wray families had once schemed to have her acquire a piece of land there.
Their destination turned out to be Valen Village, Hawford's inner city where Wynter and Cedric had visited in the past. The village was relatively close to the city itself, though Wynter hadn't expected a detour would lead her there.
She rested her hand at her side. Reflecting on her past abductions, she believed that Valen Village was tied to something deeper and decided to investigate the village its surroundings and people alike.
That said, Valen Village felt far safer than Riverfield. Considering that the villagers were likely to cover for each other, there was little risk of brainwashing cases. And since the village was close to the city, any issues could be kept under control.
Wynter recalled the information she had read about Valen Village. Despite the various developments in Hawford, the village had never been demolished. Many property developers had shown interest in the area, though their attempts ultimately proved futile.
Wynter initially assumed that the Wrays and Montclairs were trying to trick her. But now, she was convinced that Valen Village harbored deeper secrets. Someone was guarding it, yet the motives behind them remained to be unearthed.
The car soon stopped in front of a villa that appeared to be a legitimate study-abroad company, known as Nexus Corporation.
Colby gently patted Wynter's shoulder and called, "Hey, wake up. We're here. We'll be waiting for you at the door. Good luck with that scholarship. You don't want to see your efforts go to waste."
Pretending to rub her eyes, Wynter replied, "Thank you, sir. I've thought things through and will definitely do my best in the interview. I need the money to treat Grandpa."
"We're glad to hear that. Don't worry, we've sent the money to your grandparents and will keep them informed," Colby assured her.
Throughout the drive, Colby had come across as thoughtful and kind. Even as people walked by, no one would find
their interaction suspicious. Wynter silently stepped out of the car and followed the men inside.
The villa was spacious and capable of accommodating hundreds of visitors. On top of that, it presented the neat and polished ambiance expected in a professional workplace.
###chapter1600
Chapter 1600 Someone Is Meddling
Once inside, Wynter noticed several other students from various schools.
Each was in the prime of their youth, and some appeared to have been brought in from the countryside. Under the impression they would be tested for language proficiency, the students were practicing their speaking skills.
Colby signaled to his subordinate, who nudged Wynter forward. "Go on. See if you can wrap up the formalities in one go."
Instead of resisting, Wynter took note of the surveillance cameras installed in every corner, even at the turning corners. It was clear they were under the mastermind's watchful eyes.
Still, Wynter couldn't help but be impressed by the company's professionalism. If she hadn't disguised as Eliana and was aware of the company's suspicious nature, she might have believed it was a typical agency for handling overseas studies formalities.
"Alright, the next student can come with me," called an HR employee.
Aside from the employees busy managing the mountain of paperwork at their desks, this HR employee resembled those in any typical corporation. With resumes in hand, she strode in heels and conversed fluently in a foreign language.
Hearing that, the students instinctively tensed up as their eyes lit up in excitement. After all, everyone yearned for the final spot for the scholarship and student exchange program. As the next student headed into the room, the previous interviewee emerged.
"So? How did it go?" one of the students asked curiously.
The interviewee shook her head. "I didn't do well. My speaking skills are still lacking-I stumbled over my words! But they did mention I have a good physique and that I can still work on my basics. They also learned that I'm a STEM student and asked me to fill out a different form."
"That's great news! You should fill out that form right away. I'll be heading in later," a young woman exclaimed as she held the interviewee's hands.
"Oh right, they also asked about your eating habits, your expectations for the institution, and your plans as an exchange student. Make sure to think your answers thoroughly regarding your interest in going abroad," the interviewee added.
The others hadn't expected such questions during the test, but they quickly grasped the reasoning behind it.
"Perhaps, they're worried we won't come back. After all, there have been cases of stowaways in the past," someone inferred.
"Well, I'm definitely coming back. Why would I stay there when I'm just going for my studies?" another stated.
At that moment, the HR employee, Melanie Johansson, returned with a stack of documents. "Is Eliana Linden here? "she asked, skipping the other candidates to address Wynter directly.
From the moment Wynter stepped into Nexus Corporation, she had noticed that it was equipped with signal jammers a tactic that felt surprisingly familiar.
She couldn't shake the suspicion that the scheme in Valen Village and the human trafficking in Riverfield might have been orchestrated by the same mastermind-or, more likely, the same organization.
Wynter had doubted that the case in Riverfield was far more than a simple abduction. It was horrifying to think that an entire village could be involved in such atrocities. Since the village was nestled within the mountains near the border, it was hard to discover their nefarious deeds.
It was a foolish belief from the past that justified the act of buying wives and children. If a son from a family failed to marry a wife, they could always buy a young woman from the outside. It seemed as if human trafficking had been a twisted norm for making money.
Though the villagers were foolish, their malice couldn't be overlooked. Ultimately, their ignorance had been
exploited for a much larger scheme.
Luck enriched lives, and it was only right for people to return the favor to nature. When a place fell into corruption, it was only a matter of time before devolving into a wasteland.
If the cases between Valen Village and Riverfield were truly connected, it would explain the children's disappearances.
Wynter narrowed her eyes, realizing that she hadn't managed to eradicate all remnants back then. "Ms. Eliana Linden?" Melanie called out again with furrowed brows. Finally, Wynter stood up to respond.
[
###chapter1601
Chapter 1601 A Perfect Arrangement
Melanie glanced over and chided Wynter in a haughty tone, "I've called you twice. Please pay attention next time. You can't behave like this during the interview. Otherwise, you might face issues in completing the formalities." As the other students listened in, their trust in the company grew, and their wariness began to fade.
Wynter noted their reaction as she approached Melanie, who silently sized her up before glancing at the red icon on the documents. Striding in her heels, Melanie led Wynter into the deepest room.
Wynter was aware that she had been targeted. There had been other students before her, yet Melanie called her out as soon as she arrived.
Inside the room was a middle-aged man, who gestured to Wynter to sit. He studied her and casually inquired, "Ms. Linden, are you able to adjust to foreign cuisines? What are your expectations for the institution or your plans as an exchange student?"
After posing those questions, the interviewer took a sip of his coffee.
With eagerness shining on her face, Wynter replied, "I believe I can adjust well to foreign cuisines. I'm also willing to work hard. Ideally, I hope to be admitted to the top institution to boost my grades. That way, I can secure better job opportunities and afford my grandpa's treatment fee."
Despite Wynter's enthusiastic response, the interviewer regarded her with a hint of disdain. He had heard similar answers from previous candidates, which only deepened his contempt for what he considered peasants.
But since the higher-ups had specifically named "Eliana Linden", the interviewer had to tactfully retain her.
He continued asking, "You're the only one who can realize those dreams you mentioned. Here's my last question how much do you long for life abroad? Do you think you will return?"
Drawing from the praises she had read online about life overseas, Wynter swiftly replied, "I'm truly fascinated by life abroad. Setting aside everything else, the fresh air and beautiful people are reason enough! How I wish I could stay there forever!"
The interviewer flashed a smile and stated, "Very well. Congratulations on passing the interview, Ms. Linden. You can take a rest in the lounge to your left while you wait for the upcoming retest."
Wynter thanked him and timidly exited the room. As the interviewer observed her apparent ignorance, he felt more assured. Once the door closed behind Wynter, he nodded toward the surveillance camera above, signaling to proceed to the next phase.
From the outside, Nexus Corporation appeared completely ordinary. No one would have foreseen the malicious scheme taking place right under their nose.
To the public, shady companies often set up shop in unmanaged locations. In truth, companies that were involved in online scams, insurance fraud, or counterfeit medications were typically established in urban areas, where they could easily ensnare their victims.
On top of that, Wynter had discovered detection devices as soon as she arrived in Valen Village. Though she once visited the village before, her previous focus had been primarily on the western land. As she was unaware of the other areas, she failed to discover the detection devices.
If she hadn't quickly thrown her GPS out of the window just as the men opened it to smoke, she wouldn't have had the chance to cross the border.
###chapter1602
Chapter 1602 Hand Over Your Phones
Valen Village served as the perfect cover for the company. Even if someone were to investigate, they would only reach the outskirts. No one would suspect anything amiss inside the company, let alone find concrete evidence.
On the surface, Nexus Corporation appeared entirely legitimate. Besides handling students' overseas formalities, the company was also involved in various international services such as travel visas and work permits.
They even possessed detailed information about foreign institutions and boarding arrangements, including some that were affiliated with prestigious institutions. It seemed that the company's backer was a force to be reckoned with.
Wynter quickly gathered the information for fear that her phone would soon be confiscated. Just as she was about to head to the lounge, Melanie suddenly appeared.
"Ms. Linden, you will be interviewed in two different languages. As per our confidentiality protocols, we will need to confiscate your phone. It will be returned to you once the result is out," Melanie stated.
Though her reasoning was valid, Wynter still showed hesitation-a perfect reflection of her current persona.
Seeing Wynter's apprehension, Melanie swiftly assured her, "You can switch off your phone before handing it over. Rest assured, we won't pry into its contents."
Her words weren't only meant for Wynter but also the other four students presented. In an age when phones were indispensable, many kept their personal secrets within.
Given safety concerns, one wouldn't simply give away their phones. But considering that Nexus Corporation was a major entity, such a request was likely a standard part of their protocols.
As the students turned in their phones, Wynter passed off a worn-out phone as "hers".
After collecting the phones, Melanie flashed a smile. "Alright then, feel free to enjoy some afternoon tea in the lounges. The second interview will begin in half an hour."
No one spoke while Melanie was around. As soon as she left, the four students turned to Wynter, who was the last to join. "Hey, did you pass the interview?"
When Wynter gave an affirmative nod, one of the students stated, "We passed, too! It seems like only those who did are allowed to rest here."
"There were so many candidates, but I think we're the only ones who got through," another deduced.
"That seems to be it. Let's grab a seat and chat a bit. The lady mentioned there were snacks, and honestly, I'm already hungry." Someone sighed.
The others agreed as they had been waiting since midnight—some were even picked up from their homes the previous night. They were too anxious to drink or eat before, and now they felt the hunger set in.
Still, Wynter couldn't help feeling something was amiss. Among the many candidates, only a select few had made it through the interview. Wynter proceeded to inquire the students about their ages and birthdays, only to discover they were all similar to Eliana's.
If the criteria for passing the first interview depended on their birthdays, what could the second interview entail? Unfortunately, the other students didn't share Wynter's worries. When they caught sight of the lounge, their eyes lit up in excitement. "Is this the spot where people at big corporations take their afternoon tea? It's gorgeous!" Featuring large floor-to-ceiling windows, the lounge certainly radiated a welcoming ambiance. A coffee machine stood on the table alongside an array of desserts. There were even sandwiches and milkshakes, all for weary guests to enjoy.
###chapter1603
Chapter 1603 The Weird Woman
No young ladies could resist such a lovely lounge, especially with the chairs outfitted with comfy cushions.
Decorated predominantly in pink hues, the lounge resembled a whimsical tea party fit for princesses. The vibrant flower bouquets added to the charm, making the food on the table seem more appetizing.
Corporate workers knew that not every company boasted such a delightful environment. Even those with lounges lacked the charm found in Nexus Corporation unless they were specifically associated with the entertainment
sector.
However, the inexperienced students had no such knowledge. What they had only dreamed of was now right before their eyes, so it was only natural for them to be in awe.
One student, Camila Diez, rushed in gleefully and turned back to her peers. "This is exactly what I saw on TV! I want to work in a place like this when I grow up!" she exclaimed.
The others shared the same aspiration, though a sense of apprehension lingered beneath their excitement.
"Can we really eat all these?" one questioned worriedly.
"The lady said we could," came an assurance.
With that, the students shed their hesitations and took their seats. Upon noticing Wynter standing there, Camila grabbed her hand excitedly. "Come on, take a seat! We still have half an hour to wait. Let's chat a bit."
"That's right. Let's talk about how each of us got chosen," another student, Juniper Rhodes, suggested. She took an eager bite of her cake as her hunger took over.
Beside her, Brielle Charton shook her head and said, "I have no idea. They just told me to come, so here I am." "Aren't we selected based on our grades? Only the top students should be here, right?" Camila inquired.
"Definitely not. I come from an average class," Juniper countered.
"So, what's the basis for our selection, then?" Brielle asked in confusion.
"Whatever it is, we're simply lucky to be here!" Juniper declared.
The three young women engaged in a lively conversation, their faces glowing with excitement. However, one student, Elsie Ferguson, remained silent throughout the conversation. Her expression was more one of fear than excitement.
Wynter looked at Elsie and asked, "Why haven't you said anything? Is something bothering you?"
Raising her head, Elsie glanced around the room before inquiring, "I got here before you all, and something has me concerned. Can you help me figure it out?"
The young women agreed and gave Elsie their full attention. Lowering her voice, Elsie shared, "Something strange happened before you arrived. One of the employees suddenly flipped out and told us to leave. She seemed really panicked."
Camila was puzzled by her words. "She told you to leave? What does that mean?"
"Exactly! I feel like she thought we might be in danger. Do you think something's wrong with this company?" Elsie wondered aloud.
"That can't be. If there was a problem, our schools wouldn't have sent us here," Juniper countered.
"But it's so weird. The questions they asked during the interview felt off. It was like the interviewer wasn't from Cascadia," Elsie pressed on doubtfully.
"Girl, we're going to be exchange students. Of course, they'll ask those kinds of questions." Brielle scoffed. "Well, I guess I've been overthinking things." Elsie sighed.
Just then, the door suddenly swung open, and a woman with disheveled hair and stained work clothes barged in.
Her eyes widened as she spotted the desserts on the table. "Didn't I tell you to leave? Why are you still here? Are you..."
Before she could finish her words, a shout erupted. "Over there! She must be there! That crazy woman is wreaking havoc!"
Someone replied, "No need to look any further. The cameras show she's in the lounge."
Indeed, there was no need for further searching since the pursuers were storming in.
The panic and fear etched on the woman's face was palpable. When she realized that the lounge was also under surveillance, she closed her eyes in despair.
Even so, she continued to urge the young women, "Don't stay here! You need to leave now! Don't pass the first interview. As long as you fail..."
###chapter1604
Chapter 1604 The Lounge
With a bang, the woman's words were interrupted.
It wasn't just Melanie who came in. A distinguished-looking man, Edward Masons, followed her. He was wearing a white coat and gold-rimmed glasses.
"Ms. Johansson, this employee isn't suitable for work given her current mental state. You should let her go. I fear that she might hurt people," he said.
"Sure, Dr. Masons. I'll go with your advice." Melanie seemed conflicted. "Please handle this gently--we're still colleagues, after all. We wouldn't want to ruin the company's reputation."
"Alright."
After that, security guards rushed in and forcefully dragged the woman out.
Melanie turned to the students, looking apologetic but saying casually, "I'm so sorry-none of us expected her to show up here. She used to work in Human Resources, too.
"After some things happened at home, she's been acting like this. She'd come in and tell the students nonsense, things like 'leave now' or 'don't come back.' It's been a real headache for us."
The students were skeptical, mainly because they were still terrified.
Melanie consoled them, saying, "Relax this won't happen again. Just calm down and focus on your preparations. Don't let this affect your next round of interviews, alright?"
"Don't worry, Ms. Johansson. We'll do our best!" Camila shouted.
Elsie, on the other hand, visibly tensed up. She recognized the woman from earlier that morning.
Just as she was still scared, another realization dawned on her. Everything happening in the lounge wouldn't go unnoticed-they were monitored.
So, when someone else asked her again, she simply shook her head and glanced at the surveillance cameras. Seeing her behave this way, Juniper muttered, "If you're that scared, why bother being an exchange student? Just listen to her and leave, then no one's stopping you. You're freaking us out, too."
Elsie indeed wanted to leave. Yet, like Eliana, she had someone to take care of at home. She couldn't just pass up this incredible opportunity.
She had heard how many students were sponsored to enter prestigious universities, which landed them great jobs later on. She wanted to be like them, too—she didn't want her father to worry anymore.
"I didn't say I want to leave. I just feel that something's off. Who exactly was that woman?"
"Why are you so curious about her? Eat up. The lady just now said that there'll be another round of interviews. That wouldn't even be the final one-more eliminations will come."
Even so, Elsie still couldn't put her mind at ease.
The five of them sat still in their seats. What happened just now would easily make anyone overthink. Yet, thinking of their future ahead of them, that uneasy feeling was nothing much.
Elsie noticed that only "Eliana" seemed oddly calm. Staying silent, she was gazing intently at a corner of the lounge.
Elsie approached her and asked, "You find this strange too, don't you?"
Knowing they were being monitored, Wynter could only put on an act. "Strange? Nope. Hasn't that lady already told us? It was just her colleague acting up."
"I thought you'd be on my side," Elsie muttered. "Look-you've eaten nothing at all."
Hearing Elsie's words, Wynter realized something. She quickly picked up a glass of fruit juice. "I'm just not
hungry. I'll see how it goes after the second interview."
"Alright, then."
Just as they were talking, there was a loud thud.
Out of the blue, Camila fainted, her head hitting the table as she collapsed. Juniper and Brielle soon followed.
###chapter1605
Chapter 1605 Ominous Place
"What's going on?" Elsie glanced across the table.
Seeing this, Wynter immediately placed a hand on her forehead. As though she was succumbing to the sudden drug effects, she collapsed on the table, too.
Only then did Elsie narrow her eyes, revealing her true identity. She wasn't a selected candidate at all-she was also one of Nexus Corporation's staff. She had to put up such an act today because of the disheveled woman just now.
"I've told you many times to keep an eye on her. Since you can't, I'll just have to let them sleep for a bit."
As Elsie spoke, Melanie came back in with a flattering smile. "You always know what to do."
"Check their phones and see who's been contacting their parents before coming here. Make sure to check the chat logs thoroughly-don't leave out anything this time."
Elsie's actions were swift. It was clear that she was no stranger to human trafficking.
As she spoke, the lounge transformed, revealing a full set of electronic devices. There were signal jammers, network disruptors, and surveillance screens.
At that moment, Wynter lay motionless on the table, as if she were truly unconscious.
No one would suspect the students anyway. The employees were used to handling the monthly batch of captives. What would these students even know?
As the most vigilant among them, Elsie patted Wynter's face with a folder. "Is this that rare find? She wasn't eating anything earlier, and I thought she was onto us.
"Who knew she'd ended up picking the juice with the strongest dose? Not bad-she's saving us a lot of trouble."
"What about the rest? How should we handle them?" Melanie asked.
Elsie glanced at the surveillance cameras. "Keep the suitable ones. Give the others a checkup and take photos of them. Send them to our clients and see if they're interested.
"If not, they're in luck. They'll get to study abroad with their scholarships. We need people to maintain our reputation, after all."
In other words, some had their wishes granted indeed-they got to receive scholarships and pursue their studies overseas. Yet, these weren't done by Nexus Corporation out of goodwill. It was to cover up their shady crimes.
There were still a dozen girls outside, but the drugged ones were at risk the most here. Where would they end up being sent to?
Wynter's mind raced she had to be faster and get a hold of their next step. From the moment she stepped into the lounge, she knew that the "second round of interviews" was nonexistent.
She held her sugilite pendant firmly. Other than her phone strapped to her thigh, this was the only thing that belonged to her.
Given the current situation, Wynter would be exposed if she turned her phone on. She summoned Leo without hesitation.
As soon as Leo emerged, he said, "Master, something's wrong here-my aura's being suppressed. This place is too dangerous. You have to leave now!"
This was the first time he had felt fear. Standing beside Wynter, his face had gone pale. "Such terrifying power..." Non-cultivators were unable to see resentful wraiths. Those monitoring the surveillance cameras merely felt a
chill.
Even Elsie frowned, instructing, "Turn down the air conditioning. Quick, get Dr. Masons to check up on the four, especially the rare find. Make sure she's perfectly untainted."
###chapter1606
Chapter 1606 Wynter is in Danger
"Understood." The person responsible for cleaning up the aftermath restored the scene to its original appearance, as though it was just a simple break room.
Leo watched as Wynter was carried off, his tiny legs anxiously pacing in place.
Wyner didn't speak aloud. Instead, she used telepathy to tell Leo, "Go find Wolf. He's that older guy you're all scared of. Tell him my location, and he'll bring people to help."
Leo froze momentarily at the mention of Wolf. He was indeed afraid of him, but he also knew he couldn't leave Wynter in trouble.
Still, as he descended deeper, he noticed that the pressure weighing on him grew heavier with every step. It was as if his resentment was being drained away. This place was too strange and ominous!
If his resentment could be sapped, could this mean that Wynter's spiritual energy was also useless here?
The thought made Leo's face pale. He couldn't delay any longer and had to follow Wynter's instructions. In such a situation, only an Ancient Beast could find a solution!
Meanwhile, the Special Unit lost the signal as they followed the trail to the inner city.
The team members exchanged glances, understanding that they couldn't recklessly enter this village. Thankfully, they had prepared ahead and disguised themselves as college students with backpacks, appearing as though they were simply looking for a place to pitch their tents.
Valen Village had lived in peace for a long time.
Whether good or bad, human nature required nurturing. For instance, Valen Village's people weren't particularly malicious, but sincerity wasn't their strong suit, either. After all, people were motivated by profit, and there was no wrong in that logic.
The townsfolk had been told to keep an eye on outsiders from the city-anyone other than developers deserved suspicion. They didn't understand exactly why, but with the right incentives, who wouldn't do this kind of work?
Anyone entering Valen Village wouldn't notice anything unusual. The main impression was that it would be difficult to relocate the residents and that they were too shrewd, always angling for a better deal. But no one knew whatever that lay deeper beneath the surface.
Now that the Special Unit had lost their lead, they weren't foolish enough to wander around aimlessly. After all, that would attract too much attention.
As soon as they stepped into Valen Village, a local approached them. "What are you guys doing here?"
"Uh, we came to camp. We read online that you can see the stars here." It was a plausible excuse. After all, this was a rural area with high elevation.
The villager waved his hand dismissively. "This is my land. Who said you can just camp here whenever you like?" "Then... would it be possible for us to rent your place?" Camping was just an excuse. They needed a legitimate reason to stay in town.
The villager smiled as he heard that. Just as he was about to agree, a voice suddenly called out from nearby, "No, you can't. No stargazing here."
The villager seemned wary of the newcomer and quickly said, "You heard him. It's time to go. This isn't a place for you to be watching the stars."
With that warning, staying any longer would only blow their cover. The team exchanged glances and, while packing up, made sure to record footage of the interaction. The recording had no sound, and the newcomer remained unaware.
The newcomer looked over at the villager and said quietly, "Didn't I tell you that this is a critical time? No outsiders should be here now."
The villager took a step back before stuttering, "Y-Yes.... I was careless..."
Valen Village was difficult to infiltrate. But if they didn't get inside, what would happen if Wynter lost their support?
###chapter1607
Chapter 1607 Dalton Yarwood
Wynter's current condition wasn't too bad, but it wouldn't stay that way for too long since Edward had entered the
room.
The unconscious girls were all required to go through medical checkups.
As soon as Wynter was carried in, the familiar scent of antiseptics reached her nose. She opened her eyes slightly. Though her visions were blurry, her familiarity with medical equipment allowed her to accurately predict what she would face soon.
"Dr. Masons, should we draw blood or do a full-body scan first?" the person carrying Wynter in asked.
Edward, dressed in a lab coat, glanced at her. "Check all the major organs first. Make sure there's no underlying disease."
"A student this age doesn't need all that, right?"
Edward smirked coldly. "How certain are you that she has never had an abortion? You never know with high schoolers these days"
"She's a high-value 'good.' Here are her documents. She should be clean."
Edward ignored the documents. The responsibility would be on him if anything happened to the "goods". He had promised that he would check them meticulously.
"The drugs in their system will dilute soon. Get them ready. We'll start with the first two who were brought in," Edward instructed.
Wynter could hear the voices close by. She purposely adjusted her breathing when Edward took out the stethoscope.
They were clearly interested in her physical condition. More than that, they seemed especially concerned about her purity.
Since being brought in, Wynter had been calculating the time carefully.
The good news was that her captors needed them alive. At least, that was what their wealthy backers preferred. Hence, for now, none of the girls were in immediate danger.
The bad news was that she didn't have much time left. She had to find a way to turn the situation around!
The one having the hardest time was Leo. Asking a spirit to approach an Ancient Beast was like offering itself to a tiger and hoping not to be eaten.
But Leo didn't have the luxury to hesitate. He initially thought about finding someone who wasn't as terrified of Wolf to deliver the message, but there was no one else around!
With no other choice, he braced himself, closed his eyes, and headed straight toward the source of Wolf's energy. Others couldn't sense it, but after being by Wynter's side for so long, he knew how to locate Wolf-it only required a bit of courage to risk his life.
Sure enough, as soon as he appeared, Wolf, who'd been focused on tracking an address, stopped typing and turned his head. He extracted his sharp fangs, his usually round eyes narrowed to slits.
No one else noticed, but Dalton, who seemed to be doing nothing, directed his gaze toward them. Just as Wolf raised a claw to strike, Dalton caught his wrist before casually saying, "Do you not recognize him?"
Wolf's small face was filled with confusion. Leo wasn't exactly thrilled to see Dalton. However, the combined imposing presence was so intense that he reverted to his original form.
"My master... s-she is in danger! I'm here to ask for backup." Leo continued to stammer, "The place she's in is ominous. There's something unground draining the area's fortune. The place is also filled with surveillance cameras, so it's nearly impossible to get in."
In reality, breaking in wouldn't be difficult if they used brute force, but gathering evidence and preserving clues was the real challenge. That was why Wynter had sent Leo to notify Wolf.
Wolf's eyes darkened when he heard that Wynter was in danger. Faint traces of black mist started to emerge from him.
But just then, Dalton lightly tapped his head. The force didn't seem to affect Wolf much, but cracks formed on the floor beneath him.
Wolf roared as he lifted his head. The sound he made nearly caused Leo to faint!
###chapter1608
Chapter 1608 Saving His Fiancée
Dalton's tone remained calm. "Tell us where she is first."
Leo didn't dare meet his gaze. "Valen Village, the one Master wanted to develop. There's a company inside that supposedly handles overseas arrangements, but it's not a legitimate business. The place reeks of blood... but it didn't seem recent. It was left there from long ago."
Dalton listened with an unchanging expression, though he seemed to have recalled something. Then, he asked casually, "You said there was lots of surveillance around?"
Leo nodded urgently. "The team sent to support Master may not be able to get in."
At that, Dalton, who was about to step out, retracted his leg. He glanced toward Wolf. "Hack the entire network in Valen Village. That shouldn't be a problem for you." He had to make Wolf take action to make this sting operation
a success.
Wolf knew this was what Wynter truly wanted. Hacking the network would allow them to gather information without alerting anyone. But what about Wynter? Wolf's claws twitched, ready to move again.
Dalton grabbed the back of his collar, pulling him back. "You report to the higher-ups. I'll handle things on her end."
Wolf glanced at Dalton, then at the cracked floor beneath him, shaking his dazed head. That tap had left him slightly woozy-no one else had ever tapped him on the head without breaking their hand.
He hated it when people touched his head. Feeling disgruntled, Wolf sat up straight and placed his fingers back on the keyboard.
Dalton going wasn't necessarily a bad idea. Despite his hazy mind, Wolf always knew Dalton was no ordinary person.
"You must bring the boss back!" Wolf gestured with his fierce, tiny face.
Dalton chuckled, but his eyes held no warmth. "If she's harmed, those responsible can forget about any dreams of eternal life."
Wolf took that as a promise and refocused on his targets.
With Wynter absent, Wolf took on the commander's role. After pinpointing the target, he quickly typed out a message to the Special Unit. "Wait until I have full control of their network before you enter."
The Special Unit members' eyes lit up upon seeing the message. "Is this the location the boss sent you?"
"Yes." Wolf continued typing while searching for a point of entry. Network infiltration required time and cooperation from the Special Unit. Fortunately, the Special Unit members were sharp.
"Find a way to cut off the power while making it look normal."
Once they gained control of the network, they needed to sever the power supply. This would not only facilitate their operations but also create chaos in the village, diverting attention away from their activities. They had to gather the evidence Wynter needed!
Leo had prepared to stay with Wolf, but he hadn't anticipated attracting someone even more formidable. He was trembling, and his hands wouldn't obey him at all.
Dalton merely lifted his eyelids, his voice neither warm nor cold. "Lead the way."
As the black feathers fell, dark mist began to spread in unseen corners. Leo knew that the all-consuming black mist emanated from Dalton himself.
It seemed to be intertwined with the infinite resentful energy deep within his soul, yet weirdly enough, it also possessed a divine quality.
At that moment, Leo finally understood what the oppressive feeling he had sensed at Valen Village was! It came
from Dalton!
###chapter1609
Chapter 1609 Swallow His Soul
Meanwhile, in Nexus Corporation's underground facility, the girls lay unconscious on the operating table.
Edward meticulously examined them from head to toe with medical instruments. His examination surpassed even a hospital's full-body check.
Once he was done with two of the girls, he instructed his team to take them away. "Notify the clients that the goods are fine. Those who can't wait can come today."
Unlike a regular company, Melanie clearly had the lowest authority in the organization. She seemed to heed all of Edward's words. "Understood. But the atmosphere has been tense lately. I'm worried the higher-ups won't find it convenient to come."
"The rare goods are specifically requested by that man. With the medium present, they'll be here. Don't worry." Edward appeared unfazed as he adjusted his glasses. The instruments in his hands looked less like medical equipment and more like tools for dismemberment.
However, if one listened closely, they would notice the slightly unnatural emphasis in his speech. No matter how strong a person's learning ability, their ingrained habits couldn't be changed. Particularly the way he pronounced the ending of his words...
Wynter, with her narrowed eyes, felt her hands twitch slightly.
"Wait a moment," Edward suddenly said as he turned his gaze toward Wynter.
Those with poor mental resilience would have broken character by now, but Wynter didn't. Her breathing remained steady, mimicking that of someone who was still unconscious.
Edward approached her, lowering his gaze to examine "Eliana's" face, a clear chill emanating from him.
"She was the last one brought in. Because of her situation, one of our bases can't be used anymore. We need to be extra cautious this time. Inform Jarek to keep the villagers alert. If today's business goes smoothly, there will be benefits for him."
"Understood." Melanie acknowledged the command and left.
Edward continued to gaze at "Eliana" as he spoke. "Compared to our master, you still fall short. But it has to be this way. If it weren't for Wynter ruining our plans Kingbourne, we wouldn't have needed you.
"Once you're six feet under, blame her for your grievances. It's unfortunate for such a horoscope to be wasted on someone lowly like you. We might as well use you to your full potential."
Edward continued to ramble to himself, a fervent look in his eyes. "Soon, my master will welcome a new life very soon!"
He picked up a blood clamp from the side.
Wynter's hand hung at the side, already prepared for a counterattack. She couldn't afford to fight but could target one of his acupoints. As long as Edward leaned closer, she could avoid the surveillance.
Suddenly, just as Edward bent down, ready to examine Wynter, the entire room's equipment shut off! Even the large screen in the center went dark!
Edward frowned and immediately asked, addressing the people outside, "What's going on?" His tone clearly showed impatience.
"It seems there's a power outage in the town," the person who came reporting said cautiously, fearful of Edward's outrage.
Edward's gaze went cold. "Power outage? This isn't some remote area. The city center is just to the south. How could there be a power outage?"
It was clear that he would not be easily fooled. Filled with suspicion, he ordered, "Go check what's happening. Prepare to withdraw if there's a problem."
At that moment, Melanie hurried in. "It is indeed a power outage. Recently, the Quinnell family acquired some land to the south. Someone from above came down to conduct a line inspection, eliminating some hazards before construction. That's why the power has been cut."
"Are you sure?" Edward narrowed his eyes, sensing that things were not that simple.
Melanie turned on her phone. "Here's a video sent by the villagers."
From the footage, it was clear that the demolition office was doing planning work. If someone from above was involved, it had to be on a large scale. Furthermore, considering safety factors, a power outage was normal.
"The Quinnell family really knows how to stir up trouble." Edward clenched his fists, his tone icy. "It seems she hasn't suffered enough from the online insults.
"Inform Mr. Monty to urge the Waldron family to apply more pressure. Tell them that Wynter must not be allowed to escape! I want to see her fall from grace!"
"Understood!" The person beside him sprung to action.
Lying on the medical bed, Wynter showed no signs of panic. Her mind had been racing since earlier. It was clear that Edward knew her, yet she had never seen him before.
She pondered why he harbored such hatred toward her, wishing for her to remain in jail. It felt somewhat personal, like a desire for revenge. After all, she had indeed sent many people locked behind bars.
But who had she wronged in Kingbourne? The first was Shane, who had betrayed her family, and the other was Declan, a beneficiary of the Quinnell family who sought to usurp their position.
However, the orchestrator behind these actions was likely someone else, and these two didn't seem capable of taking revenge on her.
Oh, and there was also Naomi. She had always outshone Wynter in her dreams-the one who had an even better life than the Quinnell family's true heiress. But she was also the one who caused the Quinnell family to fall apart. Was she the reason why this was happening?
Unfazed, Wynter thought carefully about who Edward meant by "master".
Edward was still agitated by the unexpected power outage, feeling that things were not going his way. "Bring back everyone who's gone outside and thoroughly check every guest entering. No strangers are allowed today.
"Also, have Fredric stall the city construction people. The Whitman family is already in a precarious position- what's the rush for development?
"Keep an eye on the Chamber of Commerce and tell Fredric that no matter who the chairman is, our people must be able to get in."
"Understood." Melanie took notes, not daring to delay his instructions any longer. "We've just sent out messages, and there have been responses.
"Many guests are eager to come since they've been waiting for this for a long time, especially since the master desperately needs goods to stabilize his condition.
"But the villagers say the power won't be back for a while, not until around 7:00 pm. Should we change the date?" Their guests were all VIPs who wouldn't reveal their identities in public. Due to the recent matters involving the Wray and Montclair families, they hadn't held any rituals in quite some time.
Edward was also concerned. After all, people needed constant indoctrination.
He had to ensure these individuals kept receiving benefits and became obsessed with them. Only through that way could they manipulate their wealth and power to achieve their grand plans! Therefore, they couldn't afford any
delays.
"Follow me. We need to activate the backup power system," he said to a bodyguard, who nodded and quickly followed.
"The rest of you, get back to work. As for those students outside with no value, send two or three away immediately to the airport. See how tight-lipped they are and choose based on those criteria. Is that clear?" Edward continued to instruct.
Melanie followed him as she replied, "Yes. The ones who dream of going abroad are generally safer."
"Cascadians... they seem so poorly educated. None of them understand what it means to be pragmatic. Thankfully, there are one or two suitable candidates for our training. Now go," Edward commanded.
"Yes."
Wynter opened her eyes slightly just as the door closed. The guards were stationed outside, and she was alone in the room. Everyone assumed that the amount sedation given to these students would keep them out cold for a while longer.
But there was always an anomaly, and right now, that anomaly was Wynter.
She sat up, noting the pitch-dark room devoid of any light. No one understood the Special Unit's investigative methods better than she did.
Others might think the power outage was merely routine maintenance, but as their leader, she could sense it was anything but ordinary. It was clear the tearn was supporting her.
It seemed that Leo had successfully delivered the message. Hence, Wynter deduced that Wolf must have used the brief outage window to infiltrate the town's network. Wynter understood Wolf's techniques better than anyone.
Currently, Wolf had likely gained complete control of the town's network, including the records of this shady" certified company". Once the power came back, he would control what the cameras captured, dictating every image and angle.
In reality, Wynter had initially planned knock out Edward immediately, but something about his conversation made her reconsider.
She realized she had never been this close to unraveling the mystery. She was determined to capture this so-called doctor. Furthermore, she also needed to find out who these "clients" were.
Wynter surveyed her surroundings. The room was packed with high-end medical equipment, each piece more ominous than the last, with a lingering metallic smell of blood.
Her eyes darkened as she recalled some disturbing files deranged staff, abnormal alliances...
Without further hesitation, she texted Wolf. "Hold your positions and don't enter. Station men at the town's four entrances, including the highway access.
"Avoid disguising as traffic cops to prevent suspicion. Track every car's license plate, especially the luxury ones, and we'll close the net tonight."
Receiving the directive, Wolf quickly notified the Special Unit and Dalton, who had been ready to destroy the company, with a message broadcast. "Boss just ordered us to stay put and locate her device. We're moving tonight
for a full sweep."
with these new instructions, the Special Unit held back, stationed just outside the village.
Meanwhile, the town's power technicians were genuinely from the construction bureau. Their orders to maintain an outage until nightfall left them puzzled, but they accepted it without question.
After all, this land was marked for development, so a thorough inspection of nearby town infrastructure seemed
plausible.
But Dalton, upon receiving the information, continued to walk calmly along his own path, though he changed his method, ensuring that he was unseen by others.
Many of the unborn souls who had just emerged from the underworld caught a whiff of him and began to stir,
drawn to the enticing scent of his purple aura.
"This human smells delicious!"
"will my powers skyrocket if I swallow his soul whole?"
"Imagine the blessings his ancestors must have racked up for him to carry this aura! I hated such people when I
was still alive!"
"How about we feast together?"
"If you break the rules this soon after emerging, the reapers will have all of you captured. No one will be able to
escape by then."
"Oh, please! The reapers are too busy to care. Plus, I doubt they dare step on this land."
"Well, then, what are we waiting for? It is his honor to be eaten by us!"
As a resentful infant, Leo could hear the unborn soul's muttering. By logic, they should be able to sense Dalton's unusual power, so why were they being so reckless? Leo wondered if this was some bizarre rush to deliver themselves like a takeaway.
Leo was also part of an evil spirit, hence, the unborn souls could see him as well. However, they didn't think Dalton
could see them.
They were still hatching a plan. "Hey, you! That resentful baby. I've heard about souls like you. How about we
share this living soul? We'll even toss in something extra for you."
Leo wanted to tell those fools to not drag him into this!
Before he could open his mouth, an evil spirit oozing with sticky, bloody essence-a sign it had consumed many souls-moved close and sneered. "You're not clinging to him, you resentful infant. That soul's not yours. Move aside, or I'll eat you, too!"
Leo hurriedly stepped aside. "Go ahead. Let's see how you will swallow him whole."
He thought to himself that these weird-looking creatures were foolish to stop Dalton from saving Wynter! Still, Leo had also noticed that these evil spirits were unusually potent. They seemed to have accumulated many
other things, absorbing the world's most extreme evils. It was as though something deep within the land was nourishing them.
One fully formed evil spirit was enraged by Leo's remarks and lunged forward.
But just as it raised his claws, Dalton merely lifted his gaze before his suit began to shift, morphing into an ancient
red robe, the color as rich and deep as blood. Black feathers started to fall around him, and an overwhelming energy spread out like a storm
The attacking spirit didn't even understand what happened before it combusted spontaneously. Its face twisted in
agony as it turned to ashes in an instant.
The other evil spirits, dead as they were, felt pain lancing through them, as though fire was tearing them apart. This made them see Dalton in a new light.
At that moment, every evil spirit within miles vanished underground, vowing never to emerge again. The surface held something far more terrifying than the depths.
None of this was seen by the living. Only the spirits knew what had occurred.
Their lord had returned without a single sign of warning! The last time he appeared, the spirits in the underworld had suffered for over a century. This time, who on earth had angered him enough to draw him here?
As for the one who caused this upheaval, Dalton remained as elegantly composed as ever, though a hint of disdain marred his brow. He seemed annoyed by the thought of his clothes being sullied by these impure things.
As he continued forward, not only the evil spirits-even the sneaky ones didn't dare to come close.
Leo was also tortured by the backlash, his ears ringing with discomfort. He truly wondered how Wynter would react when she eventually uncovered Dalton's true identity.
Nexus Corporation's front entrance was bustled with people, with HR and staff rushing about as always.
Meanwhile, at the back entrance, a black SUV awaited, its tinted windows shielding its occupants. The students were carefully helped into the vehicle.
The driver, after settling them in, exited briefly to flip the license plate over, changing it to a different one. The vehicle then began moving swiftly in one direction.
The Special Unit's members took turns watching the vehicles leaving the village, but none appeared to exit directly
from the main road.
Meanwhile, Wolf closely tracked Wynter's position and saw her heading away from the main routes, taking a
detour.
He immediately messaged the team, "Boss is on the move, but they're using the side road. I'm sending you the updated location. Move fast and follow closely!"
###chapter1610
Chapter 1610 Tiger
Wolf's concern for Wynter had led him to act impulsively, making him vulnerable to false leads.
The location he had been tracking was actually a decoy Wynter had left behind, designed to prevent anyone from trying O monitor her movements.
In reality, the cars leaving the village were merely the usual distraction they used. It wasn't that anyone in Nexus had sensed something abnormal, it was just part of a well-rehearsed plan for them to put a few cars out at times like this.
The purpose was to divert and shift attention away from the town center in case someone from above came to investigate.
This method was thanks to Fredric working in the province. They would never have thought of it otherwise. After all, the ones most familiar with criminal investigation techniques were, of course, their insiders.
Thanks
powerful connections shielding them, it was easy to escape suspicions. As long as they used the right methods, no one would notice any suspicious activities other than the demolition project. Moreover, this project served as an ideal cover for them.
They were the safest as long as they were not found. This plan had allowed them to bypass numerous surprise inspections in the past.
The sudden power outage in town had set Edward on high alert. Paranoid by nature and meticulous in his methods, he mobilized the entire town, ensuring that every corner was active and ready to respond to potential disruptions.
For an ordinary surveillance team, his decoys and distractions could have easily gone unnoticed. And of course, Wolf, despite his skill, had allowed his emotions to cloud his judgment.
Tracking the decoy cars risked exposing their movements, just as Edward intended. His bait served a single purpose-to flush out any hidden threats.
In typical cases, a lack of movement was often a precursor to a major operation. If the Special Unit were to act on Wolf's impulsive decision, it could lead to a disaster.
Luckily, other than Wynter, the Special Unit also had an experienced criminal investigator on the team, Dahlia Carroll. She wore a pair of thick, black-rimmed glasses and looked like a character straight out of a TV show.
Normally, she appeared somewhat slow and detached, but in moments like these, she was sharp and quick.
She immediately raised her head to say, "Hold off. Based on the boss' style, she wouldn't leave without sending us a signal.
"Right now, the town's without power. The fact that she hasn't sent any updates means everything's proceeding as planned. Our job is to report the situation here. We should wait for the boss' order."
Despite his narrowed gaze, Wolf remembered Wynter's advice when he first joined. She had always told him to ask Dahlia when in doubt. This meant that if Wynter wasn't around, uncertain decisions would be left to Dahlia to make.
"I've analyzed the opposition's approach. This is an organized, highly intelligent group. For Valen Village to stay unnoticed all these years and for Nexus Corporation's records to be this airtight shows that they have strong evidence-covering and counter-surveillance skills.
"The cars may seem like they're leaving in random order, but they're actually following two distinct routes. I suspect they're very familiar with us, and this is a baiting tactic. We can't lose our cool right now." Dahlia adjusted her thick glasses.
She was speaking a lot, intending to calm Wolf down. After all, if Wolf really lost it, he could tear the place down, and only Wynter could truly restrain him. With Wynter's safety on the line, he was understandably on edge. Wolf could barely hold still, feeling an urge to smash something. But since the message had emphasized that he
should cooperate with the operation, he reluctantly lowered his ears, keeping a fierce look on his face.
He narrowed his eyes and placed his feet down. Nothing seemed to have changed on the surface, but something stirred underground.
The evil spirits who had emerged from the ground and shrunk back after the encounter with Dalton were now glancing at one another. They instantly realized that this place, once rich with the malicious energy to nourish them, no longer felt as hospitable for their survival.
If they weren't mistaken, they had just sensed an Ancient Beast's presence. They couldn't believe Ancient Beasts still existed at this age. They thought these creatures had long been suppressed by Heavenly Luck
Legends said they'd been torn apart, some leaving only skeletons buried in icy wildernesses, while others vanished without a trace. Their existence was only a myth now. But now, here it was. Had an Ancient Beast awakened?
The evil spirits instinctively retreated. Though they couldn't identify which Ancient Beast had reawakened, they knew that whichever it was could devour them all in a single bite!
The evil spirits could sense the danger in the underworld. However, on the surface, everything remained calm and peaceful.
By early evening, villagers were starting to return from their jobs in the city. The influx of cars blended in with the typical rush-hour traffic, making it impossible to distinguish which vehicles might hold any real threat. Thankfully, the Special Unit hadn't acted impulsively. Had they moved, their cover might have been blown. Soon, the very vehicles that had driven out earlier circled back, as if nothing unusual had transpired.
"They've managed to get the power equipment working again. It's already past 5:00 pm. Another outage would definitely raise suspicions," Dahlia murmured.
She knew their counter-surveillance measures were extremely thorough, so they couldn't afford any hasty moves. "Relay all updates here directly to the boss."
This time, Wynter might need to handle everything by herself until nightfall. To catch them in the act, they would have to wait until the group finally did the things they wanted to.
When Wynter received the message, she was scanning documents in the examination room. The wording alone was enough to make her feel sick to her stomach.
The records mentioned phrases like "The Great Fox King wants a lamb's uterus", "The Tiger King prefers lamb's hearts", and "Defective lambs are best for soup".
At first glance, it looked like an assortment of metaphors involving animals. But Wynter couldn't take them at face value, especially in this environment.
If her suspicions were correct, then "fox", "tiger", and "lamb" referred to people. The first two represented those seeking twisted pleasures. And the "lamb" was most likely a chilling reference to the female students brought here!
In some of Cascadia's oldest myths, spirits and monsters referred to humans as "four-legged lambs". Here, it seemed clear that these girls' fate involved far more than mere trafficking or exploitation.
What was more alarming were the words "uterus" and "heart".
Wynter didn't hesitate. She quickly took out her phone and captured every detail of the documents and the scene before her.
The facility boasted cutting-edge medical equipment, yet its purpose starkly contrasted with that of a hospital. While a hospital saved lives, this place was meant to strip life away.
The guards stood outside, casually smoking and chatting, blissfully unaware of their critical oversight. Their biggest mistake was being adamant 1 bringing "Eliana" in. Now that they had captured her, they failed to keep an eye on her.
Elsie had previously already observed her behavior with suspicion. Wynter, however, was shrewd enough to sense this and had calmly sipped her fruit juice, ensuring they saw her drink.
What no one knew was Wynter's immunity to common sedatives. And while she drank, she pressed a silver needle hidden in her sleeve against key acupuncture points, keeping herself fully alert.
Wynter had always been ruthless, not just toward criminals but toward herself as well. This relentlessness had been the reason why she was able to take on Special Unit operations from a young age.
Once she'd gathered enough evidence, she sent everything to the team.
"Boss, here's the current status. No luxury cars have entered the town, and the cars that exited are already back in town along with the working population. What should we do?"
Wynter replied with a single word, "Wait."
Wolf finally calmed down after reading the words, easing the intense energy he was exuding.
"Look up every business partner this company has had over the years. I need detailed information on each of them, "Wynter instructed. "Also, check if they're part of the Chamber of Commerce."
"Understood," Dahlia responded swiftly. "Boss, they've restored the power supply, and the electricity at your location will resume in less than ten minutes.
"Don't worry, though. Wolf has full control over their main servers. We're ready for your next command and can shield you from surveillance when you need it."
Wynter smirked. "Excellent. We'll take it slowly. Let's wait for them to fully reveal themselves before making our
move."
"Understood."
The team members withdrew their attention, blending back into the town. Among them were college students, repair workers, and, most crucially, electricians who could easily enter carrying tools.
They were accompanied by officials from the urban construction office and moved about town, ostensibly
inspecting and addressing any safety concerns.
Jarek, on the other hand, was quite enthusiastic after all, he had misjudged things regarding the land acquisition. He figured he might as well curry favor with the higher-ups, hoping to get a bit of the limelight.
Once this development zone was built, the main labor force would come from his village, and they'd stand to
profit handsomely.
Besides, since word had already come from "that side", he naturally wanted to keep up appearances. When the time came, he'd be in for quite a share of benefits.
This was precisely why sometimes, even after an investigation, nothing substantial was uncovered. Unless Valen Village was thoroughly cleaned from top to bottom, it would never be truly clean.
Wynter glanced at her watch, analyzing the situation. The urgency to restore power confirmed the location's importance. They weren't planning to relocate-whatever was happening would unfold right here no matter the
situation.
The cars that had left earlier might have been sent out to probe their surroundings. She was sure the enemies were ensuring that there were no undercovers. These vehicles' return would signal the real beginning.
And if this was their strategy, they likely wouldn't draw attention to themselves with luxury cars entering. Closing her eyes briefly, Wynter recalled Valen Village's detailed map and surroundings. someone wanted to enter undetected, focusing on external access points wasn't the answer-they'd need to operate from a different angle, ensuring safety while avoiding notice.
But how would they manage to get in without being detected? For those entering, identity confirmation was inevitable. There had to be a point for verification.
Abruptly, Wynter's eyes snapped open. "The 4S dealership on Southwest Road. Any car entering the town has to pass by that dealership."
With the steady flow of luxury cars arriving there in one day, it wouldn't raise suspicion. She gave a quick command, "Send part of the team to take cover in the 48 dealership."
It might not be feasible to take down every suspect within the town. After all, there might be those who managed
to slip through. Hence, the dealership would serve as the last net to catch them all in one sweep.
Sure enough, it was just as Wynter had thought. The 48 dealership near Valen Village was especially crowded with
returning customers today.]
Moreover, these customers were all wealthy and influential. They hadn't come for maintenance in some time, and
now they'd finally gathered together.
Naturally, the staff had to step forward to serve them, and the salespeople were especially eager, hoping to
perhaps sell another luxury car.
"It's too dark of a color. Let's pass on that today," a middle-aged man said, dressed sharply in a suit with a family ring glinting on his finger. He placed a black card on the table. "I only want a maintenance service today."
The moment the black card touched the surface, one of the attendants, who had been keeping an eye on the proceedings, stepped forward. "Excuse me, sir, may I ask who you are?"
The man, Hozier Moodie, was gaunt to the point
tinged with purple. "Tiger," he murmured.
emaciation. He removed his sunglasses and spoke with his lips
"Ah, it's a pleasure. Welcome, our new guest. Per our standard procedures, please come with me to change into the
attire you previously reserved with us," the attendant replied smoothly.
Hozier was visibly anxious. He hurriedly asked, "Am I really able to" "Sir, this isn't the place for discussion. Please change first," the attendant interrupted.
Hozier gritted his teeth. A friend had referred him here. He didn't quite understand the place, but the more
complicated the process, the safer it was.
At first, following the GPS, he could hardly believe that someone would actually conduct this kind of business around the city center. But the fact that it existed was good-it was his only chance to survive!
Just then, the electricity came back. Every machine roared to life in an instant.
Listening to the sounds outside, Wynter reclined back on the hospital bed. Edward, who had vanished for quite
some time, rushed back in.
"We don't have time. Get them all to the venue first. You all know who the rare goods are meant for. There shouldn't be a need for me to say more.
"Make sure everyone checks each guest's information carefully no mistakes allowed. Alright, notify them to
start letting people in," Edward instructed.
Melanie merely replied with an unenthusiastic nod.
Thus, the girls were carried out of the dark room. However, they did not ascend to the surface. Instead, they were
led into a dimly lit, cold interior where a faint light barely illuminated the surroundings. In the center of the basement was a stage with a table, surrounded by dozens of chairs.
Wynter and the others were brought there with their eyes covered. They couldn't see anything but could smell the
strong scent f disinfectant mixed with the noisy voices around them.
The other two girls were terrified. "Where is this? Didn't they say we were going through a second round of
interviews and were sponsored to study abroad?"
But no one responded to them. Meanwhile, Wynter had already figured out their purpose. She kept quiet, trying to
convey fear of the unknown through her expression.
Soon, the leader gave orders to a few masked individuals, "Take them to another room and wait for the boss' instructions. I'm heading to the auction site now, so keep a close eye on them!"
After speaking, he too donned a mask and walked toward the stage.
###chapter1611
Chapter 1611 Wynter Takes Action
The girls huddled together, unable to comprehend why they were experiencing such a nightmare.
They were outstanding students, all eagerly anticipating the scholarship opportunities for further studies. But now they were confronted with the cruel truth that everything had been a beautifully packaged trap.
The interviews were fake, the scholarships were a lie, and the overseas exchange program was nothing but a facade.
One girl quickly realized the gravity of their situation and instinctively reached for her phone, only to remember that they had all been asked to surrender their devices upon entering. "They made us hand in our phones when we came in. It was never for the interview."
The girls exchanged a glance, but some still held onto hope. "Our schools! If we go missing, the schools will definitely be worried!"
Another student sat there in a daze, saying, "I don't know about your schools, but mine wouldn't care less. My school is really remote, and I wasn't even supposed to be able to study.
"My family is poor, and we can't even afford the textbook fees. My dad drinks every day, and whether I go to school or not doesn't matter to him as long as he gets money."
Her words sent a wave of terror through the group. That was because they all realized a crucial point. Before they left, their families had received a sum of money.
They had all even emphasized how busy they would be during this time, implying they might not be able to respond promptly. With their phones in their captors' hands, it was highly likely that neither their families nor their schools would know of their dire situation.
"What now? What are we going to do now?" One girl began to choke on her words.
The darkness around them brought an endless sense of fear. They had no idea what was coming next, especially with the careless laughter echoing around them. It felt as if the laughter mocked their naivety.
The guards, whom they had thought were there to protect them, now looked at them with a brazen disregard. For these girls, who were still students, it felt like they had been thrust into hell.
Meanwhile, Wynter was taking advantage of this moment to observe the surroundings. There was a dim light that provided just enough visibility for her to start formulating a plan.
The guards watching over the girls underestimated their ability to escape. Over the past year, no one had managed to get away from their grasp. Moreover, these girls were na?ve and helpless. They were merely prey in their eyes.
Two of the girls were quite attractive, but that only meant they were prime goods for the guests. The guards were forbidden to touch them.
No one liked being scrutinized this way, and the girls started to tremble with fear.
"This batch really is timid," one guard remarked.
"They're so innocent. It would be a waste if they were gone just like this. It'd be better to have a little fun with them first," another one replied, chuckling.
"Are you crazy? Don't say things like that! Dr. Masons will have your head!"
"I know, I'm just excited! It's been a while since we opened for business. I heard a lot of people are coming this time."
"Yeah, there are quite a few. Just wait and see. These girls are going to fetch a pretty sum."
As the group chatted, none of them noticed "Eliana" in the back raising her hand. Her gesture was aimed directly at the surveillance camera in the room. With a cool, deliberate movement, she executed a zero-frame signal, which meant one simple thing-action!
Three minutes ago, Wolf had already taken full control of all surveillance systems. This meant that what the
captors were currently seeing on their monitors was not the real-time footage, but a series of images that Wolf had pieced together.
The actual live feed was under his control, and he had simultaneously disabled the detection devices in the surrounding area.
###chapter1612
Chapter 1612 The Cool Wynter
At the moment Wynter initiated the action, Wolf immediately hit the enter key, and all the Special Unit's members lurking in Valen Village lifted their gaze.
The maintenance workers were no longer just workers. They transformed into snipers capable of assembling long guns from the parts in their toolboxes.
The college students, who had been camping, had quietly moved on, and the villagers didn't pay much attention to their absence. Little did they know that although these individuals weren't heading toward the facility, they were the most dangerous of all.
Their movements were swift and precise, like a pack of wolves hidden in the night. They would strike with deadly accuracy.
Immediately afterward, Wynter made a quick signal in sign language, instructing Wolf to cut the communication channels of the guards' radios.
Without hesitation, Wolf extinguished four red dots and implanted a small program to disrupt their
communications.
Wynter lowered her gaze and, upon reaching "three", suddenly sprang into action, her speed so swift that the four men engaged in casual conversation barely had time to react. The one closest to her was sent flying to the ground. The remaining three cursed under their breath, grabbing their electric batons. To them, Wynter was clearly asking for trouble!
But before they could close in, Wynter seized one of the men's arms, using his momentum to perform a sideways flip. With a sharp crack, the sound of a bone breaking echoed throughout the dimly lit space.
The students could only stare in shock.
The man who had been knocked down couldn't even get back on his feet. His head lolled to the side as he lost consciousness.
The last man standing, Santiago Bridson, had his eyes wide with panic, realizing he was in deep trouble. "Police! The police had infiltrated..."
He tried to signal for help, but unbeknownst to him, his words came out as nothing more than garbled static. He was desperate to flee this place, convinced that Wynter was some sort of supernatural force. After all, they had encountered the police before, but none had ever taken down three men in an instant. He needed to warn someone! But of course, Wynter wouldn't allow him to escape. Santiago was sorely mistaken for thinking he was far enough away to be out of reach. With a swift kick, she swept her leg and sent an electric baton flying straight into his lower back.
In an instant, all four guards were sprawled on the ground, incapacitated. To minimize the noise, Wynter used one hand to drag the last fallen man back.
Seeing this scene, all the girls knew they had hope for rescue. Although fear still gripped them, they began to assist Wynter in ensuring the situation was under control.
They understood that there were still patrols outside, and they needed to make sure these men couldn't make any noise.
As Wynter dragged the last man back and found the girls moving with determination, she didn't waste any time addressing them. "What you ate and drank contained drugs. You won't be able to metabolize them quickly. Who among you can run right now?"
The girls shook their heads. Even standing up required immense effort, let alone running.
"I have already observed this place when we arrived. There's a medical supply room to the left. They wouldn't think you would hide there. After I leave, you all need to move there slowly," Wynter instructed.
As she spoke, Wynter used her fingers to acupressure each girl, providing a detoxification effect. While it wouldn't completely eliminate the drugs in their systems, it would at least enable them to move more easily.
Taking them with her to complete a rescue operation was unrealistic for two reasons. Firstly, the girls' safety couldn't be guaranteed. Secondly, she wouldn't be able to rescue more people without confronting the situation directly.
The girls were eager to be saved immediately, but they understood that there were too many people outside, and one person alone couldn't lead them to safety.
Even in their desperation, they didn't pressure Wynter. Instead, they nodded in agreement to whatever she suggested.
###chapter1613
Chapter 1613 Dalton Yarwood
As Wynter stood to leave, the girls voiced concern for her safety. "It's too dangerous for you to go alone."
They were concerned because, from their perspective, Wynter looked around their age. Although they didn't know exactly how many people were outside, they weren't na?ve. They could easily imagine that if even the guards were complicit, then the entire company was corrupt.
Wynter was somewhat taken aback. She'd carried out countless missions, and it was rare for anyone to worry about her safety. She figured this was the unique warmth shared only amongst women.
A small smile played on her lips as she tossed one of the guards to the side. "Don't worry. I'll be fine. You just need to wait a bit. In half an hour, someone will come for you. The code is 'A mighty river with wide waves."
The students' voices were laced with a mix of surprise and curiosity. It was an unusual code, after all.
Wynter chuckled. This phrase was a standard identifier used by the Special Unit to distinguish allies. "If someone says it, you can respond. If no one does, stay quiet until I return."
"Got it!" The girls nodded obediently, resolved to follow her instructions.
Wynter lowered her gaze to Santiago, who was barely conscious, lying on the floor and hauled him up. "Now then, I need you to put on a little show with me. As the 'goods,' I likely have a serial number. You're going to take me to the registration."
Santiago, wincing from a broken rib and barely able to speak, felt Wynter's grip tightening around his throat. His eyes went wide in fear, and he nodded vigorously.
Down below, chaos was unfolding, but those on the top floor were still blissfully unaware.
No matter where you looked, the place looked like an ordinary office. But when a hidden door opened, the contrast was stark. Inside, an opulent hall unfolded. It was richly decorated, with rows of seats meticulously aligned.
Wealthy guests were already seated and awaiting the proceedings. Each wore half-masks shaped like animals, concealing their identities.
Here, these code names were a safeguard to ensure no one could get investigated. None of them truly knew each other outside these walls, and inquiries about anyone's real identity were strictly forbidden.
Violating this unspoken law would result in immediate expulsion. Within these walls, the rules were ironclad.
If these patrons wanted a long life, youth, vitality all could be bought here, so long as one's fortune spoke louder than their presence.
Some exchanged idle, hushed words, their gazes hungry with anticipation. In the dimmer corners, newer buyers sat quietly, half-masks in place with cold, greedy eyes peering out. They murmured with the auctioneer through earpieces, exchanging last-minute details.
Among these attendees sat the newly arrived "Tiger", Hozier. He was desperate, his every nerve attuned to the need for survival. He just needed one vibrant, healthy heart, and all his problems would disappear!
Everyone was curious about the true identities behind the masks, but at that moment, they merely raised their glasses, allowing silence to speak for them.
No one noticed that one person among them was an imposter-though everything about him fit seamlessly with the environment.
Dalton was masked and dressed in black, with a dark feather resting on his shoulder. His long legs, narrow waist, and poised stance gave him an effortlessly striking presence, even amid the shadows.
"A new face?" A woman in a red gown, wearing a fox mask, approached him. Her gaze lingered, inspecting him from head to toe, eyes glinting with curiosity. "I've never seen you here before. Are you from out of town?"
###chapter1614
Chapter 1614 Something Rare
The woman, Keesha Nord, was clearly interested.
However, Dalton merely glanced at her, his voice as cold as the winter breeze. "Since when have the rules here changed?"
His remark made the guard step in, gesturing politely to Keesha. "Ms. Fox, the auction is about to begin. Please return to your seat."
"Fine, fine." She flicked her hair back. Though older, her figure was strikingly elegant. "I was just making sure it's not some outsider sneaking in. His body... he doesn't quite look like he's here to buy."
The guard glanced back at his list and confirmed that there was a guest with the codename "Crow". He swiftly replied to Keesha, "This gentleman has ordered the same item as you."
"Oh? That's rare." Keesha's gaze sized Dalton up again.
She noted that he seemed truly at ease, and didn't seem to be acting. Wealth had a way of revealing itself in subtle gestures, and he carried himself with an unapproachable, aristocratic air.
It was a look she would have remembered had she encountered him in her circles. Keesha convinced herself that he was perhaps a new face. But which family was he from? She was racking her mind, unable to place him among her
connections.
This was the internal paradox of the wealthy at these gatherings. They wanted to keep their identities a mystery, yet they had the urge to identify others. This shared secrecy placed them on common ground, opening the door to potential alliances.
For instance, many of the scholarship committee's long-time patrons knew more than they let on about each other, even if they never said it aloud.
"It's been too long. Everyone has grown distant," someone remarked.
"Well, we all know that there's been quite a lot happening lately. There's the Wray family, then the Montclair family. Things are tense."
"I heard some people from the higher authority came to investigate. I wonder if they'll find anything."
"They've investigated countless times. Has any of it ever affected us? Just relax. Someone's always there to take the heat for us."
"I'm looking forward to tonight. I've been smoking too much lately and really need to clear out my lungs." Someone replied with a laugh, "We can always trust you to know how to have fun, Lion."
As the laughter faded, Elsie-the girl who had earlier drugged Wynter and the others--stood at the center of the stage, a microphone in hand.
Her voice echoed through the dimly lit basement, clear and resonant. "It's been a while, everyone! Now, let's start with our appetizer!"
With a swish, all the lights turned on, illuminating a young girl in a white dress at the center. Her eyes were blindfolded, and she was held upright by two men on either side, like a doll on display, unable to resist.
Elsie said with a smile, "This one has been thoroughly examined by our doctors. She's perfectly healthy, free of any illness. It's the same rules as always the highest bidder wins. Let's start at 100 thousand!"
As soon as she finished, the masked figures in the audience began raising their paddles one after the other. "150 thousand!"
"200 thousand!"
"300 thousand!"
"500 thousand!"
"500 thousand, going once, going twice, and-"
"One million." A middle-aged man's deep, alluring voice rang out.
Immediately, the others lowered their paddles.
The man who had spoken rose to his feet and addressed the auctioneer. "I heard there's something rare on the lineup tonight. I wouldn't have come here in person otherwise-I usually don't bother with the regular goods."
###chapter1615
Chapter 1615 Wynter's Identity Is Exposed
Hearing this, Elsie's eyes narrowed. Knowledge of the "rare good" was tightly controlled-only Edward and a handful of top executives should have known. She couldn't imagine how the information had leaked.
Yet, with just that comment, the entire auction hall was abuzz.
"What? Rare goods?"
"It's been ages since we've heard about something like this! We're finally in luck!"
To them, rare goods were priceless. Every part of the "goods" was of the highest quality and was born with heavenly luck, just as the medium had explained.
Those individuals with such luck might not achieve greatness themselves, but by tapping into their fortune, the magnates could preserve their youth and even boost their careers. Hence, when rare goods came up, excitement surged, and the greed in their eyes was unmistakable.
Realizing she couldn't control the crowd, Elsie was about to contact Edward through her earpiece.
That was when a cold, elderly voice echoed from the screen, "I've told you before when it comes to these goods, their fortune must be compatible with your own horoscope. You're asking questions you shouldn't."
If, up until then, the magnates had been casually seated, now, hearing this voice, they all rose from their seats, standing with respectful postures.
"Mr. Viovis, why are you here?" Their shock was evident, with some even inching forward in awe.
Kael Viovis, a great fortune teller, seldom appeared. However, each time he did, his words alone could double their fortunes.
They knew of Yvette who had recently gained fame in Hawford, but they saw her as mere exaggeration, believing that her fame was likely Kenton's doing.
Kael couldn't appear in person, so he simply operated through a puppet. This auction was his true agenda. By aligning with him, the magnates could definitely bask in his fortune. Others might doubt him, but these magnates had experienced the changes Kael had brought into their lives firsthand.
His influence didn't just protect their wealth but also preserved their youth. So, even through a screen, their enthusiasm was palpable, almost cult-like.
The old voice continued, now laced with cold laughter and a sinister edge, "I'm here to inform you all that there's a police officer present among us."
A police officer? Instantly, the entire room fell into a stunned silence. The magnates froze mid-action-those smoking cigars or sipping wine sat motionless.
They understood, more than anyone, the stakes of where they were and what they were doing. These actions were clearly illegal.
If even a second of this was captured and released online, exposing their identities, it wouldn't just be the end of their businesses-it could mean prison for them all.
But a police infiltrator in a high-security auction like this? It was unthinkable! This had never happened before! "What's going on? Is there really police infiltration? Didn't they say the security is airtight and no one would ever find out we were here? How could there be officers?" The magnates exchanged hushed and urgent words.
Elsie herself was taken aback. She had no idea there was police infiltration. She had posed as one of the students coming for a mere interview and had noticed nothing unusual. How could someone slip through her notice?
###chapter1616
Chapter 1616 Betrayal
Aside from "Eliana", who had initially refused the refreshments, everything had seemed in order. Additionally," Eliana" had eventually sipped on the fruit juice.
Elsie's brow furrowed tighter as she thought it over. Almost unconsciously, she wanted to lower the microphone and head below to investigate what was really going on.
Seeing this, the magnates began to panic.
Keesha clutched her purse tightly, immediately rising to leave. She knew that if she hesitated, there was a risk of getting caught. She wasn't about to let one transaction land her in jail-or worse, ruin her reputation!
As she made her way toward the exit, others quickly followed suit.
With a steady grip on Santiago, Wynter narrowed her eyes, tightening her left hand just enough to act at the first sign of trouble. Could their mission details have leaked?
Santiago, clearly terrified, shook his head vigorously, indicating it wasn't his doing.
Wynter's pressure on Santiago didn't waver even as the spotlight cast a sudden glare on her. Despite the growing tension, she remained still. The Special Unit had handled countless operations and would always wait for her command before taking action.
But Kael's claim that a police infiltrator was among them... Unless... No, that couldn't be possible.
There were only two plausible scenarios. Either their team's plans had somehow been exposed, or another department, detecting something off, had begun sniffing around independently without knowing the full scope. Between the two, Wynter leaned toward the latter.
Just then, the piercing spotlight swept over Wynter, only to settle squarely on a server holding a tray. The entire room's attention locked onto his back in an instant.
By the time the server, Jayden Von, realized something was off, it was too late. He was blocked by none other than Edward. Instantly, his face turned pale, sweat breaking out across his brow.
From Wynter's angle, she could see his subtle but unmistakable move toward a concealed gun a fatal reflex that had sealed his fate.
Wynter lowered his gaze as she thought of ways to save him.
Edward stood in the spotlight with him. "Jayden, I never would've suspected you. I admire your courage and your brains. But I know you must be wondering-how could we know? How did we find out you were a police officer when you've done nothing but stay by my side?"
With a mocking chuckle, Edward continued, "You Cascadians are far easier to sway with money than you think. Your superior was the one who tipped us off."
Jayden's gaze immediately wavered when he heard Edward's words. His hands started trembling as he yelled, " Impossible! That is impossible!"
Edward let out a mocking laugh, waving his phone in front of Jayden. The contact displayed was none other than Jayden's superior.
In an instant, the light in Jayden's eyes seemed to extinguish. A palpable sense of despair radiated from him-an unfamiliar, overwhelming despair. He felt utterly lost, unsure of where to turn to for help.
His mentor the very person who had guided him--had sold him out to the criminals. At that moment, something within him collapsed. What he thought was an infallible plan had been a part of their scheme all along. He had been betrayed.
He couldn't even hold the tray steady anymore, let alone think of escaping in such a dire situation.
###chapter1617
Chapter 1617 The Next Leader
Edward seemed to take pleasure in Jayden's evident despair. He smirked before continuing, "Furthermore, there won't be any more actions against us. The messages you sent will be deleted by your supervisors.
"Jayden, it truly is a pity. Someone else is sitting pretty, reaping the rewards behind your back while you're out here risking your life. If I were you, I wouldn't remain loyal to that rotten place any longer. You'd be better off with us."
It was clear Edward was brainwashing him.
Wynter clenched her fists tighter as she listened in from a distance. There was nothing more devastating than shattering a person's faith. They intended to expose Jayden to the world, stripping him of any belief in the uniform he wore.
The remaining magnates, who had previously shown eagerness to leave, settled back into their seats, reverting to their earlier nonchalant demeanor.
Yes, how could they have forgotten? They set the rules here. Once an outsider entered, there was no escape. Their connections extended far beyond what Jayden could imagine.
They even found Jayden amusing. It was funny to them that he didn't inquire more about where he was stepping in before trying to investigate them. Look at him now, unable to escape.
In this place, one was nothing without power or influence.
The magnates exchanged knowing smiles, excitement glinting in their eyes.
Keesha let out a sigh of relief and laughed. "I thought there were actually some powerful police officers, but it seems Mr. Viovis is just inviting us to watch a show."
"It's just a reminder of how safe we are here." The old, deep voice resonated once again, carrying an unmistakable sense of oppression. "Recently, there have been many incidents, with the Wray and Montclair families, as you all have heard.
"Some have started to doubt my decisions and capabilities. But since we're in this partnership, I decided to show you what the fate of those who try to investigate us will be."
As soon as the words left Kael's lips, there was a loud bang. One of the guards lifted an electric baton and struck Jayden hard on the head. He had no time to react, collapsing backward and hitting the floor heavily.
In an instant, a team moved in, efficiently clearing the scene without leaving a single trace of blood behind.
Watching this unfold, Wynter remained outwardly calm. However, as soon as the surveillance camera swung toward her, she subtly made a rescue signal. She knew that a single strike wouldn't be the end for Jayden-they would certainly continue with something worse.
It was crucial to get him out, and beyond that, to identify the old voice's owner. Even though he appeared only through a screen, tracking his location was imperative!
Wolf immediately understood Wynter's gestures and swiftly began to act on the plan.
Human nature was something that was cultivated, and here, this idea took on real meaning. They seemed to possess the purest form of malice. Seeing Jayden being taken away only made the magnates even more excited.
"Mr. Viovis, no one would betray our organization. We're only going to grow more powerful, just as you said." Their words dripped with an almost religious fervor.
Kael's voice sounded once again. "What you just saw was only an appetizer. Now, the real bidding begins. You may place bids on whatever goods capture your interest. Oh, by the way, expect good news from the Chamber of Commerce."
The mention of the Chamber of Commerce caught Wynter's attention. She raised an eyebrow and wondered if they were targeting the Chamber as well.
Meanwhile, in the Chamber of Commerce, a tense emergency meeting was underway. Recent online controversies had stirred up attention in the Chamber, and every member had come prepared.
They were clutching files and exchanging sharp glances, particularly in Noah and Taylor's direction. The brothers could sense the underlying hostility.
An elder of the Chamber, Stetson Leftnan, entered. In an instant, everyone stood in respect.
With a gentle wave, he signaled them to sit before addressing the room, "As the Chamber of Commerce's members, you're all aware that we've been without a clear leader since Kenton's fall.
"Hence, we need an experienced, capable family with the Chamber's best interests at heart to take the reins. If anyone has suggestions, now is the time to voice them."
The families present couldn't rival the Whitman family in terms of power, so the voices on the scene were fairly unified.
"I support Mr. Waldron as the Chamber of Commerce's next chairman."
"I also support Mr. Waldron. I believe Mr. Waldron will be able to help the Chamber progress!"
"It's the same for me."
Noah's gaze narrowed, sensing the situation was progressing far too smoothly, almost as if orchestrated.
He looked over at Stetson. "Mr. Leftnan, isn't this a bit hasty? Not all members are present, and deciding right now feels rushed. Shouldn't we consider a re-vote?"
Stetson waved his hand dismissively. "Noah, the Whitman family has had enough on its plate lately. It might be wise for you to keep a low profile. I'm more than capable of making these decisions even with Mr. Reuben's absence!"
He stood up and continued, "However, Noah's point isn't without merit. Not all members are here, it would be too hasty to decide now.
"I also heard that Mr. Quinnell Senior's granddaughter recently arrived in Hawford. I'd like to meet her before we decide. If a temporary leader is needed, perhaps your grandfather, if his health permits, could step in."
But before he could finish, Edison rose from his seat. "Mr. Leftnan, I believe the Whitman family is unfit to lead the Chamber. Let me break it down into three points.
"Firstly, Noah's recent divorce scandal. His ex-wife's claims can't be entirely dismissed as fabrications.
"Second is the issue with the Whitman family's granddaughter, Wynter, who allegedly manipulated the stock market recently. She had led many people to invest, and the incident is already trending.
"While she carries the Quinnell surname, she's still the Whitman family's descendant. If Mr. Reuben can't manage his own granddaughter, how can he manage us?
"The public is starting to see the Chamber not as a body for small business support, but as a playground for certain socialites to establish their image while exploiting the average person.
"Mr. Leftnan, it might be time for the Whitman family to step down for the sake of the Chamber's reputation. What Wynter did was inexcusable."
Stetson reviewed the documents, his expression grave as he glanced at the ongoing media storm. It was indeed a mess.
Hearing the slander on Wynter, Noah couldn't hold back any longer. "My divorce has nothing to do with the Whitman family's reputation, and my niece has done nothing wrong.
"Judging her stock transaction as market manipulation based on a video of her carrying a suitcase to the exchange is absurd. She's merely assisting with the investigation, not detained indefinitely. Or is that what you would prefer?
###chapter1618
Chapter 1618 Chasing the Whitmans Out
"Mr. Whitman, whether your niece stays in detention isn't our concern-that depends on her crime's severity. As a member of the Chamber, are you unaware of the public backlash she's caused? Or do you not even check the news?
"Netizens are praying that the Whitman family will go bankrupt now and have told the Chamber to investigate this issue!" Edison sneered.
Edison's pointed remarks echoed through the room, causing those who had considered aligning with the Whitman family to hesitate.
Initially, with the Wray and Montclair families' downfall, the Whitman family seemed like the best option for future alliances. But Wynter's recent scandal had cast a dark shadow.
Allegations of serious economic misconduct were being whispered, implicating not just her but potentially the entire Chamber of Commerce.
The public outrage was fierce. Consumers especially couldn't tolerate hypocritical behavior-if someone wasn't genuinely virtuous, perhaps no one would mind. But to craft a pristine image and then exploit the common person? That was an unforgivable betrayal.
This move was a deliberate blow from Fredric, specifically aimed at Wynter. No one knew of this strategy of his, not even Lucas. However, one thing was clear there was no way he would let a mere business person pose a threat to his standing.
Edison, fully aware of Fredric's intentions, took advantage of the situation, exerting pressure on the Whitman family during the meeting. He knew he wasn't alone. Surely, other people positioned by Fredric were also present. As expected, following Edison's words, someone who usually went unnoticed in the Chamber took the opportunity to speak up.
"Mr. Whitman, the times have changed. Disregarding consumer trust makes everything harder these days. "Public opinion is a force we can't ignore, and our companies in the Chamber are feeling the impact. We need to make some adjustments to show the public we're serious about accountability."
"I agree. While we respect Mr. Gordon's legacy, we can't let these actions slide-it's a serious offense! Whether it's Wynter or the Whitman family, they should withdraw from the Chamber. Evidence against them is undeniable, and if we don't act now, we might all be implicated."
As voices rose in agreement, Stetson understood the implication. He tapped on the table to bring the meeting to order.
"Quiet, please. I understand everyone's concerns, but outright removal seems excessive. Things haven't settled yet, and both the Quinnell and Whitman families have been his Chamber's pillars. Acting hastily could leave a sour taste. I disagree with removing them.
"However, we can't ignore the public outcry, either. So, how about a compromise? Noah and Taylor, for now, you two will temporarily step back from Chamber affairs. Once things calm down online, you may resume your roles."
Noah, hearing this, had already realized the gravity of the situation. He quickly reached out and held Taylor back when he was about to throw a fit.
The biggest surprise, however, was for Edison. He had expected that Fredric had people positioned within the Chamber, but he hadn't anticipated that even Stetson would be among them.
Stetson, along with Cleo, had always been notoriously incorruptible and was known for his loyalty to the Quinnell family. With these two around, any plan to seize control of the Chamber would be challenging at best. Yet, it turned out Stetson was in Fredric's camp all along.
Edison had initially viewed Stetson as his primary obstacle. Now, it became clear that the Whitman family had no hope of remaining within the Chamber.
Edison's smile was the widest. "Then, let's go with Mr. Leftnon's suggestion."
###chapter1619
Chapter 1619 A Scheme Against the Whitmans
Edison stated eagerly, "I'll gladly take over the reins from the Whitmans."
"You're not worthy," Taylor retorted coldly.
Edison, often seen in polished attire, adjusted his glasses. "It seems like someone isn't on board with your decision, Mr. Leftnan. You know, Taylor, the Chamber of Commerce has been running for years, and we're well aware of certain business dealings.
"The Whitman family thrived by capitalizing on that position. Even if you wish to hold onto your power, it's not up to you to make that call."
Stetson rose from his seat and attempted to ease the tension. "There's no point arguing like this. Let's stick to the usual way and settle this with anonymous voting.
"Those agreeing with the Whitmans stepping down can write a check mark, while those against can write a cross, It's only fair that the final decision rests on the count of votes."
With that, Stetson instructed someone to prepare a box and set out papers and pens on the tables. Though the suggestion seemed fair, he had actually done the math on the votes beforehand.
Dressed in a sleek black suit, Taylor cast a frosty gaze, as if he had seen right through their scheme.
Moments later, everyone had submitted their votes into the box-Stetson was the last to submit his. He then ordered one member to retrieve the papers while the other tallied the votes. As the counting echoed through the meeting room, only one last paper remained unopened.
With some members remaining neutral, the vote counter recorded a total of 20 votes in favor of the Whitman family stepping down. The member slowly opened the remaining paper and declared it an affirmative vote. Upon hearing the declaration, half of the members broke into laughter.
Clenching his fists, Taylor realized that it was a scheme to forcibly oust the Whitman family from the Chamber of Commerce rather than holding a genuine discussion. Despite assurances of their eventual return after the commotion, the business people knew deep down it wasn't feasible.
"What a shame, Mr. Whitman. Seems like everyone trusts me more than you. Don't worry about the rest. I'll make sure the organization thrives under my leadership." Edison smirked as he reached out.
Taylor rose from his seat, appearing calmer compared to his earlier demeanor. "Well, congratulations on your success."
Edison was taken aback by his composure. He was looking forward to the Whitmans' breakdown, planning to share their humiliation online. Yet, Taylor remained indifferent and arrogant.
Frustrated by Taylor's reaction, Edison approached him and said, "If you're still clinging onto your dreams, here's some advice for you. Word from the higher-ups is that your niece isn't going to come out.
"You might want to have a word with Mr. Whitman Senior about how to deliver things in. I heard the prison isn't a pleasant place to be, and those ignorant might find themselves being 'taken care of.""
Taylor merely chuckled in response. It seemed that Edison had no idea how protective the Whitman family could be.
"I won't comment on anything else, but if anything happens to Sevie, I won't hesitate to put the entire Whitman family at risk if it means taking the Waldrons down.
"Take the person backing you, for instance. Do you think he'd rather have you working for him than the Whitmans?" Taylor wondered aloud.
His words hit Edison on the sore spot, but Taylor pressed on, "The resources the Waldrons currently possess were once something we discarded. After all, we're not keen on being anyone's lapdogs."
###chapter1620
Chapter 1620 The Whitman Family's Ruin
Edison's expression instantly turned sour. After all, Taylor was speaking the truth.
Both Fredric and Judah had initially planned to bring the Whitman family into their fold, particularly hoping to win Noah over by leveraging the Montclairs as a breakthrough. However, Tamia failed to convince him.
Tamia often boasted that Noah listened to Ophelia and believed they could manipulate him. However, they had failed to settle the divorce case and ended up in prison, which only deepened Judah's admiration for Noah.
Fredric noted that Judah once remarked how much simpler things would be if Noah had worked for him.
Such feelings of inferiority fueled Edison's spite. "I don't think you understand your situation, Mr. Whitman. Mr. Whitman Senior has been going around pleading for help, but that only proves futile.
"You and your family are too arrogant to see who you've offended, especially that niece of yours. She never should have investigated the school, and now she'll be stuck behind bars. What do you think will become of the Whitman family?"
"That's enough, Edison!" Stetson walked over and shot Edison a warning glare.
If Edison rambled further, he might reveal certain truths. Stetson decided to have a word with him.
Upon meeting Stetson's glare, Edison was so shaken that cold sweat broke out on his back.
"You're one of the decision-makers now, Edison. Show a little compassion. The Whitman family is temporarily affected and will return once the commotion dies down.
"Why don't you head back first, Noah? I'll find a solution by then," Stetson advised as he patted Noah's shoulder. He couldn't afford to have his own facade exposed, especially considering his affiliation with Fredric. Even at that point, he maintained a fair and impartial front.
Before Noah could respond, Taylor glanced around and declared, "We've wanted to leave this organization for a long time. We wouldn't really stick around if it weren't for the sake of the founder, Mr. Gordon.
"That said, I never imagined the Chamber of Commerce, once united against foreign forces, would end up like this. The same goes for you, Mr. Leftnan.
"Sevie is Mr. Gordon's descendant, yet you support her removal from the list and force us to take a leave. Are you really letting the treacherous Waldrons take our place? Mr. Leftnan, I can't help but reminisce..."
Noah swiftly cut Taylor off, yet he maintained a respectful demeanor toward Stetson. "Please don't take Taylor's words to heart, Mr. Leftnan. He can be quite impulsive.
"I've seen the vote count, so the Whitman family will respect the final outcome. What the future holds will be addressed at a later time."
Stetson was pleased with Noah's attitude. "You're as sensible as ever, Noah. Take this chance and get some rest. Also, inform Reuben about the situation here. I'm sorry about Wynter. There's not much I can do.
"I suggest you educate her properly. Don't spoil her just because she's the youngest. If her elders neglect her, she'll face serious consequences from the world. Besides, what she did was a felony."
"I'll keep your advice in mind, Mr. Leftnan." Noah gave an ambiguous reply, though others failed to decipher his true meaning.
The security guards didn't even bother to show the Whitman brothers respect. They stormed into the room and ordered disdainfully, "In that case, I ask that both of you leave. Outsiders are not allowed during the meeting."
###chapter1621
Chapter 1621 No One Can Stop Us
Noah and Taylor were practically driven out of the Chamber of Commerce.
Taylor's eyes burned with anger as he protested, "Why did you stop me, Noah? Mr. Leftnan..."
"Something's off about Mr. Leftnan. He's likely been bribed. Perhaps Marie has discovered something during her investigation that threatened them.
"Edison alone couldn't have swayed Mr. Leftnan-there's someone else behind this," Noah reasoned. Once an astute postgraduate student, he was able to piece the picture together from what he observed.
Taylor was puzzled by his words. "Who else could've bribed Mr. Leftnan? Even the mayor wouldn't have that kind of power. Mr. Leftnan is..."
Glancing back at the building, Noah suggested, "What if it's those people from the province? We need to tell Dad. There's no need to search here any longer, but someone else can take up the task."
"Who is it?" Taylor looked at his brother in confusion.
Being perceptive as ever, Noah explained, "The new secretary, Lucas Keller. There's been a power struggle among those from the province, and yet the higher-ups suddenly appointed him.
"He must be more eager than anyone else to gather information about this place, especially regarding the connection between us businessmen and the authorities. Mr. Leftnan wouldn't be swayed by a typical offer.
"Edison mentioned Sevie shouldn't have investigated the school, but he was cut off before he could elaborate. This means the problem lies in the school, and Mr. Kellar has recently conducted an investigation there. What are the odds of this being a coincidence?"
As Taylor listened, his eyes lit up with excitement. "Let's go and meet Mr. Keller right now!" he urged.
Unfortunately, Lucas wasn't someone they could meet easily.
However, Noah's inference was accurate-Stetson had indeed received an unusual bribe. At his age, it wasn't money that Stetson sought but a lasting life of authority.
No one noticed the icon carved on his cane, which was an animal many despised and reluctant to carve. It was a snake, with its tongue flicking out and its eyes unsettlingly drawn, as if staring at something lifeless.
The audio from the meeting room was synchronized in the auction hall, making it appear that everyone had witnessed a grand spectacle. There was nothing more exhilarating than witnessing the Whitman family stripped of their power and ousted from the Chamber of Commerce.
At that moment, the raspy voice sounded, "A fantastic start to our festivities. Now, everyone can bid for whatever they desire. No Whitman or Quinnell will stand in our way any longer."
The auction hall erupted with cheers as the magnates clinked their glasses together.
They had suffered greatly due to Wynter's interference. In the past, they had no need to hide in the shadows since the resources from the hospital were more than enough to sustain them.
However, Wynter took down the entire Gibson family, which had been their most accessible channel for goods entry.
To make matters worse, no one in Riverfield dared to engage in human trafficking anymore. Without a choice, the magnates could only procure younger and healthier bodies through the scholarship committee.
Even so, such a method had its drawbacks, and traces of their actions were likely to emerge over time.
"But everything's settled now. With that Quinnell girl stuck in prison, we can procure the goods the way we used to," someone stated.
"And now, we can plot how to swallow the Whitman family," another chimed in.
The surrounding laughter drowned out the despair of the young woman on the stage, giving the magnates a belief that they were above legal constraints. Little did they know, the very person they had mocked was standing just a short distance away.
The next victim up for the auction was none other than Wynter herself.
###chapter1622
Chapter 1622 Unexpected Location
When the Special Unit received the command to act, the auction hall was buzzing with excitement.
As the magnates raised their glasses for a toast, Elsie grabbed the microphone and declared, "While everyone is enjoying themselves, let's take a look at today's fresh goods."
She then signaled to Santiago, who stood next to Wynter. He felt an unsettling chill at his nape. Although it seemed like he was holding Wynter up on stage, his life was actually at her mercy.
Santiago no longer dared to act recklessly after witnessing Wynter's prowess, especially since she had poisoned him. If he slipped up or had Wynter caught, he doubted he could survive the night.
Unfortunately, the magnates remained blissfully ignorant as they gazed excitedly at the "student" on the stage. They understood the fresh goods' value all too well.
Wynter was locked up beside the young woman known as Molly Tate, who slumped in despair with her arms hanging limply. Wynter turned her gaze away, locking eyes with the camera.
"It's not often you see a look like that. I like her. I'll bid 500 thousand dollars!" Hozier exclaimed, clutching his chest with one hand as he struggled to stand.
His eyes narrowed, his physique alarmingly gaunt, and his lips tinged with a ghostly purple. For a moment, it was hard to tell if he was a human or a ghost.
Hozier desperately needed a healthy heart to prolong his life, and Wynter seemed to be full of vigor. Judah had even once mentioned that such a body would be ideal for him.
"Now, that's against the rules, Tiger. The host hasn't even announced the starting price yet." Keesha too appeared to be interested in Wynter, fixing her gaze intently on Wynter's abdomen.
For years, she had searched far and wide but found no one suitable. A pure, innocent high school student would be perfect for bearing a child.
Elsie was surprised that an ordinary girl could drive up the bidding. Flashing a smile, she announced, "Looks like everyone is interested in her. Let's keep those bids coming! As usual, the prize goes to the highest bidder."
Wynter's defiant glare only deepened the magnates' interest in her. Their hands shot up, each one eager to raise a higher bid.
With her hands cuffed, Wynter appeared defenseless like a detached doll on the stage. However, she was actually surveying her surroundings. While the stage drew all eyes, it also offered an excellent vantage point to observe the guests.
Aside from the disembodied voice in the video, there were 21 individuals presented-each was a buyer familiar with such transactions.
Wynter had an exceptional memory and could recall each individual's traits, even if they were masked. On top of that, Wolf would have prepared a backup of such information.
With the time now at 8:10 pm, Wynter believed that the Special Unit was lying in ambush outside the building. All she had to do was wait for Wolf's signal. As long as he could pinpoint the disembodied voice's source, she would spring into action.
Despite his efforts, Wolf faced a challenging problem with the hacking their adversary's location was unexpected.
The virtual IP address suggested an overseas location, but the actual coordinates were surprisingly close. Wolf feared that he might be arrested for cyber spying if he continued to access the IP address.
###chapter1623
Chapter 1623 Waiting for Wolf's Signal
Wolf recalled Wynter's warning to steer clear of illegal activities, but she had also mentioned that special
situations might call for special measures. After a moment of contemplation, he decided to access the virtual IP address and identify whoever was harming Wynter.
Once Wolf set his mind on something, there was no stopping him. Besides, Wynter wasn't there to intervene. Even if the other party had called the police, Wolf pressed on and breached the virtual IP address.
The hacking process took time, especially with a stronger firewall that required extra effort to breach. On top of that, gaining access to such an IP address demanded authorized access.
To avoid causing mayhem, Wolf bypassed multiple departments, sifted through the misleading information, and accurately pinpointed the genuine IP address.
The auction continued, but little did Judah know that he had been exposed. He believed he was in the safest position, and he truly had been for many years. He had never made a public appearance, remaining in the shadows.
Standing beside the screen, Edward seemed to have taken the role of Judah's messenger. "Rest assured, the ones suited for you are kept in the basement."
Only then did Judah's raspy voice take on a joyful tone. "Excellent. Find a way to send them to the mountains once this is over."
Edward leaned in and inquired respectfully, "What about the promise you made to me?"
"She's already out. I don't see why you care about a fake socialite who can't even accomplish anything. I nearly got caught getting her out of there. This is the last time I'm doing this," Judah replied.
Edward raised his head and assured him, "I promise that it won't happen again. This world is now ours. Look at those people their weaknesses are all in your hands. As for the Whitman family, you won't be hearing from them much longer."
"All I care about are the Quinnells. They crushed my career fortune back then, and I want their descendants to taste the same agony!" Judah vowed.
With downcast eyes, Edward echoed with a note of resentment, "You're not the only one who loathes the Quinnell family. We all feel the same way and share the same goal."
As Edward and Judah were conversing, the auction continued to call for bids. "Three million dollars going once, going twice... Five million! We have an offer of five million dollars! Is there a higher bid?
"Five and a half million! It seems like our new friends are pretty well-off. Mr. Tiger here has just offered five and a half million dollars. Does anyone want to top that?"
Keesha noticeably hesitated at the hefty sum. She had learned that the young women on stage came from a poor background, despite her healthy physique.
Yet, she also heard that they were intelligent and academically strong. Plus, their birth dates and horoscopes were compatible with hers.
With that in mind, Keesha raised her bid paddle and offered five million and six thousand dollars.
Hozier snorted. "Is that all? You're rather stingy. Six million! Don't bid against me. I'm risking my life here." While six million for ordinary goods felt excessive, those present knew that it wasn't wise to compete with a desperate man. There were still plenty of fine goods left, so there was no need to rush.
"If you put it that way, I'll bow out. The others can proceed." Several buyers began to lower their bid paddles.
Keesha looked around before letting out a chuckle. "I'll give up too, then."
As Wynter listened to the commotion below, her gaze was fixated on Edward, who was lingering in the corner.
###chapter1624
Chapter 1624 Dalton Stepped Up
Curious about Edward's earlier remark, Wynter watched him interact with the voice on the screen. Though she couldn't hear their conversation, she deduced that they had reached some sort of agreement given the circumstances.
However, she realized that Wolf was running behind schedule and wondered if he had encountered any problems.
Wynter cast another glance at the clock on the wall. She couldn't allow herself to be sold off, or else she would lose the golden opportunity to strike.
Meanwhile, Elsie exclaimed with excitement, "Six million! It looks like no one is interested in following up with a bid. Congratulations to Mr. Tiger for "
"Ten million." A languid voice suddenly sounded among the crowd.
Everyone turned around to see a man in a black tuxedo seated at the mid-height area. Black feathers draped over his shoulders, and his mask added an air of mystery rather than an unsettling vibe.
More importantly, he exuded a dignified yet indifferent presence. When he lifted his gaze, his eyes held a dark intensity that left everyone stunned by his enigmatic nature.
"Is he a newbie?" came a curious inquiry.
"He seems like a new face, but I can't help thinking he's crazier than me! Who in their right mind would sit beside Ms. Fox?" Someone broke into laughter.
Dalton's presence seemed perfectly fitting for such occasions, as if he belonged in the darkness. Beneath his calm demeanor lay a deep well of malevolence, instinctively causing everyone to pull away from him-everyone except Edward.
Edward was slightly alarmed when Dalton glanced up. He turned to the bid assistant beside him and inquired if they had looked into this newcomer. The bid assistant affirmed that Dalton was clear of any suspicion.
Still, Edward hoped to get a better glimpse of Dalton's enigmatic figure-perhaps even strike a brief conversation to uncover his identity. Unfortunately, it wasn't the best time for questions with the auction still in full swing. Elsie started the countdown, experiencing a thrill unlike any she had felt before. She never expected that ordinary goods would command such a high price.
Wynter too doubted she was worth that much. Before going on stage, she had switched to a different disguise and shed Eliana's identity. There seemed to be no justification for such a bidding frenzy.
When Wynter caught sight of the mysterious bidder, her dangling hands inadvertently froze in mid-air.
Wasn't that her charming fiancé, Dalton? What was he doing there? Didn't he realize how dangerous it was? How could he have come alone?
Aside from Dalton, Wynter was certain that no one from the Top Unit was present at the scene. Though she doubted he was one of the buyers, she couldn't help but internally chide him for acting alone.
Since Wolf hadn't given her the signal, Wynter could only communicate with Dalton through her gaze.
wait, how did he recognize her in disguise? Did he intend to rescue her with such tactics? Considering Dalton's wealth, it seemed entirely possible.
As Wynter affirmed her assumption, Hozier shouted with a terrifying glare, "11 million! I'm warning you, mister, don't take from a dying man!"
Dalton shot him a glance and calmly added another nine million to the bid. Infuriated, Hozier attempted to approach him but was stopped by a bid assistant.
"Please abide by the auction rules, sir," the bid assistant advised.
Clutching his chest, Hozier closed his eyes and rasped, "I bid for her to save my own life. You don't look like you're
dying anytime soon, and you're probably very young. I don't know who you are, but don't you think it's absurd to bid 20 million for such an ordinary product?"
###chapter1625
Chapter 1625 A Perfect Wife
Hozier's remark alerted Edward, who made a gesture to his right. Seeing that, Wynter was ready to loosen the knot binding her wrist.
At that moment, Dalton's dignified voice calmly cut through the hall. "I need her to drive away my bad luck. Based on her horoscope, she's the perfect wife for me."
Edward stopped in his tracks, as if he was ascertaining Dalton's claim.
"He's right. The medium mentioned Crow's fate is convoluted. His only options are a ghost marriage or finding a wife with a compatible horoscope. Otherwise, he won't live long," the bid assistant explained.
Hearing that, Edward broke into a bright smile. "In that case, you've come to the right place, Mr. Crow. Let the auction proceed."
As Wynter listened in to the conversation, she couldn't help but feel a spark of admiration for Dalton. His horoscope was a flawless fit for such a scenario-no pretense needed.
"20 million going once, 20 million going twice... Sold!" With a decisive thump on her hammer, Elsie signaled Santiago to release Wynter.
Santiago hesitated, knowing that Wynter wasn't meant to be auctioned off. When she glanced his way, he rushed over to untie her, only to find that she had already freed one of her hands. Completely terrified, Santiago didn't dare to approach her.
While waiting for Wolf's signal, Wynter decided to play the part of purchased goods delivered to her buyer in an attempt to avoid alerting her adversaries.
Santiago held Wynter firmly with one hand as they were accompanied by a bid assistant. Though he couldn't figure out her thoughts, he knew that his life rested in her hands. Santiago deeply prayed that Wynter wouldn't be discovered.
Rather than worrying about her exposure, Wynter wondered why Wolf hadn't reached out to her yet. Lost in her thoughts, she was suddenly yanked away and found herself on someone's lap in a half-embrace.
He gently cupped her jaw, as if he was assessing her worth. His assertive and domineering demeanor even fit right into the surrounding atmosphere.
"Oh my, getting cozy already?" Keesha snickered with a hint of jealousy in her tone.
"I ought to inspect what I bought." As Dalton spoke, he suddenly pressed his lips against Wynter's neck. His bold and brazen behavior left the onlookers blushing.
On the other hand, Edward had dispelled his earlier doubts and broke into a hearty laugh. After all, they had made a fortune from the auction and secured a seemingly affluent individual's interest.
That was fantastic news for them, as they needed powerful and influential Cascadians' support to realize their ambition.
When Dalton grabbed Wynter by her waist, she glanced up and whispered, "It's me."
"I know," Dalton replied. His breath tickled her neck, making her shudder.
They had never been in such an intimate position despite being engaged, with Dalton seemingly dominating Wynter by holding her firmly in his embrace.
She couldn't help but recall a similar moment from long ago-one where he had placed himself beyond reach amid the chaos, as though ensnared in the depths of the darkness.
While Wynter drifted into her thoughts, those engaging in a discussion found the projector had malfunctioned.
Just as confusion swept through the crowd, a jarring sound crackled through the auction hall. Everyone hurriedly covered their ears, bewildered by the sudden disturbance.
###chapter1626
Chapter 1626 Time For Action
The auction hall descended into chaos. Though the magnates usually had their heads held high, fear now clouded their eyes in the face of plight. Instinctively, they turned to the bid assistants for answers.
Edward hurriedly grabbed the microphone and attempted to restore order. "Everyone, please remain calm! We're simply experiencing a voltage breakdown. The village is performing maintenance on basic facilities, which has affected the power. There's nothing to worry about!"
That was what Edward had been informed, yet Wynter knew that it was actually a signal from Wolf. It appeared that he had pinpointed the mastermind on the network. With no escape route available, her mission had become much easier.
With a smirk, Wynter swiftly pulled Dalton aside and seized Keesha as her hostage. Her movements were so swift that anyone barely had time to react. She then flung her silver needles toward the nearby magnates, pinning them onto the ground.
By the time the magnates realized they were immobilized, it was all too late. Wynter yanked off their masks, leaving them horrified by the exposure of their true identities.
To the magnates, life meant nothing but a game to them when they donned the masks. They believed those they considered peasants should feel honored to be chosen.
But once the masks were stripped away, the magnates were thrust back into reality. They were aware of the moral and legal transgressions that they had committed and feared being exposed.
The magnates let out piercing shrieks and attempted to hide their faces, but they couldn't move an inch.
Realizing the gravity of the situation, Edward yanked the dumbfounded security guards over and pointed at the nimble figure. "Don't just stand there! Get her!"
The security guards were flustered, never expecting that the real threat lay within the very person they had just auctioned.
Judah sounded even more grave on the screen, demanding to know what had happened.
"Someone infiltrated the auction hall, but it's nothing we can handle," Edward replied with a fierce glare. Whoever they were, he would see to it that those disruptors were eliminated!
Cunning as ever, Judah reminded Edward to destroy all data related to the auction. Still, he suspected that the disruption was anything but simple. There hadn't been any infiltrators at the auction for years, and the voltage breakdown's timing felt too convenient.
Judah suspected that someone was behind the incident, but he had no idea who it was. Those in the province hadn't mentioned anything to him. Could Lucas be the one behind this?
As Judah formed his assumption, he decisively shut off the internet. Despite not knowing who was behind the infiltration, he believed they could never track him down.
Little did Judah know that it was merely wishful thinking. Wolf had already identified the device he was utilizing, and it was only a matter of time before his identity was exposed.
Meanwhile, Edward was determined to eliminate Wynter. Grabbing his walkie-talkie, he was about to give an arrest order when the lookout barged in, drenched in sweat.
"This is bad, Dr. Masons! There's a crowd outside!" the lookout reported.
It was none other than the Special Unit, which had swiftly arrived and surrounded all the exits. Since they were on a mission, they were well-equipped with guns and smoke grenades.
Despite witnessing the large-scale operation before them, no villager dared to intervene. They never expected that the seemingly innocent individuals would suddenly shed their disguises.
Even if the villagers attempted to warn others, they found themselves trapped and could only report internally to their own higher-ups.
###chapter1627
Chapter 1627 Not Eliana
"That's impossible! There shouldn't be anyone out there!" For the first time, Edward slipped from behind his perfect facade.
Normally, the villagers would alert him about any approaching strangers, yet he had heard nothing. Just what on earth happened?
"We've been surrounded! What should we do, Dr. Masons?" Santiago inquired, flustered.
Clad in his white lab coat, Edward clenched his fists and ordered, "Get the goods out of the basement and evacuate.
11
"B-But they're not in the basement," Santiago stammered.
Anger instantly flared up in Edward's eyes. "What the hell are you talking about?"
"Someone took them. It's that woman's doing!" Santiago exclaimed, pointing at Wynter, who stood at the highest ground, showcasing her prowess.
With a swift sweep of her slender legs, she sent anyone in her way flying. The electric baton in her grip now became a deadly spear. No one dared to approach her, knowing she would take down anyone who tried.
Dalton stood behind her, still wearing his mask. As soon as he spotted anyone trying to escape, he hurled a lethal fork at them.
It dawned on Edward that Dalton and Wynter shared a deep affiliation. For all his experience, they still managed to outwit him.
He should've questioned Dalton's reasoning behind the exorbitant offer for such an ordinary product. But now, he understood that it had all been a ruse!
Taking a deep breath, Edward recognized that sacrifices had to be made. While it was fortunate that some of their VIPs hadn't attended the auction, they were still likely to lose most of their clientele.
Besides, there was no chance of turning things around once the masks were removed. He knew he had to make the right decision.
"It doesn't matter if we've lost the other goods, but we need Eliana Linden. Take her to the secret passage!" Edward ordered. He couldn't care less about others, but he couldn't allow the ceremony he had arranged for his master to be ruined.
He had meticulously developed the site to serve as the perfect backdrop for his master's descent. The loss of the other goods was insignificant compared to Eliana's blood.
However, someone came over with a grim look on their face. "She's the problem. We only found this at the door." The person presented what appeared to be an ordinary piece of skin, but Edward recognized its true purpose. Long ago, he had researched Cascadia's secret arts and discovered that ancient Cascadians would disguise themselves with cowhides. A master of disguise could even present themselves as an entirely different person. In other words, the person who showed up wasn't Eliana but someone else!
Edward had a sinking feeling about who it might be. He turned to meet Wynter's condescending gaze, which seemed to mock his foolishness.
His expression instantly turned grim, and he attempted to storm toward her. However, Santiago hurriedly stopped him. "You can't, Dr. Masons. The intruders will be here soon. You have to leave now!"
Though indignant, Edward knew that he would be trapped if he dawdled any longer. Besides, his master wouldn't be pleased about his capture, despite having a large following.
The scholarship committee was likely to suffer a major setback, leaving Edward with no secrets to leverage against the Cascadian businessmen. While several internal connections might be severed, he had no choice but to escape.
As long as he still had resources, he would still have the chance to rise. And once it was over, he would track down who sabotaged his perfect plan!
Upon spotting Edward's escape, Wynter brushed Dalton aside and swiftly ran off.
###chapter1628
Chapter 1628 Afraid of Dalton
As Dalton took down Wynter's pursuers, he cast a deep gaze ahead. He couldn't simply vanish under the surveillance cameras' watchful eyes, but he was concerned about the direction Wynter was heading.
Gazing downward, Dalton murmured something under his breath. The words were incomprehensible to human ears but were meant more to dispel something.
Meanwhile, Edward had descended to the basement, where a sinister air hung thickly. With Judah's formation laid in place, the basement became a site where all life force would be snuffed out.
Instead of falling into panic, Edward remained composed and focused on destroying the relevant documents. As he set the documents ablaze, Santiago hindered their pursuers behind him.
Although Wynter was swift, she found herself suddenly shrouded by fog as the air turned frigid. Strangely, the path she had once taken seemed to have vanished, leaving her trapped in the mist.
She then recalled Leo's mention that there was something hidden in the basement that fed off evil aura.
Wynter clutched her lucky tokens and closed her eyes. She knew that her eyes would sometimes deceive her, especially within a formation. Yet, she had never encountered one as such before-all she sensed was the vast fog and faint traces of an evil presence.
Though Wynter felt disturbed, she couldn't take action as there were no souls present. Little did she know, a pair of haunting eyes lingered on her back from a shadowy corner. When she turned around, it shrunk back into the darkness like a ghostly specter.
That said, Wynter had no regrets about her pursuit. She finally had the opportunity to seize the mastermind, and she was determined to give it her all. Yet, she never expected to encounter a formation.
After a brief contemplation, Wynter decided not to dawdle any longer. Coincidentally, she possessed a rare type of blood that could dispel the formation before her. She promptly bit her finger and attempted to dispel the formation when she sensed a presence behind her.
A hand grabbed her wrist, followed by a sigh. "Are you just going to waste all the effort I invested?"
Wynter glanced back and was surprised to find Dalton. "How did you get in?"
"I followed you. You didn't even heed my calls," Dalton calmly replied.
The restless demons around them suddenly quieted down. The greater power a demon possessed, the stronger the repression from the heavenly law. Dalton's presence had inflicted such anguish upon the demons that even the slightest exposure could turn into a perilous threat.
The demons couldn't fathom why Dalton would protect Wynter, a cultivator. Yet, they dared not to act against him and instead cowered in the shadows.
Wynter noticed that the air around them had become noticeably cleaner since Dalton's arrival, and even the chilling glare fixated on her back had vanished. While the fog still lingered, whatever lay beneath it seemed too fearful to emerge.
As Wynter glanced at Dalton, she recognized that he was full of mysteries. She had previously assumed that he was blessed with heavenly luck so that he had a purple aura. Yet, she soon discovered he carried numerous personal burdens.
Thinking back, she realized that his spiritual manifestation was anything but pure.
###chapter1629
Chapter 1629 Blissful Ignorance
Dalton naturally knew that, given Wynter's intelligence, she'd likely piece things together.
He hadn't wanted to reveal himself, but there was something here that belonged to him. Furthermore, given the number of demons gathered here, he knew Wynter wasn't yet equipped to handle them.
Wynter studied him closely while he held her hand the entire time.
"Keep moving forward. The fog gets thicker up ahead, so stay alert," Dalton said softly.
Listening to him, Wynter suddenly remarked, "You seem awfully familiar with this place."
"Mm-hmm. Part of my soul wandered into a similar place when I was severely ill. It was Mr. Stavius who saved me back then." Dalton's words carried a mix of truth and subtle evasion.
Wynter chuckled and grasped his hand as well. "You are full of secrets. They say the more attractive the man, the more dangerous he is. It turns out they were right about that."
Beauty, indeed, was its own kind of peril.
But Wynter could guess why he'd come-he was here to help her. She also couldn't help but wonder what was significant enough for him to risk exposing his secrets unless, of course, the danger was truly grave.
Wynter couldn't resist. With a raised brow, she flicked a lucky token forward, using it to probe what lay ahead. Sure enough, she sensed demonic energy.
She recalled Atwater mentioning how, in the current era, unborn souls and demonic creatures were relatively rare. Saviour and Ancient Beasts, as well as many demons, had been suppressed or wiped out long ago by the Heavenly Law. Humanity, as heaven's chosen one, had the protection to ensure no excessively destructive beings could exist unchecked.
Yet, she had seen Ancient Beasts and Saviors with her own eyes. So, the demons" presence didn't surprise her. According to Atwater, any place inhabited by demons was destined to witness bloodshed. That was because no one, not even the most seasoned cultivators, could confront a demon without having their mind unsettled.
Demons had a way of unraveling one's resolve, breaking humans down from within. One might find themselves battling not an external force but the darkest recesses of their own heart. Many either went mad or ended up as a meal for these creatures.
Wynter's brief scan confirmed that there were more than just a few demons in this place. Yet, none of them had attacked, nor had they attempted to corrode her spirit. Was this because of Dalton?
With that thought in mind, they had already made it more than halfway through. She couldn't fully make out the path ahead in her current state.
Leo, who was late to the scene, had sensed Wynter in danger and hurried over. From within the mist, he saw countless demons lurking, all poised as if ready to strike. Yet, Dalton calmly held Wynter's hand, leading her forward.
Behind them, a trail of shadowy creatures followed-not to attack, but rather as though drawn by him, like servants shadowing a king. It seemed that this happened every time Dalton appeared.
The sight made Leo's face pale. Each of these demons was powerful enough to devour him whole, yet the black feathers that fell as Dalton moved seemed to burn any demon they touched.
Leo saw this clearly, though Wynter remained unaware. He couldn't help but wonder again if it was truly safe for Wynter to be with such a person, but he dared not voice his fears. After all, only Dalton could bring her safely out of such a dangerous place.
Wynter, meanwhile, sensed little out of the ordinary. The only thing she noticed was that Dalton's energy felt different more unfathomable and inscrutable than before.
###chapter1630
Chapter 1630 Cleaning up the Mess
Edward had managed to escape, but it was merely enough for him to survive-he didn't have time to destroy much of the evidence.
Nothing had gone according to his plans. Every exit was guarded, and if he hadn't killed a villager and used
witchcraft to wear their face as a disguise, he would have been captured in this intense manhunt. There had been no warning, no tip-off-nothing.
Normally, with his connections, he could've easily been informed in advance if something was going down, especially since this wasn't a high-security area like Kingbourne. But not a single message came.
He was forced to take a narrow, secluded path, and most of his organization's members were left stranded in Valen Village. Edward hoped they'd find a way to escape, but the wailing sirens outside told him that was probably nothing more than wishful thinking.
"Who are they?" he exclaimed in frustration. He was normally obsessed with cleanliness, but he now paid it no mind.
"And where is Eliana? Where is the real Eliana?" Edward's mind raced. The scholarship committee was gone for good, but as long as he could keep Eliana in his grasp, their plans wouldn't fully unravel!
"I-I don't know..." his bodyguards stammered, looking bewildered.
Edward's voice dropped, his tone cold. "Head to the Linden household in the city. If someone is impersonating Eliana, then the real one must still be at home. Contact the people watching her grandparents. I want Eliana in front of me within half an hour."
The bodyguards nodded, immediately trying to make the call. However, strangely, the line that had been available just moments ago was now dead. They glanced at each other, their fear evident as they huddled, too wary to move openly.
"N-No one picked up... We can't reach them..." one of the bodyguards stammered.
No one picked up? Edward's eyes darkened as he replayed the day's events in his mind. "Stop trying."
The files showed that one of Eliana's grandparents was immobile, suffering from a severe illness. There was no way their operatives could have lost two elderly people-unless they had already been switched out!
Edward's intuition was sharp, and he knew better than to keep trying.
"Turn off all signals on your phones," he ordered. A chill ran down his spine as a gust of wind hit him.
From the initial blackout to the sudden, stealthy ambush... something was clearly wrong. No warning came from the security room, despite their system covering the village's every corner, even around the supermarket.
The town's main surveillance feeds, as well as those surrounding Nexus Corporation, were all under their control. Yet, somehow, this attack had not triggered a single alert!
Someone had tampered with their surveillance network! And whoever was after them had a skilled hacker in their ranks!
Edward's gaze sharpened suddenly, his thin lips trembling as he barked out orders. "Get in touch with that man in the provincial government-tell him to wipe any trace of our IP addresses immediately!"
Those Cascadian allies could be sacrificed if needed, but not the connection in the province. If even the connection was implicated, their entire operation could be exposed.
"Also, get in touch with the teachers we've placed in various schools. Have them take care of any sensitive materials they're holding, especially those in the laboratory schools! Except for the ones handling Eliana's case, all others need to resign immediately!" Edward continued.
He knew the scholarship committee was done for, but he couldn't lose the education network as well. It had taken them immense effort to infiltrate. He couldn't let anyone notice that now!
After setting things in motion, Edward clenched his fists, his expression twisted with fury. The moment he knew whoever was behind this, he intended to deal with them personally, no matter the cost!
###chapter1631
Chapter 1631 Not One to Be Trifled With
Among the magnates left behind, some held influential ties. Edward refused to believe the authorities could truly dispose of them all.
Despite Cascadia's resurgence and strict governance, certain regions had always been steeped in traditions of networking and "favors". He doubted that even the most powerful hands could erase such connections easily.
A particular guest came to mind-Keesha, a high-ranking provincial official's daughter. Her search for a young womb was no ordinary vanity but a desperation for a surrogate.
In touching these elites, the opposition risked offending some very powerful individuals indeed. Yes, Edward was cornered. But if he had to suffer, he would make sure his enemies tasted a fair share of misery, too!
And it turned out he was indeed right about some things.
Keesha, who was still in her fox mask, remained unfazed, even as the authorities stormed the premises and took control. She was indeed nervous initially, but once everything settled down, her moment of alarm faded quickly into an air of calm arrogance.
"I suggest you consult your superior before deciding to cuff me," she said coolly, her confidence radiating. Consult your superiors? The Special Unit members exchanged bewildered glances. Did she know Wynter? That seemed impossible. She certainly didn't look like someone who could be on familiar terms with Wynter. They proceeded to bring out the handcuffs without hesitation.
With a laugh, Keesha seemed to find the situation amusing. "Do you even know who my father is? After all the opportunities I gave you, is this how you treat me? You better call someone who can actually make decisions." Her tone wasn't just flippant-it dripped with entitlement. Others in the room mirrored her sentiments, leveraging their wealth to convey that any action taken against them would be too costly to the enforcers.
This was a crowd that was rotten from their core, their privilege blinding them to the consequences of their actions.
Though they would prefer if no one found out about their wrongdoings, it seemed that they thought not of guilt but rather of how to wield their influence to escape repercussions once caught.
This was especially true for Keesha, who had grown up with a silver spoon in her mouth. When her academic performance faltered, she simply manipulated the system, easily finding ways to get someone else to take her college entrance exams for her.
While she had learned nothing of substance, she effortlessly navigated the business world by placing herself in front of a fa?ade of legitimacy, all the while enjoying a position within the bureaucratic system.
Real skills and knowledge weren't necessary for her when hiring practices were tailored to ensure she was handed a position, even if it was a token role created just for her.
Those ordinary families toiled tirelessly to take exams, yet even the top scorer had to step aside for her.
This lifelong experience instilled in Keesha the belief that the police officers before her, with their meager salaries, were inconsequential. She thought that if they wanted to advance in their careers, they should reconsider the consequences of arresting her.
The Special Unit had conducted numerous operations, most of which involved capturing foreign spies or handling non-human incidents, along with more high-profile rescue missions. Each of these operations was highly confidential.
Someone like Keesha was indeed not significant enough to know of the Special Unit. Hence, she had no idea that they were authorities that even her father couldn't touch.
Her arrogance only grew, especially when she recognized the familiar police uniforms. "What? Don't you have the guts to call your superior?"
Just then, Wynter returned to the scene. Her neck had felt cold all this time, but she placed a hand on her nape and confidently declared, "I'm the one in charge. What do you want to discuss?"
The fox mask had fallen at Keesha's feet. She looked at Wynter before her and remembered vividly how she had suddenly flipped over from the other side, and the man following closely behind her...
###chapter1632
Chapter 1632 Putting Them in Place
Keesha lowered her gaze, wondering why Dalton looked so familiar without a mask. She was still wrecking her head, trying to piece things together, when someone gasped.
"The Yarwood family from Sorzada City! Why is he here? He's the one with the crow mask earlier! Why is he with her?" someone exclaimed.
Even among the magnates, certain families held a weight that others wouldn't dare challenge, and the Yarwood family was one of them.
Under any other circumstances, these once-boastful magnates would have been tripping over themselves to get Dalton's contact information, eager to make future connections. But now, in this unfolding situation, they were left reeling, caught completely off guard.
Wynter, seeing their bewilderment, kindly revealed her true face.
Keesha stared in shock, a surge of jealousy flashing in her eyes.
Wynter's appearance was mesmerizing, both alluring and intense, with a seductive edge that left a lasting impression. Her striking face was accentuated by a tear mole beneath her left eye, and when she looked down at people, her gaze was both fierce and enchanting.
"Alright, now that introductions are out of the way, let's hear your requests for when you're formally detained. Will it be connections or money you'll try to use?" Wynter said as she toyed with her purple sugilite pendant.
Though she spoke with a smile, a chill filled the room, silencing the magnates, who'd been shouting moments before.
How could it be Wynter? Wasn't she supposed to be locked up? The magnates had received news that she had already confessed to her crimes and was in custody!
Why was she here? She was supposed to just be a mere "product"! Was it a disguise technique she used? And even worse-why was she claiming to be in charge of this operation?
The magnates' eyes widened, shaken to their cores. They even took a subconscious step back in fear. No one had ever hinted that the Quinnell family held such connections.
No, it was more than that-none of the prominent business circles, not even the Chamber of Commerce or the loyal remnants of Gordon's era, had any inkling that Wynter, supposedly retrieved from the rural countryside, had such a formidable identity!
These magnates, accustomed to pulling the strings of others' fates, now felt true terror. Suddenly, they remembered the Wray and Montclair families' downfall, who'd vanished in a single night!
They'd always assumed the Quinnell family's internal power struggles were orchestrated by Fabian, brushing off online reports as mere marketing stunts. After all, how could a young lady wield such power?
But now, the situation laid bare a reality far more terrifying than anything they'd imagined!
They wondered how Fredric's plans to brand her as guilty of manipulating the stock market would even work, given Wynter's authority. It was becoming clear that she'd allowed herself to be captured on purpose, perhaps as part of an even grander scheme to bring down Fredric himself!
If that was the case, that would mean that Wynter's stock war with the Wray family was far from a simple plan to cripple them!
The magnates weren't foolish. Wynter's sudden reveal connected all the dots they'd previously overlooked.
They also understood something even more chilling. It didn't matter if they knew her identity or not because her plans were nearing completion. Or, more accurately, she wasn't afraid for them to see her face because there was no way they'd ever have the chance to tell anyone!
With that in mind, the magnates instantly paled.
Wynter stood there with a relaxed, almost lazy posture, raising her chin slightly as she spoke in a calm, clear voice. "Whatever moves you plan to make, I suggest you do so quickly. Otherwise, you might run out of time."
###chapter1633
Chapter 1633 A Visit From the Special Unit
Keesha had never encountered someone like Wynter before a girl who seemed even more superior to her. Furthermore, Wynter's striking appearance was too stunning not to stir envy!
Keesha sneered. "Oh, we'd love to make a call. The question is, will you dare allow us?"
The other magnates froze. Wynter's appearance gave them an uneasy sense that relying on connections might be the wrong move here.
True to form, Wynter's smile only grew. She stood there, tall and elegant, before casting a sidelong glance. "Give this lady her phone so she can make her call."
The Special Unit members knew Wynter well enough they could tell she was setting a trap. They'd just have to record the call. Without hesitation, they handed over the phone.
Keesha hesitated slightly. Wynter's willingness had thrown her off, but upon reflection, it made sense.
Ordinary police officers might not recognize her, but she assumed the operation's head would. After all, in the past, when she'd caused a serious accident due to intoxicated driving, the officers on duty had let her off privately once they saw who she was.
To her, a little money and her father's appearance could smooth out any problem. After all, her father was the top official in the province. She was confident people here wouldn't dare to go against her.
Hence, with only a slight pause, Keesha arrogantly snatched the phone and quickly dialed her father's number.
In truth, Keesha's father genuinely didn't want to answer her call at times. However, given that she was his only daughter, he had to indulge her in everything. However, having just retired recently, he knew he had to be more cautious about many things.
Hence, it was his secretary, Enzo Maximus, who answered the call. "Ms. Nord, your father is still in a meeting. Could you perhaps wait for him to return your call shortly?"
Keesha wasn't having it. "I am in fucking custody right now! Return my call shortly? Then what the heck do I do now, huh? Do you want me to send you my location so you can deal with it instead?"
In custody? At a time like this?
Alarmed, Enzo replied cautiously, "Ms. Nord, this is a critical period. We have high-level officials in town now. Your father might not be able to appear personally."
Keesha couldn't care less about his concern. "Well, do as you see fit! I'm his only daughter!"
With that, she was going to end the call.
However, as her father's secretary, Enzo was fearful to allow her to end the call. "Ms. Nord, could you pass the phone to the authorities? I'd like to speak with them directly."
Keesha gave Wynter a haughty look. "He wants to speak to you."
Wynter accepted the call, fully aware of the power dynamic at play.
On the other end, Enzo spoke calmly. "Good evening. The person you've detained is Mr. Nord's daughter. There must be some misunderstanding here. We understand you're working hard, but Mr. Nord is currently unavailable. Can we arrange a time to discuss any procedural issues?"
"Sure," Wynter replied casually, a smile dancing on her lips. "I'll be sure to find an opportunity to speak with Mr. Nord. But I'm curious, could you remind me of Mr. Nord's full name?"
Enzo paused, taken aback by her question. The tension in his voice escalated as he replied, "It's Julius Nord. I didn't realize you were so under-trained that you don't even know of Mr. Nord."
"Now that I've heard it, please inform Mr. Nord that the Special Unit is ready to visit at any time. He should be prepared to invite us," Wynter stated, her tone unfazed.
In an instant, Enzo was at a loss for words.
###chapter1634
Chapter 1634 His World Collapsed
The Special Unit? In an instant, Enzo was sent into a state of panic. His forehead broke into a cold sweat, and his mind buzzed as the gravity of the situation hit him hard. Only one thought echoed in his head everything was over!
Ordinary people might not recognize the name, but as a provincial government employee, he knew it all too well. The Special Unit operated beyond their jurisdiction.
Strictly speaking, the Special Unit's administrative level was significantly higher than theirs.
The Special Unit handled large-scale cases and would sometimes even collaborate directly with Special Forces in operations. They answered directly to the country and were extremely secretive. Even high-ranking officials wouldn't know who these people were.
After what felt like an eternity, Enzo managed to find his voice. Wiping his brow nervously, he forced a strained smile and stammered, "A misunderstanding this must be a misunderstanding. May I ask for your name?
"We hadn't anticipated that the Special Unit would be handling domestic matters. We only wish to understand what Mr. Nord's daughter is accused of. Naturally, if she's truly involved in something against social order, she should face punishment!"
Enzo's words carried a tone of forced righteousness as he attempted to salvage the situation!
Wynter had left the phone on speaker, allowing Keesha to hear everything.
Keesha's shrill voice sounded. "Who did you say should be punished? Are you out of your mind, Enzo Maximus? Do you want to lose your job? Put my dad on the phone! I'm going to make sure he fires you!
"This has always been easy to handle. What's different this time? Oh, I get it, there's probably another inspection from the top, isn't there?"
She scoffed, thoroughly convinced of her insight. "Well, I don't care what you're so worried about. I'm not staying in this precinct for another minute. You'd better get over here and smooth this out with the police or whatever unit they're called. Get in touch with your connections."
On the other end, Enzo could only wish he was dead. He was helpless to stop her tirade, but every word she spoke was digging his grave deeper. By now, his eyes were filled with despair.
This was when Wynter decided to chuckle. "So, this was all usually 'easy to handle,' huh? It seems that Mr. Nord and Mr. Maximus made a habit of bending the rules. From the looks of this lady over here, I must say you people are truly impressive."
Enzo opened his mouth to respond, but before he could even muster a word, the line went dead as Wynter ended the call.
To Wynter, there was no point in entertaining more empty words over the phone. It would be far more productive to let them do the talking once the cuffs were on.
After the call abruptly ended, Enzo felt as though the ground beneath him was crumbling. He braced himself against the desk, swaying slightly from the weight of the moment.
His assistant, Gabriel Nox, seeing his distress, rushed forward to support him. "Mr. Maximus, are you okay? Is it low blood sugar?"
Enzo took a deep breath. "Quick, find a way to get Mr. Nord out here. Tell him I have an urgent matter to discuss!" "Alright, don't worry," Gabriel said, though his confusion was palpable. He couldn't imagine what could be more urgent than the meeting happening right now, but he quickly turned and rushed toward the third floor.
Meanwhile, in the auction's chaotic aftermath, Keesha stayed stunned. She hadn't expected the call to end just like that.
To her surprise, Wynter didn't let her off even after the phone call. In fact, she even wanted to bring her away, which was a blow to her pride.
With a sharp, mocking laugh, she sneered. "Do you even know what the name 'Julius Nord' means in this province? You have no idea who you're dealing with! Where are these country bumpkins even coming from?" She fumed, believing that those who enjoyed privileges like hers were always exceptionally clever and savvy.
###chapter1635
Chapter 1635 Impending Doom
From what Wynter had said earlier and Enzo's reaction, it should be clear to anyone foreign to the Special Unit that this unit outranked even Julius' position.
However, as someone privileged, Keesha believed she could control everything. It was clear she had failed to grasp even the most obvious logic.
Wynter, feeling an itch for the sheer ignorance of it all, raised her hand and gestured to someone to shut her up. She looked at Keesha, her voice icy. "Don't worry, I'll bring you along when I visit your father and will make sure to ask him about the question you just asked. What exactly does 'Julius Nord' mean in this province?
"You seem to have forgotten that your father's power is given by the people. Now, you want to use this power to buy lives, all to enjoy that feeling of being untouchable and superior.
"Cascadia prohibits organ trafficking. Right now, this is the only crime you committed that I'm aware of. But don't worry. I'll have someone look into all the things you've managed to cover up before.
"As for anyone from your father's side who helped you conceal those crimes, I'll make sure not one of them escapes. I'll send them all to jail."
Keesha, listening to Wynter's words, couldn't control her movements anymore. However, her eyes seemed to burn with fury, as if telling Wynter that she had a death wish.
Wynter didn't want to waste any more time on Keesha. After pressing an acupoint, she turned her attention to the remaining few people, who were now visibly trembling.
They knew Keesha's identity now and had all heard her phone call. It was now clear that even the provincial connections were useless.
Wynter's presence here was like a glaring signal that no matter who showed up, everyone would have to come clean.
The fact that this operation had erupted without warning was a clear sign that it was on a much higher level than anything they had encountered before. Once they realized this, their faces turned even paler.
Wynter, however, had no intention of letting them go.
She strode toward them before casually saying, "Earlier, while I was on stage, I overheard all of you saying I deserved to be arrested and how you secretly conspired to force the Whitman family out of the Chamber of Commerce.
"Let's just say I made sure the last group of people who framed the Whitman family went bankrupt and ended up in prison. You won't be any different."
None of them were able to keep their legs from trembling.
The Special Unit operated swiftly. They had captured so many people, but there was no trace of them now on the scene.
No one dared to use their connections. They knew the more they tried to leverage influence, the worse it would end up for them. Hence, even an hour later, the only person left trying to send out information was Edward, who had gone into hiding.
The last thing Julius wanted was to be disturbed during his work hours.
Gabriel, however, was clever and discreet. While serving tea to the officials in the meeting, he slipped a note beside Julius' hand.
Julius frowned slightly, clearly displeased by the interruption. He glanced at the note that read, "Ms. Nord is in trouble. The situation is urgent, and she needs you."
Though Julius had always been disappointed by his only daughter, whom he considered stubborn and reckless, he still indulged her. Otherwise, he wouldn't have used his influence to cover up her mistakes or lost his principles in the process.
"Alright, I can see that everyone is tired." Julius raised his hand theatrically and glanced at the time. "Let's take a 30-minute break before continuing."
The people in the room were unaware of what had just happened. After all, when and how meetings proceeded were entirely up to the higher-ups.
And, as someone about to retire, Julius was clearly not happy with the arrival of the newly appointed figure in charge Lucas.
###chapter1636
Chapter 1636 Plans Down the Drain
Julius had intended to preserve his influence even after his retirement. He wanted to be someone who could still sway decisions when necessary. He thought his presence would remind Lucas that not just anyone could lead effectively in his position!
Upon receiving the note, Julius didn't feel particularly rushed. He was so used to handling Keesha's mishaps that it had become routine.
Striding into his private lounge, the first thing he said to Enzo was, "Is it another drunk driving case? Is that really something you can't manage?"
"It's not drunk driving..." Enzo still looked visibly shaken.
Julius' face darkened. "Not drunk driving? What is it, then? Drugs again? How many times have I told you to keep an eye on her? Which stage of the process is she at now? Call the people from the drug-testing institution."
"No, it's neither." Enzo took off his glasses, placing them down along with his work badge.
Julius noticed something off in Enzo's demeanor. "What's going on? Just say it. My daughter may be reckless, but she's not capable of murder-I know her limits."
"I'm afraid it's something much worse," Enzo replied, squeezing his eyes shut. "I don't know the full details, but the ones who arrested her were from the Special Unit!"
The Special Unit? Julius' movements slowed, and a wave of dread washed over him, his face turning ashen. With a crash, the glass in Julius' hand shattered as it hit the floor. He wondered how Keesha had provoked such a relentless force.
Panic started setting in. "Where are they? Where are they holding her?"
Enzo shook his head, steadying his voice before relaying everything Wynter had said. "She said she'd come visit you to thoroughly discuss all the matters you've handled for Ms. Nord."
At that moment, Julius' sense of control and all his strategy plans evaporated. His recent aspirations to subtly assert dominance over Lucas seemed trivial against this looming crisis.
Moments ago, he'd been concerned only about Keesha. But now, the harsh reality hit him if the Special Unit was investigating Keesha, they'd certainly investigate him, too! Everything was over!
Julius had never experienced anything this overwhelming. His vision darkened, and he collapsed on the spot.
Meanwhile, Fredric was still aiming to curry favor with Lucas. He figured it would be useful to discern Lucas' preferences for future leverage.
However, he was interrupted by an unexpected call from Edison. Knowing there was likely good news, he quickly excused himself. "Mr. Keller, please continue without me. It's a personal call."
Lucas gave him a nod, seemingly indifferent. However, in reality, Lucas was waiting for updates from Wynter, whom he suspected was already in action.
Lucas had sensed during his time at Mindcrest High School that the underlying issues were far from simple. This suspicion was heightened with the recent surge of confidential files flowing to his office and the discovery of a security breach in the provincial office's systems.
He remembered Wynter had a particularly skilled young hacker in her team.
"Mr. Keller, would you like me to follow him?" his bodyguard, Eugene Aldaine, asked.
Eugene was the only bodyguard Lucas had brought with him. However, he was no ordinary guard. He was brought over from the military specifically to safeguard Lucas and was well-equipped to support certain operations when necessary.
###chapter1637
Chapter 1637 Capturing Everyone
Lucas shook his head. "It's not time yet."
Meanwhile, Fredric, still basking in his perceived victory, was oblivious to Lucas' suspicions.
He took the call from Edison, who burst into laughter. "Mr. Monty, you had to be there to see it! The expression on the Whitman brothers' faces was priceless-utter disbelief! They never imagined they'd be abandoned by everyone!
"You truly have a way with things. With just a simple move, you managed to have the Whitman family expelled from the Chamber of Commerce. From here on, they'll only be slowly drained until there's nothing left!"
Fredric, ever composed, responded, "This is just the beginning. Keep pushing with public opinion online. Wynter had managed to set up a virtuous public image, but with so many stockholders now suffering losses, it's only natural the public would demand answers.
"Mobilize the other members, too. With the Whitman family's diminished influence, why should others stick around if there's no profit left to gain? Aren't I right, Edison?"
Realizing the implications, Edison hastily replied, "You're right! I didn't think that far ahead! I'll get everything set up immediately. By tomorrow, they'll have no footing left!"
Fredric nodded in satisfaction. "Alright. I'm still having a private dinner with Mr. Keller."
"Of course, of course!" Edison, though only on the phone, was bowing deferentially.
After the call, he muttered to himself, "Only those who follow the official path really understand power. Luckily for me, I'm on Mr. Monty's side."
To him, the Whitman family's downfall seemed inevitable.
"Aren't you so mighty, Noah Whitman? Soon, when your family crumbles, we'll see who the real lapdog is!" Edison exclaimed with a smug smile.
When Edison picked up the phone again, it was as if he could already see the scene that would unfold soon. His laughter grew even more unrestrained, with no intention of hiding his satisfaction.
Rosalyn, observing his escalating arrogance, finally went upstairs to intervene. "It wouldn't hurt to show some restraint. Don't forget, the Whitman family had once helped the Waldron family."
"Who asked for your opinion?" Edison scoffed before getting up to leave.
Rosalyn frowned. "Where are you going?"
"Somewhere that I can be happy. I feel like retching having to look at your wrinkled face every day." He sneered, shedding any last trace of restraint.
Meanwhile, Lucas received a message from Wynter. "Lucas, find a place that can hold 20 people. The ones we've caught this time are powerful and influential. My people will deliver them to you. Let's see if anyone comes to bail them out."
Lucas immediately recognized Wynter's action. He didn't even bother with pretense anymore, ready to respond as he stood up.
Meanwhile, Fredric was still speaking. "Mr. Keller, I was so surprised when I first saw you. I didn't expect such a young leader."
Lucas remained indifferent, subtly avoiding Fredric's attempt to engage him physically.
Just then, another message came through.
"Fredric Monty, Julius Nord, Donald Gresham. These three should be controlled on-site for now. Wait for me to meet up with you, and I'll explain everything in detail. Also, the teachers at Mindcrest High School are involved in
this. I'll need your people's help."
As Lucas read the message, Fredric was still trying to flatter him. "Some people have been maliciously manipulating the stock market recently, causing significant economic damage to the people. Now that you're here, such things shouldn't happen again."
"You're right," Lucas replied calmly. As he pocketed his phone, he glanced at Eugene, who was beside him. Without a word, Eugene immediately sprang to action, pinning Fredric to the dining table.
###chapter1638
Chapter 1638 Reaping What You Sow
Fredric was stunned by the sudden force, his face pressing painfully against the table, his hair smeared with the fish oil from the dish.
Usually, Fredric was extremely particular about his meals, insisting on only eating one side of any fish no matter the cost of the dish. He claimed this ritual kept his luck flowing smoothly. Yet today, his face was smeared against the untouched side of the fish.
He hadn't even had the chance to feel the rage yet. He merely stared at Lucas with a trace of disbelief flickering in his eyes as he struggled to rise to his feet.
Lucas' words hit him like a punch in the gut. "Fredric Monty, you've abused the authority given to you by the people. You formed self-serving alliances with the Wray and Montclair families, suppressed honest business owners, and exploited your position shamelessly.
"Furthermore, according to the evidence, you're implicated in the human organ trafficking case in Valen Village."
Lucas could barely contain his fury. He had been in Hawford only briefly, yet Wynter had already been framed and thrown into prison.
He knew fully well that foreign capital was manipulating the stock market, using insider connections to drain domestic funds. The Wray and Montclair families, along with others from the Chamber of Commerce, were facilitating this from within, losing their principles for money.
Wynter had involved herself in the stock market to prevent these people from siphoning off vast amounts of capital from domestic investors. Despite inevitable market losses, this stabilized the stock prices, ultimately protecting countless investors.
But Lucas was furious that Fredric dared to twist the truth, publicly smearing Wynter as a criminal by exploiting his position.
Of course, Lucas understood all the tricks and complexities involved here. Since his transfer, he'd encountered nothing but people who pulled him into endless eating and drinking sessions, spouting empty platitudes.
Even Julius, who was going to retire soon, was clearly trying to set a trap for him.
Before he arrived, Jackson had made time to discuss in depth the approach Lucas should take once he reached this new post. He emphasized the importance of careful observation, thoughtful consideration, and, above all, engaging closely with the common people.
Hawford had a long-standing history of commerce, stretching back centuries to its days as a prosperous land of wheat.
The word "commerce" was far more than just business-it carried the weight of resilience.
In difficult times, Gordon had established a network to ensure front lines weren't eating scrapes. In order to protect Cascadia, he used his own resources to build a foundation that sustained the nation's strength.
With limited means, he had even reached out to friends overseas to procure weapons.
This was why the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce still reserved a place for overseas Cascadians. After all, Gordon and the Cascadians abroad had done so much for the country.
When conflicts arose between nations, it was often the common people who suffered the most.
On one hand, Cascadian business people must continually produce products that appeal to consumers to reclaim the domestic market share Cascadians had to sacrifice at the start of the reforms.
On the other hand, Jackson had advised Lucas to learn from Wynter. Jackson had also specifically reminded him to pay a visit to the Whitman family-a duty he should fulfill both personally and professionally.
Lucas was to ask about the challenges Cascadia businesses face, especially the veteran entrepreneurs who remained committed to domestic goods.
Jackson, childless and long retired, hadn't hesitated to step back in when needed, even if it meant working tirelessly.
But after their work discussion, the first question Jackson asked was, "How's Wynter doing? Tell her this latest move into the stock market was exceptionally decisive. Plus, the way she revitalized the applesauce factory is exactly what we need to be doing."
###chapter1639
Chapter 1639 Fredric's Regret
Lucas could hear the deep pride and affection Jackson had for Wynter. This wasn't surprising, given that she was an apprentice Jackson had gotten from Southdale and one who he owed his life to.
Lucas dared not tell Jackson that Wynter had been suppressed by those in power. He knew Jackson too well. He was devoted to the country and couldn't stand such injustice.
Lucas feared that Jackson would worry. His position was so important that if it were shaken, it would become a major issue.
Hence, Lucas continued to deceive and play along with these people, listening to their nonsense about "preferring to do nothing than to make mistakes".
Everything contrasted with the conversation he'd had with Jackson before he left.
Back then, they stood together atop a building, looking out over the endless mountains in the distance when Jackson said, "Do what you must without hesitation just as you did in Southdale. I am here in Kingbourne, waiting for you and Wynter to return."
These people simply didn't deserve any mercy!
"You used the power in your hands to disregard the value of others' lives."
Lucas wasn't one to display his emotions so openly given his position. He had always maintained an image of being knowledgeable and composed. Yet, at that moment, as he received Wynter's dossier, there was a glaring anger in his eyes.
"People like you deserve to die!" Lucas exclaimed.
Even Eugene was surprised that Lucas was capable of saying such words.
Fredric had long frozen. The moment he heard the words "Valen Village", he stiffened.
For him, things like the manipulation of interests, framing conscientious entrepreneurs, or even the trafficking of human organs didn't mean much. What truly concerned him was Valen Village.
After all, he knew that the mere occurrence of Valen Village being in the spotlight meant an in-depth investigation for him.
The entrepreneurs' framing was something he could easily justify by claiming he was just acting based on evidence. As for the benefit exchange with the Wray family, he had never even met them in person.
He deleted any prior records on the first day in his position. As long as he didn't admit anything, no one could force him to face charges.
After all, the old man would never allow him to fall so easily. If Fredric were brought down, he would definitely be affected, too. Moreover, Valen Village's issue had ties to the old man, which was why Fredric paid extra attention to it.
But Fredric couldn't understand how someone like Lucas had noticed such a small, inconspicuous village. What exactly happened there?
Fredric was overwhelmed. He couldn't even begin to imagine what would happen to him if Valen Village's scandal came to light.
His mind raced as he thought about the identity of the person responsible for this investigation and why they were investigating Valen Village in the first place.
Then, Fredric suddenly realized something didn't add up. Regardless of which department took action, he should have received a notification. Even if there was some movement from the higher-ups, the old man would have known about it.
Just like this time, Lucas' appointment wasn't simple-he had brought along an investigation team, undoubtedly with other tasks in mind. So, even before Lucas arrived, they had already destroyed any traces that needed to be
erased.
For instance, the suicide case in Club Solstice involving Kenton had already been classified as a closed case. Even if someone wanted to investigate, if Vanessa's parents didn't agree, the investigation couldn't proceed.
Furthermore, they had been monitoring the investigation team closely and found no signs of unusual activity in the past couple of days.
For him, it felt as if the world had collapsed. Without the protection of power, he had lost all means to escape. He screamed out in desperation as his face pressed against the desk, "Who is it? Who is investigating Valen Village?"
"You'll have your answers when the time comes." Lucas' voice was calm. When he lifted his gaze, he spoke only three words. "Take him away."
###chapter1640
Chapter 1640 Kind People Still Exist
This was a covert operation. Hence, the news of Fredric's arrest would not reach anyone else.
Therefore, Edison was currently basking in the orders Fredric had given him earlier. Nothing could have made him happier than seeing the Whitman family's downfall.
In fact, Edison was already celebrating with a glass of red wine, raising his glass in triumph at his mistress' place. What he didn't realize, however, was that this would become the biggest regret of his life.
Rosalyn didn't want to be the kind of person who repaid kindness with harm. Hence, she decided to visit the Whitman family under the cover of the night.
She was clever in not asking to meet Reuben directly, but simply mentioning that she wanted to catch up with Marie.
Although they had shared occasional meals in the past due to their shared social circles, she wasn't close with Marie. Rosalyn had always been closer to Lynette than Marie. Strictly speaking, they were merely acquaintances. When they sat down, Marie's gaze remained calm and distant. She wasn't overly friendly as she was aware of the conversation Rosalyn had previously had with Wynter. In fact, her gaze was almost cold. The meeting was more out of politeness.
After taking a sip of tea, Rosalyn felt uneasy and decided to get straight to the point. "I won't beat around the bush, Marie. My husband, Edison, may bring harm to the Whitman family."
Her words immediately stunned Marie. Her reaction, however, was genuine. She gently patted Rosalyn's shoulder. "Don't worry, Rose. Take your time. I'll listen."
It had been a long time since Rosalyn was called by her real name, and hearing it now, her eyes suddenly grew misty.
Rosalyn knew she had been relegated to the role of a "useless old wife" in Edison's eyes. Even her only son was distant from her.
His son knew about Edison's affair and still blamed her, saying, "Mom, it's because you keep acting like this that Dad goes outside to find someone young and beautiful. Can't you take care of yourself a bit more?
"Even I get tired of hearing all the lectures you give him. Nowadays, everyone's trying to climb the social ladder. Can't you have a bit more ambition?
"Alright, I've gotta go. Someone invited me to play tennis. And stop voice messaging me. The internet connection overseas is bad. Just send more money when you can. I've maxed out my credit cards."
This was precisely why she finally made up her mind to visit the Whitman family.
For more than 20 years, her only identity was Edison's wife. She was bound to his choices and forced to go along with things she despised. Now, she was determined to do what she truly wanted!
Rosalyn looked at Marie before continuing, "I don't know the exact methods he plans to use, but your family needs to be wary of people in the government." Rosalyn had already mustered all her courage to say that.
"Marie, it's not as simple this time. They've decided to make a move now because it seems that Wynter has done something that has impacted certain people's interests.
"I overheard Edison on the phone. This isn't just someone from Hawford but someone with an even higher authority. Hence, contacting the people who owed Mr. Reuben favors won't work anymore. They could even turn those connections against the Whitman family.
"Their entry point is Wynter's recent stock involvement. They're planning to use this to discredit her completely, causing a full-blown reputational collapse.
"Then, they'll use this scandal as a weapon to dismantle the Whitman family's influence, leaving you guys with no chance for recovery."
Marie was visibly anxious now. Wynter's imprisonment had already struck the Quinnell and Whitman families like a bolt from the blue.
within just a single day, Sebastian had rushed to countless places, arguing that this type of arbitrary judgment was entirely improper without a formal trial.
###chapter1641
Chapter 1641 Everyone Has to Grow Up Someday
Wynter couldn't possibly be unaware of what was going on.
Furthermore, Sebastian was a lawyer who specialized in economic crimes. He knew there was no way Wynter would be in custody this quickly. Yet, with no warning at all, her "guilt" had been publicly declared.
Sebastian was furious. He tore off his tie and declared that there was definitely corruption involved. Albert was also using his connection. Even Fabian rushed down from Kingbourne and had just arrived.
Meanwhile, Reuben had reached out to every contact he could find, even those from his days in the education system.
Marie clenched her fists. "They promised my dad they'd look into it."
"They were just stringing Mr. Reuben along. The higher-ups have already given their orders." Rosalyn continued with a quiet voice, "They want this situation to cause a relapse in Mr. Reuben's health so that Whitman's family will truly be finished."
At that very moment, a low voice came from the doorway. "So, that's what's happening. I was wondering why nothing has changed for Wynter after a whole day."
It was Noah. His eyes were dark, clearly filled with anger. Every single one of those people owed something to the Whitman family. And now, when it counted, they were all lining up to kick the Whitman family down.
Perhaps the saying that the Whitman family was too kind was true, after all.
Rosalyn hadn't expected Noah to appear, especially since she had deliberately chosen this time to visit to avoid attention.
"Mr. Whitman." She immediately stood up from the couch. "I don't want any involvement beyond today--I just felt that I had to do this. But if anything comes of it, please don't let anyone know it was me who spoke."
Noah was truly grateful for Rosalyn's help. There weren't many left who would still come to the Whitman family and warn them at a time like this.
"Thank you," he said, noticing her readiness to leave. He turned and instructed, "Mr. Mccoy, please escort her out, and make sure no one sees."
Rosalyn appreciated his thoughtfulness and courtesy. She had come in haste, and now she was leaving just as quickly.
As they passed, Noah said softly, "The Whitman family will never forget your kindness today. If you ever need help, we will repay it."
But Rosalyn wasn't here to get them to owe her. Her visit stemmed from a genuine wish not to see the decline of entrepreneurs like the Whitmans-a family her father had often praised when he was alive.
Sometimes, she wondered if things would have been different if her father had lived longer. Maybe then she wouldn't be feeling so stifled now.
But everyone had to grow up someday. They couldn't live sheltered forever.
Rosalyn had not achieved much in her life and had even married a man who valued her father's power more than anything else. All she could hope for was that her actions today hadn't brought shame to her father, who had always been proud and dedicated to serving the people.
Upon hearing the news, Noah knew he needed to act quickly. His first thought was to bring Reuben home as soon as possible.
In just one day, the Whitman family had endured countless dismissive looks and rejections, but none more hurtful than what Reuben experienced.
He was a man who had lived his entire life with dignity and integrity, never once lowering himself to flattery. But now, he found himself doing so for Wynter's sake.
But the people who once depended on him had responded through their secretaries with excuses. "Ah, Mr. Whitman, such unfortunate timing. My boss has gone on a business trip. Perhaps you can try again another day." Others were even more blunt. "The Whitman family? Do you mean the one that everyone online is condemning? Sorry, this is beyond us."
Some agreed to help, though that proved to be the cruelest. They offered hope only to crush it later.
When Reuben finally understood what was happening, he seemed to age overnight, his voice heavy as he murmured, "So, this is how it is..."
Just as he was about to make his way home, his phone buzzed with a new voice message. He blinked in disbelief when he saw it was a message from Wynter.
###chapter1642
Chapter 1642 The Truth Rises to the Surface
"Grandpa, I haven't been able to contact the family until now. Remember to take your medicine on time.
"I can't come forward at the moment since it's necessary for my uncles to be worried. I'm sorry for all of this, but we can't risk alerting anyone prematurely," Wynter said through the voice message.
In the message, Wynter didn't specify exactly what she had encountered. They had confidentiality protocols during operations. Telling Reuben this much was already pushing the limits.
Wynter's decision to put herself in jail was strategic-she wanted to see how people would truly react when the Whitman family faced a crisis.
By drawing the opponent's focus to this incident, she hoped they would lower their guard, creating an opportunity to capture evidence of their crimes.
If the Whitman family had maintained its usual strength, those lurking in the shadows would have continued hiding.
Feeling both guilty for involving her family and concerned about Reuben's health, Wynter sent the message as soon as she finished her work at the auction. Yet, she knew she couldn't reveal too much. After all, she was still at a critical stage in the operation.
Any other family members might have pressed Wynter relentlessly, demanding to know what it was that required making the family so anxious.
But Reuben had long sensed that Wynter's ambitions extended far beyond mere business and making money. Since her arrival in Hawford, her actions had hinted at a larger purpose.
Making waves in the business world was all well and good, but Wynter's battleground was not confined to the business world, nor was it limited to Hawford alone. From the moment she arrived, every move she made pointed to something more when examined closely.
Neither the Wray family nor the Montclair family was her ultimate target. No, her sights were set even higher. Reuben now saw the situation with unprecedented clarity. She was aiming for Judah!
"Wynter, go ahead and do what you need to do without hesitation. The Whitman family's strength isn't so fragile. Your uncles and I will be here, waiting for you to come home," he replied.
Reuben's resolve had never once changed. But his deep concern for Wynter had clouded his judgment, and his first instinct was to find help when she ran into trouble.
Now that everything was clear, he didn't bother going home. Instead, he leaned on his cane and stood up again. "Ivers, let's go somewhere else," Reuben addressed his chauffeur.
Ivers Zeller, Reuben's chauffeur, was confused. "Mr. Reuben, are we not going back?"
"No, we're not. Let's try seeking help from someone else. Perhaps there's a way," he replied, striding forward without looking back.
Ivers was puzzled. Hadn't Noah implied that those people were just playing tricks on Rueben? He couldn't understand why Reuben still wanted to go, but he eventually concluded that perhaps Reuben had lost his clarity in his illness.
Ivers sighed deeply, feeling a touch of sadness. He thought Reuben's heart must be aching so much for Wynter that he was desperately grasping at straws.
Ivers might not have understood Reuben's decision, but Reuben had his reasons. While he didn't know exactly what Wynter was up to, one phrase resonated with him deeply. "It's necessary for my uncles to be worried." Wynter was working on something beyond ordinary people's imagination. As her grandfather, Reuben couldn't afford to expose anything now or risk dragging her down.
If people wanted to see the Whitman family fall, he'd give them the show they were hoping for. After all, that
would make the deception all the more convincing.
As it turned out, Reuben's instincts were right.
Certain members of the Chamber of Commerce, led by Edison, were already reveling in what they believed was the Whitman family's downfall. Corrupt officials in various departments laughed at the family's misfortunes as if it were a casual joke.
"Who'd have thought the Whitman family would face a day like this?"
"Remember when I asked that old geezer for a favor? He had the nerve to threaten me with a report letter! What arrogance!"
"He has been in business for too long. How would he know who holds the reins around here if he didn't fall?"
###chapter1643
Chapter 1643 Her Father's Downfall
These people were so reckless because they relied on Fredric, the second in command of Hawford. They were cut from the same cloth-Fredric had cultivated many corrupt individuals.
However, what they didn't know yet was that their support had already collapsed.
Wynter, on the other hand, wasn't in a rush to deal with these lower-tier people. Her target was clear, and it was at the provincial level.
She didn't go alone, either. Keesha, who had been caught in the act, was also brought along for the ride.
She then sent another message. 'Lock down the scene. No one is to leave. Tell everyone to stay in their respective offices."
In typical cases, such a directive would have required complicated procedures even when a matter as serious as a human life was involved. Normally, only the relevant departments would be held accountable. The senior officials never had to stay.
But Wynter dropped a bombshell. "This case is related to foreign forces. Someone is selling out the country." It was a direct accusation, clear and deadly, with no attempt to sugarcoat the matter.
At this moment, no one dared to speak a word. Everyone understood the implication of being accused of treason. Even common people would avoid being associated with such a grave charge, let alone those in high positions.
It was now clear that the operation was aimed at one or more individuals within the higher ranks.
Some people were innocent, while others were deeply uneasy, but no one showed their anxiety. After all, anyone who displayed nervousness would be suspected of being involved.
If the accusations were true, and there were indeed people betraying the country among them, not even the most senior officials would be able to cover it up.
This thought only made Julius more anxious. The tea in his hand was scalding hot, but he took a sip anyway, trying to maintain his composure. The heat made him jump to his feet in pain.
He wanted to ask Enzo for an update on Keesha. He couldn't understand how the issue of treason had become tangled with their family.
But he wasn't allowed to. They said that everyone should stay put in their respective offices, but in reality, they were all under strict control.
Julius was still replaying the things he had done, trying to figure out if there were any hints of crimes Enzo hadn't cleaned up.
But before he could settle his thoughts, two knocks on the door interrupted him.
Following that, someone pushed the door open, and just as he was about to ask what was happening, Keesha's voice rang out in distress.
"Dad, you have no idea what they did to me!' Keesha cried, pointing to the side. "It's like this bumpkin has no comprehension skills! She might as well be deaf! She even has the audacity to arrest me!"
Julius, still catching his breath, turned pale. He clenched his fists and shouted, "Shut up!"
Keesha was clearly shocked by his outburst.
Julius turned his attention to Wynter and lowered his posture. "Miss, there must be some misunderstanding. I
"
Wynter didn't entertain his excuses. She simply raised her gaze, her tone cold and firm. 'She's involved in live organ trafficking, and not just once. There is footage to prove it. As for you, Julius, the Special Unit didn't show up just to 'chat' with you."
Keesha snapped, "Who do you think you are? How dare you talk to my father like this?"
Keesha was about to continue when Julius slapped her across the face with all his might. He roared, "Enough! Are you trying to kill me?"
His emotions had reached a boiling point.
Keesha covered her face, her eyes wide in disbelief. She couldn't believe that not only was Julius not mad at Wynter, but he even struck her!
###chapter1644
Chapter 1644 Scapegoat
Julius couldn't afford to worry about anything else and was determined to avoid being branded as a traitor. He instantly severed all ties with Keesha.
"I have no daughter like you! What on earth were you doing out there? How could you attend an organ auction? Don't you know that's illegal?"
Julius slapped Keesha hard across the face again. She fell to the ground, overwhelmed by terror she had never known before. As she looked at Julius fearfully, she felt as though the world had crumbled around her.
Keesha had always believed that the entire province was under the Nord family's control, with Julius revered by all. Even if he was retired, his connections and influence would remain unshaken. However, all was gone now.
When the other officials learned of Julius' predicament, whispers filled the air. Everyone knew it was hardly the right time for an investigation, yet the officers arrived with a familiar face.
Having encountered Keesha before, the officials were aware of her character. It was no surprise that Julius would come under suspicion.
"Does that mean they've found the felon?" someone inquired.
"I was so wrong about Mr. Nord. Does this clear us of any suspicion?" another chimed in.
Judah silently listened to the conversation while sipping his coffee. A smirk played on his lips, hinting at a silent triumph or delight.
His subtle smugness went unnoticed, as everyone had been convinced Julius was the felon. Otherwise, the Special Unit wouldn't have gone straight for him. Considering Keesha's misdeeds, it seemed likely that Julius was just as guilty.
Glancing at the phone he had hidden, Judah was pleased to see that Julius served as the perfect distraction. No one would be looking his way, and the Special Unit wouldn't turn their investigation toward him.
Everyone was aware of his rivalry with Julius. The two were vying for the top, yet they never anticipated the higher -ups would bring in an outsider for the role. Regardless, Judah knew he would remain safe as long as Julius was pinned guilty.
With that in mind, Judah adjusted his glasses. He had heard about the Special Unit's prowess, with claims that the organization had the right strategy in place and could uncover anything. Despite his initial concerns, he found that the Special Unit had been misled by a simple ruse.
Judah was fully assured that no one would ever suspect or investigate him, especially in Julius' case. No one would realize that he had pulled some strings.
In the office, Wynter walked past Keesha and stood in front of Julius. "You mentioned you weren't aware of the organ auction, right?"
Julius hurriedly nodded at her words, "I would've stopped her if I'd known. How could I possibly let her be involved in murder, even indirectly?"
"Let me remind you that every dirty deed you cover up for your daughter can be traced. I'm sure you're well aware of what the Special Unit is capable of. There's no evidence or clues we can't recover," Wynter continued as she approached Julius.
Her gaze briefly flickered to the computer on his desk, though her focus remained fixed on him.
"You understand how deep the consequences are for treason. I don't want to waste any more time. If you're smart, you'd better come clean now. Otherwise, you'll end up labeled as a traitor."
Wynter couldn't help feeling something was amiss. Wolf had pinpointed the exact location, yet there was nothing
to be found.
###chapter1645
Chapter 1645 You Might Deceive Us
Upon studying Julius' expression, Wynter affirmed that he was telling the truth he had no idea about the organ auction. If that were the case, why did the trace lead to the current location? Wynter believed she needed time to think things through and verify the details.
Meanwhile, Edison and his associates had begun to stir trouble for the Whitman family.
While both Noah and Taylor were busy handling company matters, a crowd suddenly gathered at the company's front door.
Unable to stop them, the security guard quickly called the reception. "There's a group of clients at the door. They seem to be accusing us of deception and demanding to terminate their contracts."
The receptionist relayed the news to Noah through the hotline, and the brothers rushed downstairs. Amidst the chaos, someone in the crows noticed Noah and called him out, turning everyone's attention to him.
At the same time, Reuben had been alerted of the incident and urgently instructed Mathias to send him to the company.
Confused by the sudden riot, Noah urged the crowd to quiet down and share their intentions.
A middle-aged man replied, "Seeing how your niece swindled our money through the stock market, we worried that the Whitmans might be just as dishonest. After a discussion, we've decided to terminate our contracts."
"He's right. While it was a pleasure working with you, we can't shake off our doubts since that incident. After all, that niece of yours is still in prison," someone echoed.
"I have to hand it to her. The way she manipulated the stock market has caused us nothing but suffering. It's been one disaster after another!" another complained.
When one voiced their complaints, the others quickly followed in. They were all worried that Noah would deceive them as well and demanded to terminate their contracts.
"I understand your concerns. On the Whitman family's behalf, I assure you, we won't be swindling anyone. "Additionally, Wynter has never manipulated the stock markets or defrauded the Cascadians as the rumors said. She's simply assisting with an investigation," Noah stated calmly.
Even so, the crowd remained skeptical. They had invested a huge fortune in the stock market, only to end up with nothing.
After a brief hesitation, one of the Whitmans' long-time partners stepped forward. "We've had a longstanding relationship with the Whitmans, but we can't help feeling anxious.
"After all, we've invested so much in your projects. Profit aside, what if it all ends in a loss? We wouldn't have gathered here if Mr. Whitman Senior had given us an assurance."
Coincidentally, Reuben had arrived at the door and overheard the conversation. He spoke with resolute certainty." Rest assured, the Whitman family will never swindle you out of a single penny!"
Upon hearing his gravelly voice, everyone turned toward Reuben and heaved a sigh of relief. "If Mr. Whitman Senior says so, we'll place our trust in you again. However, I suggest we hold off on the projects until Wynter is released. We're not entirely at ease with her still behind bars."
Walking to Noah's side, Reuben declared, "All of you have been long-time partners with the Whitman family. You should have faith in our integrities. As for Sevie, there will be news about her soon. For now, please return and wait patiently."
###chapter1646
Chapter 1646 An Ungrateful Bunch
Some of the clients held their tongues after hearing Reuben's firm words. "True. There have been rarely any troubles in our partnership with the Whitmans. I'll wait for the news, then."
A few others followed suit, realizing that they had been hasty. From a business standpoint, securing a lasting partnership with a powerful corporation was every businessman's dream.
Deep down, most of the clients knew that pressuring the precarious Whitman family wouldn't work in their favor. However, they were unsettled by online rumors suggesting that the pretentious Whitmans might struggle with settling payments.
On the other hand, the remaining clients had planned to terminate their contracts and couldn't bother to show any signs of respect.
One of them even retorted sharply, "We're not amateurs in business, Mr. Whitman Senior. Though I respect your integrity, this is a different matter altogether.
"Your words alone aren't enough. What results are we supposed to expect when that girl has been locked up? I demand an explanation today!"
Everyone expected Reuben to make a convincing argument, knowing he had been desperately seeking connections to free Wynter.
Yet, Reuben stood tall and composed with a cane in hand, carrying an air of sophistication. "But of course. However, I must clarify that not all of these projects are ones we invested in by choice. Many smaller firms found themselves without options and turned to us for help.
"The Whitman Group has a longstanding principle-if a local business is in need, we'll offer assistance however we can. Mr. Lockman, you came to us when your company ran out of projects, hoping we could provide a way forward.
"However, the investments we've made in your business yielded little return. It's fair to say that we're not seeing any profit. Since you asked for an explanation, I'll give you one."
Reuben continued calmly, "Arrange Mr. Lockman's final payment, Noah. We won't be assigning him any new projects. Our partnership ends here."
Javier Lockman froze on the spot and was unsure how to react. He hadn't expected Reuben to make a quick, decisive choice.
The gossip outlets and media at present were eager to capture the Whitmans' mortification, yet Reuben's response gave them nothing scandalous to work with. Instead, the merchants who had pressured the Whitman family during difficult times left in an unfavorable light.
Though the public usually sympathized with the weaker party, Javier couldn't turn that to his advantage. Taking Reuben's statement into account, they certainly came across as an ungrateful bunch. The criticisms on the live stream also briefly halted.
On the screen, Reuben clutched his cane and glanced around. "Aside from Mr. Lockman, anyone else wishing to terminate their contracts is free to do so. However, you're standing in a corporate building.
"I'm not sure what you're scheming by being here, but we have every right to protect our interests. Those wishing to terminate their contracts must adhere to the proper regulations."
His words were sound and valid. The clients could certainly end their partnerships if they wished, but their clamoring suggested ill intentions.
There was a divide in opinions between the public. While they still despised Wynter's pretensions, they were convinced by Reuben's measured response.
Edison, who was watching the live stream, decided to make things harder for the Whitmans. Not only did he complicate their payment issues, but he also cut off their supplies.
Gazing at the screen, he said gloatingly, "The Whitmans have underestimated human nature."
###chapter1647
Chapter 1647 Where Is Fredric
While a few suppliers' suspension might not have been a major blow to the Whitman family, a large-scale disruption could severely impact both their production and distribution. Ultimately, the Whitmans would face significant consequences.
When the Whitman Group's market capital continued to plummet, several shareholders expressed their discontent.
"The market cap has dropped because of your family affairs, Mr. Whitman Senior. Do you think this is acceptable?" one of the shareholders inquired.
"We've heard that the Whitman family was kicked out of the Chamber of Commerce. I suggest we find a way to restore our reputation. We still have time, but the employees don't," another echoed.
In truth, both shareholders had colluded with Edison and remained in the company to stoke the flames. Some shareholders had even offered to sell their shares.
However, Reuben calmly instructed Noah to reclaim the shares at the market price from the first half of the year. Meanwhile, Edison was basking in the praises and admiration within the Chamber of Commerce. When he learned of Reuben's decision, he let out a haughty laugh.
"The Whitman family is on the edge. Just wait they'll be announcing bankruptcy in less than half a month!"
Despite having once supported Edison, Stetson now regarded him with disdain. "The Whitman family has weathered storms in the past, so they won't go down easily. That said, they'll suffer greatly. Here's a piece of advice-it's not over as long as Reuben remains alive."
Edison didn't seem bothered by Stetson's warning. "You're getting worked up over nothing, Mr. Leftnan. We both know how he's been scrambling for help in the past few days. My men even saw him nearly collapse from a heart. attack. That's all he's capable of now."
He picked up a pastry from the table and added, "Reuben may have once stayed ahead of the curve and accomplished a lot of things. But look at the Whitman family now they're so fragile that a single pinch could crumble them."
Stetson chose not to argue further, believing that Edison's viewpoint wouldn't impact the broader situation. However, he couldn't help wondering why Fredric hadn't given any instructions yet.
"That means we're doing a good job! Aren't you tired of overthinking, Mr. Leftnan?" Edison chuckled.
Still, Stetson sensed something was amiss. He wouldn't feel assured unless he got in touch with Fredric, so he instructed Edison to contact Fredric and inquire about the next steps.
Edison remained unconcerned. "Mr. Monty's probably busy with the new secretary, who's also the current head of the province. I doubt he'll answer my calls. Let me send him a message."
With Stetson's consent, Edison sent a message to Fredric. Thanks to that, the person monitoring Fredric was spared the task of extracting evidence. Instead, he simply picked up the phone and showed Fredric the message. Since his detainment, Fredric had remained silent and refused to answer any questions. Yet, Edison's message ruined everything.
How Fredric wished he could strangle Edison, that imbecile. He had warned Edison countless times not to contact him during critical moments, but Edison went ahead and sent the message anyway.
Worse still, his message smugly reported that the Whitman family had been taken care of, and there was nothing to worry about.
As Fredric trembled in anger, a member of the Special Unit entered the room. They inquired coolly, "How's the interrogation going?"
"We have solid evidence," came the reply.
"In that case, I'll be taking him. Boss wants him to identify his superior," the member stated.
Hearing that, Fredric swiftly raised his head as his eyes widened in disbelief. He thought that it was impossible for them to have discovered Judah so quickly.
###chapter1648
Chapter 1648 The Mastermind
In the office, Wynter sat at Julius' desk and examined his computer. Upon discovering traces of hacking activity, she glanced up and met Julius' eyes. "You've been to the same place Ms. Keesha visited, though albeit different. You attended the auction online."
"What are you talking about? I don't understand. What do you mean I was there too?" Julius responded with aggression.
Seeing that, Wynter affirmed that Julius wasn't connected to the case. In critical situations, even the smallest reactions could reveal the truth.
Julius wasn't the one joining the live session, but someone had hacked into his computer. Who on earth could it be?
Unfortunately, Julius hadn't set up surveillance cameras in his office for privacy, which had now turned into a problem for the investigation. Wynter was left with three potential suspects who might be involved, aside from Julius himself.
"Has Fredric Monty arrived yet?" Wynter inquired her subordinate, who reported that Fredric was on his way.
Wynter nodded and gave a soft chuckle. "Aren't you close to Fredric? How can you be so calm now, knowing he's coming?"
"You've looked into me, haven't you? Fredric has indeed helped me a lot, even cleaning up after my daughter's mess. He wasn't qualified for a promotion as a director, but I gave him a chance," Julius replied.
Considering his position, Julius knew it was best to come clean in such situations. He realized that the Special Unit was investigating something else, but he never expected the leader would be someone so young.
"Is that all you know?" Wynter asked casually.
Taking a deep breath, Julius continued, "There's a town development project, but I'm not clear about the details. I figured Fredric proposed it to rack up his achievements.
"A few property developers had shown interest, but nothing came of it. Believe it or not, I honestly don't have much of a connection with him."
Wynter hummed and raised a brow. "Based on his portfolio and the gratitude he's shown you over the years, you don't seem like strangers at all. Rather, he's more like your protégé."
"Cut it out already! Didn't my dad say he's not friends with that lapdog? Dad would never accept Fredric, not after he shared meals with Randell!" Keesha snapped in annoyance. She kept scratching her cuffed hands, as though she had relapsed into her drug habits.
Wynter's gaze flickered, and she asked, "And who is this 'Randell' you speak of?"
"The loser who never wins against my Dad! Hey, Dad, can you give me some of it? Dad! Tell them to uncuff me at once!" Keesha cackled with laughter as she shook uncontrollably.
At that point, Julius had been drained and disheartened. Noting Keesha's antics, he no longer hid any secrets and disclosed everything about Judah to Wynter.
After hearing him out, Wynter rose from the seat and ordered, "Hand them over to Mr. Keller."
In an instant, Julius raised his head in shock.
Wynter continued coldly, "For someone who's retiring soon, you have the nerve to deceive the public. Before Lucas even arrived, you tried to scheme against him and refused to comply with the transfer.
"Not only did you forget who granted you the authority, but you also fantasized about ruling like a king. Well, I'll make your dream come true by sending you to prison."
Julius trembled fearfully. His defiance of the higher-ups and schemes against Lucas was a greater offense than conniving in Keesha's crimes. It was all over for him now.
###chapter1649
Chapter 1649 Fredric Told Me About You
Sipping on his coffee, Judah could barely suppress a smirk at the sight of Julius being escorted away. While he remained composed, the other two officials couldn't help but murmur.
"I guess this means it's over," Cohen Roth said.
"They've taken him away, so they must have solid evidence. I guess Mr. Nord has grown foolish with age," Joel Gesner commented.
As the two officials prepared to leave, Judah straightened his clothes and followed suit. He stood out as rather plain in the crowd, with a slim build and a thermos in hand. No one would ever suspect him.
"I now understand why you had such animosity with Mr. Nord, Judah," Cohen remarked.
With a dismissive wave of his hand, Judah replied, "Don't say that. It's just part of the job."
"If you say so. Still, it's disgusting to betray your own country." Cohen scoffed.
Just as Judah attempted to step away from the conversation, a voice called out to them. "Please wait, the three of you. We need you to identify a witness."
It was none other than Wynter, whose sudden appearance left them stunned and speechless. While Cohen and Joel gazed at her in confusion, Judah tensed up instantly.
He recognized her all too well. But from what he knew, she should be confined in prison and not standing before him.
"My surname is Quinnell. The look on your face seems to say that you know me, Mr. Randell," Wynter said as she approached Judah. Upon closer observation, she sensed something was off.
Judah was cloaked in a murderous air, a clear sign that he was far from innocent. But the truth in the real world called for hard evidence, so Wynter had no choice but to wait for Fredric's arrival.
Judah clearly wouldn't own up to her statement. Instead, he showed a warm smile. "I'm just surprised to see such a young officer. I'm certain this is our first meeting."
Little did he know that Wynter had a way of wearing others down mentally. "Oh, really? That's not the case for me, though. I've heard quite a lot about you, especially from Mr. Monty."
When Judah heard that, something flickered in his eyes.
Wynter continued with a smile, "He's rather loyal toward you. You ordered him to take down the Whitmans, and he went to great lengths to send me to prison.
"Now that I think about it, you must have a hand in delivering a verdict against me, despite lacking solid evidence. You might not know this, but I've been to Valen Village and was the one responsible for the power outage."
As Judah listened on, his breathing quickened. Still, he fought to maintain composure. "I have no idea what you're talking about, young lady."
###chapter1650
Chapter 1650 Playing with Minds
"You can feign ignorance, but after our investigation, Mr. Nord has been cleared of suspicion. It's your turn now. Please, follow me."
Wynter leaned slightly with a lingering smile. Her youthful face stood in stark contrast to the formidable identity she carried.
Despite their years of experience, Cohen and Joel couldn't shake the chilling feeling running down their spines. They were aware that the Special Unit was relentless in their investigations, often more so than the Top Unit.
As long as they steered clear of the highest authority, they were free to carry out any investigations and submit their findings later. Additionally, all departments were required to give them top priority.
Cohen and Joel might've heard of the rumors, but they never witnessed it firsthand. Seeing the smile on Wynter's face, they couldn't help but glance at Judah. They believed him to be innocent and wondered why the Special Unit was focusing on him.
Judah clenched his fists under the cover of his long sleeve. Never in his wildest dream did he anticipate that Wynter held such an identity.
Given her status, it was unimaginable that she would be arrested for a random crime-unless she willingly allowed herself to be captured. Otherwise, the higher-ups would've intervened the moment she stepped into the interrogation room.
Wynter had ensnared them in her game of chess, cornering them and taking them out one by one.
Judah's lips curled into an amiable smile, though his expression stiffened. Since Wynter's arrival in Hawford, everything he learned about her suggested that she was merely an impudent scion.
While she might be adept in business, he regarded it as nothing more than a few cunning tricks-hardly something that warranted serious concern.
But now, Wynter was seated across from him and gazed at his face. "You must need a lot of specialized medications, considering you're at the final stage of cancer. Am I right?"
Judah's right hand tensed up. Fredric was the only one who knew about his illness. Did he reveal everything?
Neither Judah nor Fredric had ever truly recognized Wynter's capabilities. They quickly assumed she had little to offer upon discovering that she was a mere college student. But as the genius doctor, Wynter could read one's condition by observing their countenance.
Since ancient times, traditional medications and divine healing had been intertwined. In particular, traditional medicine relied on four fundamental diagnostic approaches-observation, olfaction and audition, inquiry, and palpation.
While Wynter appeared laidback, she was actually observing Judah. Considering he was a member of the scholarship committee, she was certain that his involvement was tied to his personal interests.
She leaned back with a snicker, exuding an air of intimidation. "You can remain silent. I'll just hear from the witness."
Judah chuckled in response. "I've indeed been diagnosed with cancer, but I don't see how that has anything to do with your investigation. You can't simply charge me for that."
Wynter replied calmly, "It's not only cancer. You've had surgery recently, haven't you? A blood transfusion, for example."
At that point, Judah could barely mask his expression. Just how much did Fredric reveal?
Seeing his reaction, Wynter confirmed her suspicions and figured out the breakthrough. Having studied criminal psychology, she knew exactly how to steer the interrogation.
Before Judah could speak, Wynter raised a hand to stop him and answered her ringing phone. In truth, it wasn't an incoming call-she had set the ringtone beforehand.
"Fredric's here? Right, I'll be there." She then tucked her phone away with her face lighting up in delight, as though she had just received good news. Without another word, she got up and walked away.
###chapter1651
Chapter 1651 Not a Coincidence
As Judah watched Wynter leave the room, he bit back the questions he intended to ask. He knew that any response to Fredric's arrival would give himself away.
Despite being familiar with the rules and protocols, he still couldn't fathom how the Special Unit had learned
about his blood transfusion surgery-unless Fredric disclosed it. It wasn't on the records, and he had been careful not to leave any traces that would jeopardize his career.
Judah pretended to take a sip of his drink, trying to appear composed. Yet, minutes passed, and Wynter still hadn't returned.
Judah became deeply unnerved. He couldn't stop wondering what Fredric might disclose and how he could escape the accusation. Sweats began to bead on his forehead the more he thought about it.
Little did he know that Wynter was just sitting outside watching the live feed. It turned out that Fredric hadn't even arrived yet, and it was all part of her mind game.
Before leaving the interrogation room, she purposely mentioned Fredric's arrival to keep Judah in a constant state of doubt and disconcert. Her tactic proved effective, as Judah grew increasingly anxious when she failed to show up. Judah believed he had behaved normally, yet his restless hand gestures and frequent refills of water had betrayed his feelings.
While monitoring Judah, Wynter seized the chance to hack into the internet and dug up more about him.
Although she recognized his cancerous illness, she found no record of it in his medical reports for the past two years. She needed to uncover when he had contracted the disease and how he had recovered.
Assuming his illness had relapsed more than three times, Wynter expected to find some connections or patterns in his medical history. True to her assumption, she was surprised to find information from 18 years ago—Judah had once served as Southdale's mayor.
Wynter's gaze darkened. This felt way beyond a mere coincidence. After all, she was abducted and brought to Southdale back then. At that time, the hospital had fallen under the Gibson family's control.
As Wynter reflected further, she realized Margaret had been accused of medical malpractice just six months later. After the Gibsons took control of the hospital, they never bothered to investigate the equipment or surgeries performed whether they were costly or involved in organ tracking.
In particular, they had been issuing birth certificates for abducted children. Even more coincidentally, Riverfield was nestled deep within the mountains a home to all human traffickers.
Wynter could never forget her traumatic time in Riverfield. The villagers had completely lost their sense of moral judgment and believed it was entirely normal to purchase a wife or son.
The images of Elliot locked in the cellar, the dog chained in the yard, and the young students imprisoned together were etched in Wynter's mind. Whenever she thought about it, a chill settled deep in her heart.
She had witnessed countless acts of human cruelty. But no matter how loudly the public condemned such horrors, those villagers remained unfazed and carried on with their depravity. It would appear that their sinister nature was ingrained in their bones.
Wynter recalled how the village chief seemed to think he was above the law. His complete lack of fear toward any official investigations suggested he had protection, much like the situation in Valen Village.
###chapter1652
Chapter 1652 A Big Scheme
Reflecting on her thoughts, Wynter gazed at Judah from behind the one-way mirror.
It appeared the forces behind the Southdale incident stretched further than Kingbourne. Years of calculated scheming and ruthless oppression were fueled by more than just riches and power-they sought to secure a longer life as well.
In their pursuit of eternal youth, they had established a supply chain and eliminated anyone who dared to stand in their way. To them, others' lives were inconsequential.
Margaret had once been their target, and now they were after the Whitman family to seize control of the Chamber of Commerce. If they could merge the scholarship committee with the Chamber of Commerce, they could operate at a larger scale and draw less suspicion.
It was much like the hospital that fell under the Gibsons' authority. No one would expect the prestigious hospital to actually be a slaughterhouse.
The deeper Wynter delved, the clearer it became that an unseen hand had been orchestrating those events. As she pondered whether the locations involved had been infiltrated, her mind flashed back to the pandemic that Yvette had mentioned.
With a frown, Wynter decided to memorize all of Judah's contributions during his time in Southdale, including his earliest diagnosis of mid-stage cancer.
Back then, the higher-ups had taken pity on his condition and reassigned him to a different position. Surprisingly, Judah fully recovered when he returned for his next checkup.
He even asserted that he was in perfect health to serve as mayor, presenting a medical report that contrasted his previous condition.
As Wynter reviewed the records, she reached a conclusion -Judah had gone to great lengths to rise through the ranks. He had been certain that he would become the new head once Julius retired. However, he never anticipated an outsider to seize the position instead.
It became apparent that Judah hadn't undergone a blood transfusion to extend his life but to change his fortune. He was convinced that those blessed with extraordinary luck could bring him the fortune he sought.
While others might not see the connection, Wynter had different insights thanks to her innate knowledge of the Arcane Way.
After studying the missing scholarship students' personal details, she discovered several of their horoscopes were compatible with Judah's. In other words, those students were the premium goods emphasized during the auction. Wynter narrowed her eyes, knowing that she lacked crucial evidence. A surgery like Judah's typically wouldn't be found in official records, but Fredric might hold some answers.
It now dawned on Wynter why Fredric's career had progressed so smoothly. It turned out he was born in Riverfield, which was the very reason Judah chose to support him.
Upon reviewing Judah's career history, Wynter wisely ran a background check on Fredric. Hardly anyone knew that Fredric had changed his place of origin on official records. If Wynter hadn't dug deeper, that secret might have been buried forever.
After all, no one would suspect Fredric of being a Hawford citizen. His thick accent and mannerisms showed no difference from that of a typical Hawfordian.
Even his longtime secretary was convinced that he was a local. It seemed like Fedric had put great effort into his disguise.
With that thought, Wynter rose from the seat. Just as she was about to head back inside, someone opened the door. "Boss, we've brought the man over for interrogation. Mr. Keller is here, too. He seems to have figured out your identity," the person reported.
Wynter replied languidly, "Lucas is probably aware by now. As for Mr. Monty, let him first identify his superior from behind the glass."
###chapter1653

Chapter 1653 Hit with the Harsh Truth
As Fredric was escorted in, he doubted that Lucas would discover Judah's involvement. Throughout the years, he had never publicly interacted with Judah. Instead, Julius seemed more like the mastermind pulling the strings.
On top of that, it had been well known that Fredric shared a close relationship with Julius and was often seen as his protégé.
With that in mind, Fredric regained his composure. He believed the Special Unit had linked him to Julius' investigation simply because Keesha had attended the auction. Even so, they had no solid evidence that tied him to the crime.
Fredric suspected that the Special Unit was attempting to trick him with a standard ruse. But given his own background in the political field, he wasn't one to be fooled. That was why he had remained calm and composed throughout the entire ordeal.
Upon his arrival, he unhesitatingly asserted his innocence. "I believe there's been a
misunderstanding. I'll fully cooperate with the investigation, but I just hope you'll clear my
name."
The officer who received him, a member of the Special Unit, didn't bother with the pleasantries. Instead, they simply gave him a silent look.
However, Fredric took their silence as a validation of his assumptions. Just before he entered, he caught a glimpse of Julius being escorted into a car.
Everything clicked into place, and now was the time to set Judah's escape plan in motion.
As long as Julius took the full blame, Lucas would settle the case accordingly and leave the truth buried. Besides, no one could figure out their true plans. Even Judah, involved in their scheme, wouldn't suspect a thing.
Feeling at ease, Fredric took a leisurely sip of his drink. However, he instantly froze when he saw Wynter walking into the room.
Fredric's eyes widened in shock, and he instinctively looked around. Eventually, he confirmed that he was indeed there for further questioning.
But why was Wynter the one interrogating him? And how did she gain access to the provincial department? Also, shouldn't she be locked up in prison?
Fredric's earlier composure faded away in an instant, and he could barely mask his fluster. It was just too sudden.
Little did he know that Wyner intentionally showed up when he was least prepared, all to elicit such a reaction. She greeted Fredric and gestured for him to sit.
"It's been a while, Mr. Monty, though you seem a bit nervous. It's understandable, considering the very individual you plotted against and sent to prison has now appeared before you," Wynter commented languidly as she twirled a pen between her fingers.
Fredric was entirely speechless. His face drained of color, and his lips trembled.
However, Wynter stripped away his disguise with a few sharp words. "It seems what you asked of Edison didn't quite work out. This isn't like you, Mr. Monty.
"You worked your way up from a humble director, so you should've known better than to underestimate someone from a small place. You schemed against me without even bothering to dig into my background. Have you figured out where you want to be locked up, Mr. Monty?"
Despite cold sweats beading on his forehead, Fredric stubbornly refuted, "This is the provincial department. I request to be interrogated by a professional."
Wynter stopped twirling her pen and gazed up at the surveillance camera. "Well then, let's show you some professionalism."
The window creaked open, revealing an impatient Judah on the other side.
###chapter1654

Chapter 1654 Truth and Interest
Fredric felt as if his world had collapsed. No matter how much he had calculated, he never anticipated that Judah would be under suspicion.
Wynter stood up, resting one hand on the table, her voice as clear as crystal. "I've taken particular note of some of your abilities.
"For instance, even though we were born in the same place, people see me as just some country bumpkin brought in from a remote area. You, however, have somehow transformed yourself into Hawford's 'native.""
Fredric visibly shook as he whipped his gaze toward Wynter in shock. His origins had always been a sore spot for him. It was a part of himself he was desperate to rewrite.
Branded a "self-made man" for so many years, he had tried everything to erase his rural background. He drank coffee, listened to records, and even filled his house with antique items from Hawford, all meticulously chosen to give the impression he was native-born.
He couldn't understand how Wynter knew!
"You seem surprised," Wynter remarked, her tone unhurried. "Everything about you- down to the smallest detail has already been laid bare by your higher-up."
Fredric clenched his fists. He didn't want to believe Wynter's words.
However, Wynter wasn't about to let him off easily. "Actually, that's pretty understandable. After all, it's common practice for those big shots to push someone out as a scapegoat. Oh, didn't a certain director just jump off a building recently?
"It seems that all the things you've done are finally catching up to you. Now, it's your turn to play the scapegoat."
Fredric was so shaken he could barely think. When Wynter mentioned his origins, he felt a wave of genuine terror.
Without thinking, he blurted out, "That was Mr. Randell's decision, not mine!"
Wynter raised an eyebrow. "That's odd. Judah is currently working at the provincial level, so what could possibly require a minor director to take the fall?"
Fredric's agitation was evident. He was well aware that taking responsibility for such actions could lead directly to a death sentence.
Determined to save himself, his voice grew louder. "Because the rumors and actions against domestic goods were all pushed by Mr. Randell from behind the scenes.
"Yet, you not only managed to save the applesauce factory, but you even dug into the related departments with a tenacity that made it clear you intended to get to the root of things.
"Mr. Randell couldn't risk anyone unearthing the past, so he needed someone to be the
scapegoat to quell public anger. If the investigation really continues... there will be more to be uncovered," he added in a much softer voice.
Even so, from the other interrogation room, Judah could hear the exchange happening nearby. He couldn't believe Fredric really was the one who had spilled everything. Enraged, he slammed his hands on the table.
Fredric couldn't hear the events unfolding in Judah's room. Anxious to clear his own name and fearing Wynter's retaliation, he continued spilling everything he knew.
"The reason Mr. Randell managed to climb the ranks so quickly was because of his impressive record handling economic crimes. He was even recognized for it back then.
"But what no one knew was how his so-called achievements were built. They were paid for by foreign investors. In exchange, he implemented what they call the non-interference policy. There were three rules to it.
"Firstly, he would ignore any malicious rumors foreign investors spread about local businesses. Secondly, whenever a domestic company protested against the suppression, he would suggest they try financing their operations.
"Lastly, if anyone from above came to investigate, he'd shield the foreign investors, claiming it was all for development."
Seeing that Wynter's expression remained unreadable, Fredric grew desperate, convinced she doubted him.
"It's true! This all happened two decades ago-you can check the news reports from back then! The Quinnell and Whitman families refused to cooperate. That was why..."
###chapter1655

Chapter 1655 The Truth from Years Ago
Wynter's gaze deepened as she listened to Fredric. "That was why what?"
Fredric hesitated. "Mr. Randell must have already told you about this."
"He only disclosed your actions, not his own." Wynter smirked slightly.
Hearing this, Fredric gritted his teeth. "I was only following his orders."
Then, looking almost pleadingly at Wynter, he added, "Ms. Quinnell, haven't you already uncovered what happened to your grandmother, and why your mother fell out with the Whitman family all those years ago?
"All of it was orchestrated by Judah! He knew the Quinnell and Whitman families' bond was deeply rooted in the challenging times they faced together. It was practically an unshakable relationship.
"Typical schemes wouldn't affect them, no matter how much hardship was created. Even when Shane deceived your two uncles, Mr. Whitman Senior didn't waver. As long as Mr. Quinnell Senior was around, their relationship would hold.
"Judah never understood how they kept such a bond, but he knew that the Quinnell and Whitman families, at the peak of their power, had to be separated. Otherwise, even if he rose to power, he'd still lack influence over certain areas in the business world.
"That was why he decided to undermine them from within. Mr. Whitman Senior was a scholarly businessman, devoted to his wife and daughter. If anything were to happen to those two, it would irreparably destroy the bond between the Quinnell and Whitman families."
Fredric paused and clasped his hands in front of him anxiously before continuing
cautiously, "Mrs. Whitman Senior's death was no accident. Judah had someone administer a drug-a stimulant.
"It wouldn't be fatal if used on a healthy person. However, since Mrs. Whitman Senior had a pre-existing heart condition, it appeared entirely natural. This was especially true given that she was faced with stressful conditions then.
"Her daughter wouldn't return home, and her son-in-law only brought trouble. Everyone naturally assumed Mrs. Whitman Senior's death was due to the emotional strain your mother caused."
Fredric expected Wynter to react strongly to his words, but to his surprise, she remained silent. Instead, she activated a recording device, her eyes deep and unfathomable as she stared at him without a word.
Fredric had met countless people, but for the first time, he was genuinely scared by the look of a young woman.
The calmer Wynter appeared, the more intense the murderous intent in her gaze. It was as
if, had he not been sitting there, she would have reached out and strangled him, ending him right then and there.
Wynter's hand had indeed moved, the violence in her demeanor so palpable that she seemed to have disregarded everything else in the moment.
Sensing the danger, Fredric panicked. He couldn't help but shout into the camera, "Help! She's going to kill me! Help!"
This shout finally brought Wynter back to her senses. She looked at him, a slight smile curving her lips. "I didn't expect you to be afraid. You've said so much and blamed everything on Judah, but some of it doesn't match the details I've uncovered.
"For instance, what you just mentioned. According to my investigation, my mom, despite being ill, still came to Hawford to see my grandmother. It was you who told those who had met her to not inform the Whitman family.
"The reason this news was kept under wraps so well was because you were working behind the scenes."
Wynter leaned in closer to Fredric, her voice cold. "You hate the Whitman family and my grandfather because he saw through your true nature when you were just an insignificant official.
"If it weren't for my grandfather, you would have turned a blind eye to the environmental pollution for power and money. You didn't just follow Judah's order—you did this for your own benefit."
###chapter1656

Chapter 1656 Turning on Each Other
Fredric didn't expect that Wynter had investigated this much. He couldn't understand why she hadn't arrested him directly with all the information she knew.
Wynter saw through his thoughts and said calmly, "Ordinary commercial and economic crimes are a form of mercy for people like you. Well then, Mr. Monty, it's time for you to meet your mentor."
Wynter snapped her fingers, and the door opened.
Upon hearing everything, Judah was more than ready to end Fedric with his own hands.
Finally having a chance to speak, he couldn't hold it in anymore and shouted, "You ungrateful dog! If it weren't for my promotion, you'd still be in that rural mountain! Do you think you could have achieved what you have now? And you dare to push everything onto me!"
Hearing that voice, Fredric's head was buzzing. He turned to Wynter, completely understanding that he had been played.
Wynter didn't bother looking at him and simply stood up. Meanwhile, Judah continued to yell at him, his usual gentle demeanor completely shattered.
At this point, Fredric saw no need to hold back. Whoever held the least amount of guilt would get a chance to delay their punishment.
Fredric sneered. "I'm just stating the facts. How many sins have you committed, and how many lives have you killed to keep your old life going? I shouldn't need to remind you.
"From that time in Southdale, you've been scheming to change your blood. Wasn't it the same this time? You've been pushing me time and time again to take down the Chamber of Commerce."
"Shut up!" Judah growled, his voice low and menacing. The veins on his neck were bulging, and there was a faint dark hue spreading.
But Fredric wasn't afraid of him anymore. "I've got everything you've done all documented in my office. Over the years, every time you've had a blood transfusion, I've been the one coordinating it. Don't forget about the Gibson family in Southdale."
Judah had once thought that Fredric's cleverness was his greatest asset. As it turned out, he really did have the brains, but this kind of scheming ended up backfiring on him. He regretted wasting so much resources for a man like Fredric!
Now, he was trembling with anger, his body—a body that had been kept alive by someone else's life was showing signs of stress. His face darkened as he clutched his chest. His appearance was starkly different from his usual self, resembling more akin to a furious demon.
When Lucas entered, he was greeted by the chaotic scene unfolding before him. Julius had
set him up, and Judah had buried a mess of troubles for him as well.
Lucas understood the gravity of the situation. If it weren't for Wynter, he had no idea how long it would take to untangle the web of schemes in front of him. The incidents had occurred too long ago, and many traces had been wiped clean.
Looking at Judah's past achievements, no one would have suspected that he was involved in so many deaths-each case more shocking than the last.
But that wasn't the most troubling part. At this point, no one could truly know how many foreign enemies and traitors Judah had quietly planted across various industries.
After reviewing the information Wynter had provided in the car, that was Lucas' greatest concern.
Judah only stopped when he saw Lucas enter. He supported himself on the desk, panting heavily before saying bitterly, "If I can't become the top dog, neither will you! Just wait and see!"
Then, he started laughing maniacally but continued soon, "Do you think capturing me will change anything? I'll take everything I know to my grave, and you'll never get any information.
"Especially you, Lucas! You came out of nowhere and destroyed years of my hard work! Now, do you think you can use me to make a name for yourself? Impossible!"
Judah's malice was without reason.
###chapter1657
Chapter 1657 As Deserved
The fact that Judah had committed atrocities like the ones he did in Southdale showed he had long since lost his humanity.
However, Wynter was an expert at dealing with such evil. She toyed with her purple sugilite pendant, letting out a faint chuckle.
"That sounds impressive. Did the one who helped you leach others' fortune to extend your own not tell you? The more fortune you borrow, the more vengeful spirits cling to you."
Judah froze for a moment, then burst out laughing. "Vengeful spirits? They're just lowly people. If they had any guts, they would have fought back when they were alive. What can a bunch of nobodies possibly do to me?"
He was completely brazen. With the fortune he had stolen, even a death sentence wouldn't scare him. He'd still reincarnate with the same luck and rise to power again.
But Wynter saw through him. "You're so fearless because you think borrowed fortune will guarantee you a good reincarnation. That is why even death fails to frighten you. Conveniently, I have something that can sever your stolen fortune."
As Wynter spoke, she threw a lucky token, letting a drop of blood form on her fingertip. Instantly, her Soul Commanding Badge morphed into a long sword.
Invisible to ordinary eyes, the blade emanated such powerful spiritual power that it left Leo gasping under its weight.
Every soul above and below ground trembled. In the depths of the underworld, spirits quaked as the sword's force rippled through. Even the underworld guards covered their ears as a shockwave of reverberation passed through. They exchanged a look-this weapon was no ordinary tool!
And it was no wonder. It was a sword powerful enough to sever the heavenly luck. Its energy resonated beyond the underworld. Even cultivators on Mt. Dragon could sense the unusual energy.
The crow perched on a nearby branch stared in the sword's direction for a few seconds before flying down to rest on Dalton's shoulder.
But Judah, blind to the shifting forces around him, scoffed. To him, Wynter was merely bluffing. He laughed off the idea that Wynter could sever his fortune.
Those he had sacrificed had become a part of him the moment their blood was absorbed. He even felt they should feel honored to have contributed to his power.
However, in the next instant, Judah froze. A sharp, unseen force seemed to sever something above him, and he felt it acutely as several strands of his hair inexplicably fell.
But worse, he was confronted by a horrifying sight-women with severed limbs and hollow eyes stared at him, some even placing skeletal hands on his shoulder.
Judah's scream of terror pierced the room. He looked at Fredric's confused expression, then at Lucas' furrowed brow, realizing with horror that no one else could see them.
"Stay away!" Judah stumbled backward, throwing whatever he could reach. But it was useless-they were everywhere, surrounding him.
Panic finally broke through his arrogance, and he dropped to his knees. "I was wrong-I truly was wrong! The fortune I stole... I'll give it back!"
From Fredric's perspective, Judah appeared to be bowing frantically toward the mirror, talking to things no one else could see. Fredric couldn't help but glance toward Wynter. Had her talk about severing fortune truly done something?
"Don't cling to me! Stay away!" Judah's voice was raw, his hands clawing at his face in a frantic force. Anyone who saw him now would undoubtedly think he was possessed.
Frdric couldn't help the chill that ran down his spine. The sight was unsettling. He couldn't understand what Judah had seen, but Fredric had a hunch that it was definitely connected to the murders he had committed.
However, he clearly remembered that the medium had once said that the dead feared most the ones who took their lives.
###chapter1658
Chapter 1658 Fear
Furthermore, for all these years, Judah had been shielded by this fortune. It was impossible for him to see anything like this.
Fredric instinctively took a step back, his face paling. He couldn't help but wonder if Wynter's interference had caused Fredric's stolen fortune to dissipate.
But that was a formation set by the medium. According to the medium, even if the underworld guards came, they wouldn't be able to intervene.
If the fortune could be stolen, it meant that the heavenly law had allowed it. If the heavens had agreed, that fortune would, by rights, accompany Judah through several lifetimes.
Fredric trembled as he watched Judah become more terrified, shaking violently and even crying out in fear. No one had ever told them that Wynter knew the Arcane Way!
Aside from Wynter's subordinates, the only one left there was Fredric, who was about to be sentenced. Hence, she naturally had no need to hide anything anymore.
She walked up to Judah. "Go ahead and take your revenge since you have endless time. If this life isn't enough, there will be the next. You've taken lives, and stolen fortunes.
"Now, you want to come back during your next life with a good fate. Judah Randell, I won't allow it. Even if the heavenly law approves, I won't let you get your wish. And as for what you know..."
Wynter crouched down in front of him, her eyes filled with murderous intent. "Is someone planning to harm Cascadia's fortune or preparing for the pandemic that will soon happen?"
Judah froze, unable to say another word. He tilted his head back, as though silently asking how she knew about it. Wynter's gaze was cold and calm. "The Special Unit can find clues from your daily habits. So, I'm not interested in whatever you've confessed to anymore, and I don't need to investigate any further. I'll leave you to them."
Wynter stood up after speaking, leaving behind a pale, terrified Judah. He had gone completely mad!
Fredric trembled all over as he watched everything unfold.
When Wynter approached him, he instinctively took a step back, nearly losing his balance. His speech quickened, almost panicked. "I know everything he knows and have kept an eye out! I'll confess! I'll tell you everything!"
He was genuinely scared now. If he had been trying to hold back before, now he dared not try any tricks in front of Wynter, who had successfully made an example out of Judah.
Wynter calmly wiped her hands with a tissue, lifting her chin slightly to signal for others to come in and take the statement. From there on, others could handle the questioning. She had more pressing matters to attend to.
As the interrogation reached its conclusion, something occurred to Wynter. She already knew the purpose behind it all the Chamber of Commerce. She was certain that there were people connected to the scholarship committee within the Chamber of Commerce as well.
Gordon had worked hard to establish that Chamber, and she would not let it fall into the wrong hands.
At this moment, Edison was still feeling smug. Although Fredric hadn't responded to his messages, he didn't think much of it. After all, Fredric had already told him that he was accompanying Lucas.
Stetson, however, had a bad feeling.
But Edison reassured him, "Mr. Leftnan, you're just overthinking. Don't you know what kind of person Mr. Monty is? He's the second-in-command in Hawford. If anyone wants to go against him, it would have to be the first-in- command or someone from the provincial government, right?
"And, even if we assume the worst, Mr. Monty has connections with people from the provincial government. Do
you really think anyone can just target him out of nowhere?"
###chapter1659
Chapter 1659 Dead End
Listening to Edison's words, the tension Stetson felt slowly eased. However, his face didn't show any signs of a smile.
Seeing this, Edison walked over and said, "Mr. Leftnan, the people from the Chamber of Commerce will be here soon to celebrate my appointment as the acting chairman. You should come along, too. If it weren't for you, the Whitman family would still be causing trouble."
Stetson didn't respond with much enthusiasm. He considered Edison to be someone who could only flatter the powerful and was utterly lacking in true ability.
However, Stetson couldn't directly express his discontent, so he simply nodded in acknowledgment.
Edison could tell Stetson was just going through the motions. He secretly thought that Steson was merely a senile old fool who didn't know his place.
Once he solidified his position as acting chairman, he would make sure Stetson got what was coming to him. For now, he didn't show any signs of resentment, acting with an exaggerated respect toward him.
At this point, Stetson's mood had improved slightly. He had been restless ever since he couldn't get in touch with Fredric.
It was rare for him to feel unsettled, but now, he was starting to regret some of his decisions.
He had expelled the Quinnell family's descendant and had sidelined the Whitman family. Instead, he ended up selecting someone without much capability to be the acting chairman.
He had essentially wagered his decades of prestige on this, though outwardly, he hadn't heard much in terms of opposition.
However, there was still a person Stetson was worried about-Cleo Sinclair. Stetson saw Cleo as a mad dog raised by Gordon. Who knew what kind of trouble he might stir up? And there were also the remaining elders from the Quinnell family who might come to confront him.
The Waldron family, though without true talent, was obedient. They were fine as puppets. After all, if he had chosen someone with actual ability, they might not have been so easy to control, just like Noah and Taylor.
Thinking about this, Stetson decided to let go of his stubbornness.
Soon, members of the Chamber of Commerce began to trickle in, all offering their congratulations to Edison. This Chamber of Commerce had always been dominated by the Whitman and Wray families in terms of influence. Yet, no one expected the acting chairman to be someone like Edison. While he was still just an acting chairman, that was enough for now. Furthermore, with Stetson personally overseeing things, the message was clear.
There was also another crucial piece of information. Fredric had dined alone with Edison, and it was done openly, without any attempts to hide it. This was a clear signal to everyone that Edison had connections. The Whitman family was clearly done for.
Stetson began to speak when he saw that everyone had arrived. "Everyone, as we all know, the Whitman family used to manage many affairs within the Chamber of Commerce. However, we need someone to take over these matters now, or else there will be many problems.
"Since Edison is now the acting chairman, let's allow him to decide on these matters."
As he continued to speak, he glanced sideways. "The Chamber of Commerce has always prided itself on cooperation, shared resources, and harmonious prosperity.
"Unfortunately, some previous proposals were never fully implemented, leaving our Chamber stagnating and losing many overseas markets. Hence, it is now time for a change in how we make our decisions."
After hearing this, the crowd nodded in agreement. "Mr. Leftnan is right. It was always the Whitman family making all the decisions. As this decision-making body's members, our opinions were often rejected by them.
"Many of my overseas partners were interested in joining the Chamber, but the Whitman family always refused to allow foreign companies to join, claiming it violated the late Mr. Quinnell Senior's founding principles.
"If they had been more open-minded, our Chamber would have expanded globally by now."
Another person chimed in, "Exactly! The Whitman family weren't even big shots, yet they didn't want to see us thrive.
"Mr. Leftnan, Mr. Waldron, look at the current situation-everyone's making money online now. We could easily create a program and collaborate with an overseas company. By locking the IP address there, we'd essentially make money without lifting a finger."
###chapter1660
Chapter 1660 The Plot Twist
The crowd buzzed with lively discussion, with several of Edison's supporters eagerly agreeing to his every word. After all, they had joined the Chamber of Commerce for the sole reason of making money!
One member laughed gleefully. "We were constantly held back by the Whitman family, blocking us from plenty of profitable ventures.
"Now, they're not only struggling with their dealers, but I also heard from a friend that their market value has plummeted. It's only a matter of time before they declare bankruptcy!"
Edison loved nothing more than listening to the Whitmans' downfall, yet he still hid his excitement under a calm facade. "They're our old acquaintances. Seeing the Whitman family like this, I can't help but feel a sense of pity.
"When they truly can't keep it together anymore, perhaps the Chamber can send someone to check on Mr. Whitman Senior and see if he'd like our help-maybe by selling us some of his shares."
This wasn't an offer of help but an underbanded attempt to push Reuben over the edge.
Hearing this, the group burst into laughter.
"It looks like we might not even need to make that trip. The Whitman family's 'perfect' granddaughter has already dragged them into an irrecoverable mess!"
"They brought this upon themselves! We are all businessmen, so how could we not know that she was building a reputation as a national hero? Let's see how she can keep up that act now!"
Edison raised a hand to silence the crowd. "That was all in the past. From now on, we make our own rules in the Chamber of Commerce. We'll do the business we want and befriend whoever we choose!"
With no restrictions holding them back, these people were wild with excitement.
Despite past rules against indulgence within the Chamber of Commerce, Edison clapped his hands, summoning a group of women in white stockings and alluring postures.
After the closing of Club Solstice, the women once hidden by the Wray family were now kept by Edison. Now, reopening this "club" here in the Chamber of Commerce seemed perfect-after all, what better place than this? As expected, all of the people at the gathering were male. Several members' eyes shifted when they saw the women. "Tonight, we drink without limits!"
With Fredric on their side, they felt untouchable. Nobody would dare to investigate this place now, and the Whitman family's downfall had finally freed them to indulge as they pleased!
At the same time, another wave of people gathered outside the Whitman Group building this time from the supply chain.
Everyone assumed the Whitman family couldn't hold on any longer, yet Reuben remained calm. He was firm with his decisions. Those who breached their contracts received nothing, and those with contracts due got their deliveries, but there would be no future collaboration.
Just as he announced his decision, a voice called out from the crowd. "Everyone, check the news online!"
Online? What could possibly be happening online?
The personal bloggers, who had gathered to capture the Whitman family's so-called demise, quickly pulled out their phones.
The news, tagging both the Quinnell and Whitman families in the post, was nothing short of a bombshell. "Recently, certain individuals fabricated stories to defame businesses, using unfair competition tactics to falsely accuse and imprison others. Investigations have clarified the facts, as follows.
"The Quinnell and Whitman Groups have not engaged in any stock market disruptions. They are highly committed to nurturing domestic brands, pioneering technical advancements, and fostering technological research.
"Mr. Quinnell Senior once stated that technology should serve people, rather than being an unattainable luxury. Mr. Whitman Senior, with an educational background and a scholar's demeanor, has protected numerous private manufacturers from foreign competition.
"We often speak of the need for business leaders with integrity, yet such examples are rare. These senior entrepreneurs, setting such honorable standards, should not have to endure groundless misfortunes.
"As for the Quinnell Group's CEO, Wynter Quinnell, her involvement in the stock market was a move to stabilize it. This case is linked to foreign influences, and her infiltration into enemy ranks was pivotal in uncovering a 20-year -long local corruption scandal."
###chapter1661
Chapter 1661 Standing Up for Wynter
"I, for one, extend my gratitude to Ms. Quinnell for her contribution."
One post after another began appearing, practically setting the entire internet ablaze.
"What does this mean?"
"Don't you get it? It means Wynter was wrongly accused."
"Hold on, it's more than that! There's mention of a massive corruption case. I'm so confused!"
"That person who said, 'I, for one, extend my gratitude,' is hilarious."
"Dude, I think you're the hilarious one. Check their title! That's a newly appointed provincial official, with a military rank!"
"So... we were criticizing the wrong person this whole time?"
"I knew it! Ms. Quinnell wouldn't stoop to some fake persona!"
"Exactly! I checked the news again. This makes her out to be way more impressive than what people thought! She entered the stock market to save it! That's some serious commitment!
"It requires power, money, and a genuine sense of duty to the common people. Who else would go out of their way to stabilize the market?"
"So, if this involved foreign forces, does that mean they were trying to launder money through our markets, and Ms. Quinnell was protecting us against it? And were people attacking her for it? I just don't understand."
"People got misled! I shouldn't have criticized her. I really regret it now."
"But why now? If she was innocent, why didn't this come out earlier? Why wait?"
Eliana, who had been by Anson's side, couldn't hold back any longer after seeing these comments and snapped back.
Using her personal social media account, Eliana replied to the comment, "Because she was saving us at that time! Right now, I'm not the only one with a phone-I'm sure other girls like me were also rescued.
"The scholarship committee tricked us and had powerful backing. Ms. Wynter disrupted their operations, so they slapped a false charge on her. But she didn't give in.
"She went to the interviews in my place. I don't know exactly what she went through, but I really want to know if she's safe now."
This comment left readers stunned, yet it quickly triggered a wave of responses from others who were also speaking up.
"I was also chosen by the same committee. They said it was because of my grades, and that I'd get to study abroad as an exchange student.
"But there was no interview-they drugged us, then put us up for sale. If it weren't for Ms. Quinnell stepping in, I wouldn't be alive to tell the tale."
"Me too! I was safely brought back home, too. I also want to know if Ms. Quinnell is safe now!"
"I was there for that so-called 'interview,' too. I can vouch for what they're saying!"
"She's been protecting us the whole time. She came to our rescue when we thought no one would. I don't get why people keep accusing her of 'faking a persona.'
"How exactly is she doing that? By putting her life on the line? How could bringing the heroic spirits home be a charade? She livestreamed from that trafficking village, so how could that be staged? Please, wake up!"
The trending topics shifted once again, but this time, there were no more accusations directed at Wynter. Instead, the "Scholarship Committee" began to dominate the conversations.
More and more voices emerged, revealing truths that sent shivers down people's spines.
"Was she targeted because of what she uncovered?"
"These people are worse than animals! They even manipulated us into attacking the Quinnell and Whitman families!"
"I can't believe I was so blind!"
"There must be some powerful figure behind this!"
"I need to apologize to the Whitman family!"
"I will, too! Gosh, I will never blindly criticize anyone again!"
Yet, some parts of the case-particularly those involving the Scholarship Committee-still couldn't be fully revealed to the public as the details were too horrific to digest.
###chapter1662
Chapter 1662 The Truth Revealed
The internet, as usual, would naturally try to block certain keywords. Usually, this information would filter out sensitive information before it was posted.
However, this time, with Lucas overseeing things, he was determined to clear Wynter's name within the boundaries of the law.
Moreover, the number of people Wynter had saved was simply too great, and even if they tried to control the narrative, it was no match for public opinion. Hence, they decided not to interfere too much, only providing necessary oversight.
Every time Wynter handed over a major case or achieved a breakthrough, Lucas took care of the aftermath, essentially doing the work that Dalton had intended to do.
In just a few minutes, the topic surrounding Wynter was unstoppable, only growing more intense.
The spotlight on the Quinnell and Whitman families reached an unprecedented level of attention. And the phrase," I'm going to apologize to the Whitman family," was buzzing online.
The personal bloggers on-site were all stunned.
The good news for them was that whoever could capture the scene with the Whitman family would see their traffic surge.
The bad news, however, was that the content they had previously posted-attacking and slandering the Whitman family-had led to their accounts being banned.
Some of their followers were even discussing in private groups that they must have been paid to spread negative stories about the Whitman family. And it was true-they were indeed paid.
Many of these personal bloggers, especially those who once posed as public intellectuals, had ties to foreign influences. Now, their accounts had been banned, and they were left facing backlash.
The internet, known for digging into every detail, had unearthed their connections, and these influencers knew that further repercussions were coming. Despite seeing the Whitman family make a comeback, they dared not to speak out again.
As the topic continued to dominate discussions online, the Whitman family's market value exploded, showing an unprecedented surge.
Those suppliers who had canceled their contracts and laughed earlier were now left frozen in shock. They couldn't believe that Wynter was still able to turn the tables around.
One of them snatched the phone from his assistant. "Impossible! There is no way this is real!"
"But the announcement is already out..." his assistant replied.
No one was willing to believe it. These people had been clinging to a powerful benefactor, thinking that all they needed to do was wait quietly for success to come their way. But instead, they had sabotaged themselves and lost the fortune they had in their grasp!
Some of the more fragile business owners nearly fainted, while the dealers who had been supplying goods to the Whitman family were even more desperate.
Now, anything branded with the Whitman family name was in high demand, and their products were flying off the shelves.
The only apology the public could think of was buying their products. They felt deeply ashamed for having slandered them, especially after realizing the truth about what the Whitman family had been doing all these years. The numerous people who had been worried about Wynter's safety now understood that there were powerful forces that had been using the common people, and it was her who had stood up to uncover the truth.
Unfortunately, they had fallen into the trap and spent days cursing her. Hence, many of them added a special note 
when making orders. "Apologies to Ms. Quinnell!"
This sudden wave of goodwill left the Whitman family completely caught off guard.
The dealers who had previously believed Reuben and didn't breach their contracts were now laughing in disbelief, unable to contain their joy.
In contrast, the dealers who had just canceled their contracts were now breaking out in cold sweats. This was because the now sharp-eyed people online had turned their focus onto these companies' social media accounts.
They accused these businesses of intentionally pushing the Whitman family over the edge by terminating their contracts with them while they were being attacked by rumors.
"Ungrateful dogs! Your company is nothing but ungrateful! If it weren't for the Whitman family, you wouldn't even be where you are now, and yet you're kicking them while they're down!"
"There must be someone pulling the strings!"
Looking at the comments, some of the bosses panicked. "Quick! Contact Mr. Waldron now!"
###chapter1663
Chapter 1663 High-End Club
Meanwhile, Edison was still reveling in his hedonistic celebration.
The Chamber of Commerce's previously formal atmosphere had transformed into something more akin to a high- end club, with drinks flowing and cigars lit.
Each man was accompanied by at least two women dressed in the lightest of silks, seductive smiles on every face. They were indulging in the beauties by their side, their presence lending an intoxicating allure to the room.
In the middle of his revelry, Edison's phone began ringing. Thinking it was Rosalyn, he didn't bother checking his phone and simply shut it off.
Meanwhile, the anxious dealers were frantically trying to reach him. Furious messages and inquiries from the public were bombarding their company profiles, questioning their integrity as suppliers.
Had they simply held on to their contracts with the Whitman family, they'd be thriving right now, riding the wave of public support. But instead, they'd gotten nothing but criticisms! The benefits Edison had promised them were nowhere to be seen.
With such a huge scandal, he should at least explain himself-anything to justify the fallout. Now, not only were there no words of assurance, but they couldn't even reach him!
Some of their accounts were flooded with so much criticism that they had to turn off the comments.
"Hey, have you had any luck reaching Mr. Waldron?"
"I just tried! It says the number I was dialing is unavailable!"
"Same here! What are we supposed to do? I only canceled my deal with the Whitman family because Mr. Waldron said so! Now everything's turned around like some movie plot, but he's vanished!"
"Dammit! Do you think Edison tricked us? Did he get us to cancel our contracts with the Whitman family only to disappear afterward? Is he making a fool out of us?"
The longer they spoke, the more suspicious they grew. After all, Edison's phone was switched off.
Then, someone texted in the group chat. "I found him! He's at the Chamber of Commerce! I'm nearby, so I'll head over now. He's got to give us an explanation!"
Edison, completely intoxicated, was swaying atop a glass table with a microphone in band.
He coughed, quieting the raucous crowd, and began, "Ladies and gentlemen, as the Chamber of Commerce's acting chairman, I promise that as long as I, Edison Waldron, is here, you'll have a glass to drink!
"Only stubborn old-timers like the Whitman family care about outdated rules. I—"
Before he could finish, there was a huge ruckus. The guards stationed outside were suddenly kicked through the door, crashing heavily onto the floor.
A figure stood straight in the doorway, and the Chamber of Commerce members, already a bit tipsy from the alcohol, squinted in confusion, unable to make out the person's face. They wondered what was going on.
The members exchanged a glance, and instantly, the alcohol's effect began to wear off. They shook their heads, hastily trying to let go of the women they were holding, their attention fully shifting to the figure.
As the person approached, it felt exactly like their first meeting with her-an overwhelming presence of authority radiated from her, combined with a scion's arrogance.
The lights in the room suddenly blazed to life, glaringly bright.
"How dare you guys tarnish the Chamber of Commerce's reputation like this?"
The coldness in Wynter's eyes was unmistakable. She had been to the frontlines, and she knew what Gordon had
envisioned when he first founded the Chamber of Commerce.
His goal had always been for Cascadian businesspeople to support one another so that no one would go hungry and that they would not fall behind in both technology and the economy.
He believed that falling behind would only lead to being exploited, which was why unity had always been their strongest principle.
Back then, the elders who were part of the Chamber of Commerce would read the Youth Daily, always trying to provide help when needed.
###chapter1664
Chapter 1664 The Reason for Their Downfall
Some people were skilled at networking, some at research and development, and others at trade.
Back then, foreign countries were more advanced, and the older generation did everything they could to learn from them.
Many things they achieved were the result of trial and error. They were done all for the people's prosperity and the country's strength.
But now, these people with no conscience had turned this place into their playground for indulgence!
Wynter didn't waste any more words. Whoever approached her, she would twist and break their wrist.
The loud crack snapped everyone out of their drunken stupor instantly. Some stumbled back in shock, their eyes wide with fear and confusion.
Edison had drunk the most. After all, he had everything he wanted today. He was celebrating becoming the Chamber of Commerce's acting chairman.
From now on, he thought, the entire Chamber of Commerce was his to control, so he didn't think anyone would be able to stop him from drinking a little.
"Who is it? Who dares to make trouble here?" he slurred.
As Edison mumbled to himself, he squinted under the harsh light as he recognized the last person he expected to see standing at the door-Wynter. She even had a foot on his secretary.
She advanced toward him slowly, and with each step, it felt like she was driving a knife deeper into him.
Edison's vision blurred with panic, his legs trembling as he instinctively backed away.
The rest of the room finally began to sense the shift in the air and turned to see who had entered. They blinked and rubbed their eyes, trying to see if it really was Wynter.
Questions swirled in their minds. How was she out? Had she been released? And if so, why hadn't anyone informed Edison? Did Fredric know about this?
In an instant, the room went silent. The alcohol muddled everyone's minds.
The women, sensing the tension in the room, tried to slip out. However, there was only one exit, and Wynter stood firmly in the doorway, blocking their escape.
Edison took a deep breath, trying to make sense of how Wynter had managed to get out. He thought perhaps the Yarwood family's influence in Kingbourne was stronger than he'd assumed-strong enough to save her. After all, she was still engaged to Dalton.
That had to be it. Otherwise, there was no other explanation. There was no way any of them could even bypass Fredric. Or, maybe this was Fedric's strategic move so that the Yarwood family would owe him a favor.
But so what if she was out? Even with her connections, her reputation was still in tatters.
Hence, Edison straightened his collar, suppressing any sign of nervousness.
Looking at Wynter with an air of haughty disdain, he sneered. "I won't argue with you-you're just a youngster. "You might not know since you were in custody, but I'll inform you now. I'm now the Chamber of Commerce's acting chairman. What happens here is none of your concern.
"The Quinnell and Whitman families are out of the picture now. In fact, I should thank you. If it weren't for your bad conduct, the Whitman family wouldn't have been dragged down and expelled from the Chamber of Commerce.
11
Hearing Edison's words, the others grew bolder. Their initial surprise at Wynter's presence quickly faded. After all, in their mind, they were convinced she was powerless now.
"Kiddo, you've got some nerve coming here to cause trouble. You should be back at the Whitman Group building. Your uncles and grandfather are probably scrambling to sell off assets because of the mess you dragged them into. "If you were born into my family, I'd have broken your legs by now to keep you in line," one of them chimed in. Another joined in. "Exactly! You've drained us of money in the stock market and treated us like we don't deserve your respect all because you had the Quinnell and Whitman families backing you.
"But look at yourself now-they can't shield you anymore. Let's see if you still have any tricks up your sleeve."
A middle-aged man with a large belly, Eamon Sebra, stood next to Edison. He shouted louder than anyone else, his eyes full of intense disdain.
###chapter1665

Chapter 1665 Regrets
Wynter recognized Eamon instantly. He used to be one of the Whitman Group's small shareholders.
Wynter narrowed her eyes. "Did you betray the Whitman family?"
Eamon scoffed. "Betray? Get your facts straight. Look at how much the Whitman family's market value has plummeted! Betrayal? I'm just seeking a better opportunity!
"The Whitman family is too conservative and has been removed from the Chamber of Commerce. What future do they have?"
Wynter's gaze remained calm. "To remove a member, it not only requires approval from more than 70 percent of the members but also the endorsement of the senior members who have weathered the Chamber of Commerce's ups and downs. Who approved the Whitman family's removal?"
Wynter wanted to know who else was involved in this decision. However, Stetson, who wasn't feeling well, wasn't present.
Edison sneered. "Who? Doesn't Noah know? The Whitman family might not be satisfied if someone else made this decision, but they must listen to Mr. Leftnan, right?"
"Stetson Leftnan?" Wynter's gaze darkened, her eyes narrowed, masking her thoughts.
She raised her hand and pressed her Bluetooth earpiece. "Did you hear that? Bring him here. I want to ask him something."
Seeing this, Edison laughed coldly. "What's this supposed to mean? Are you showing disrespect to Mr. Leftnan? You must have a death wish! You just came out of prison, but if you go back in, no one on your side will look good.
"I'm telling you, don't force us. It would be wise for you to leave now! And don't provoke Mr. Leftnan! No one will be able to save you if you do."
Wynter smiled as he listened to Edison. "Are you done?"
Edison looked at her with a defiant expression, as if to say he would personally end her if she dared to cause a scene in the Chamber of Commerce.
Yet, Wynter moved in a flash, faster than anyone could react. She grabbed Edison by the neck with one hand and lifted him, her voice cold and emotionless, without a hint of hesitation.
"I'm forcing you now. Why aren't you making a move? You probably don't understand me well enough. I'm the type to favor violence when not controlled."
She landed a punch squarely on his abdomen.
The pain caused Edison to spit out a mouthful of blood. He cried out, "Are you crazy? Are
you trying to kill me? Try hitting me again! Even the Yarwood family won't be able to save you!"
Wynter didn't bother with his protest and snapped his wrist with a single motion.
Edison, in pain, struggled as cold sweat poured down his face. He screamed at the top of his lungs, "Call the police! Someone, call the police!"
The members at the scene were completely stunned, frozen in place as they scrambled to turn on their phones and call the police.
However, as soon as they checked their devices, they were paralyzed with shock.
They hadn't been paying attention to their phones earlier while they were enjoying themselves. But now, they were flooded with missed calls and new notifications.
They couldn't believe what they were seeing. A plot twist? How could there be a plot twist with a jail sentence?
Meanwhile, Eamon wasn't seeing the same thing. Instead, his eyes were glued to the alerts on his phone. The Whitman family's market value had soared-no, it had tripled! The market price was higher than its peak, more than three times the previous value!
How could this happen? He had just sold all of his shares to Noah yesterday. And now, the value had exploded.
"What's happening? What's going on?" Edison exclaimed.
No one was even thinking about calling the police for Edison anymore. They were desperate to know what was going on.
They frantically dialed numbers, scrolling through the push notifications and headlines that were flooding their phones. Their eyes widened with disbelief as they continued. Slowly, they all turned to look at Wynter, their hands trembling.
###chapter1666

Chapter 1666 Wrong Decisions
The scene grew tense as former Whitman family associates now stared at their phones, eyes rimmed red with regret. If they had known about this drastic twist and that the Whitman family had such powerful backing, they would never have voted to oust them.
Meanwhile, every breath sent pain through Edison's battered organs. "You guys... call the police..." With each word, more blood dripped from his lips. "What are all of you doing?"
But the other members were transfixed by their screens, as if they had lost all their senses.
Edison tried to struggle away from Wynter, who gave him a chance to do so, throwing him aside to the floor.
Just then, his secretary scrambled over, desperate. "Mr. Waldron, n-never mind calling the police! Why... Why haven't you checked your phone yet?"
Edison, still reeling from the pain, had barely thought of anything else. He was fixated on seeing Wynter jailed, convinced she was nothing more than an unrefined troublemaker country bumpkin.
Yet, his secretary's distressed expression made his heart sink. Could something serious have happened? His mind clicked into gear, and he instantly switched on his phone.
As Edison struggled to make sense of things, his phone rang, and he instinctively answered it. The voice on the other end belonged to a dealer he had persuaded to break ties with the Whitman family, and his tone was frantic and accusatory.
"You finally picked up! Mr. Waldron, we're just average people trying to do business. We can't handle these high-stakes games!
"Didn't you say the Whitman family was about to go under? You promised us deals with profit margins 50 percent above industry standards if we terminated our contracts with them!
"But now, the entire internet's gone crazy for the Whitmans' products! Not only did they not go bankrupt, but their stock value even doubled several times over! Mr. Waldron, you're cutting off our livelihood! You need to honor your promises!"
Edison's head was spinning as his mind repeated the words he just heard. This couldn't be! He couldn't understand how this had happened!
Ignoring the caller's pleas, Edison, despite the excruciating pain from his broken wrist and the cold sweat pouring down his face, scrolled through his screen like a man possessed. With each refresh, his face paled further.
"Impossible... This can't be! Mr. Keller... Mr. Keller's account!"
Edison knew that Lucas was the one Fredric had been socializing with recently. He knew Lucas was recently appointed to oversee and rectify significant affairs in the area, and Edison had been trying to curry favor with him. He had even followed Lucas' official account long ago.
But now, he couldn't make sense of what he was seeing!
Edison's hands trembled as he thought of Fredric. He was sure he needed Fredric's support now, or Wynter might very well ruin him completely. He couldn't take this fall alone!
But in the next instant, he realized just how futile that hope was.
His screen lit up with a breaking news alert. The report detailed a long list of charges-abuse of power, extortion of honest businesses, disregard for legal standards, corruption, hurting the common people, and bribery.
Almost every offense listed against Fredric was punishable by death.
But the shock didn't end there. Another notification came up, one that made Edison gasp aloud-the person who had sold them out was Judah from the province.
As he read through the news, Edison collapsed onto the floor. It was over. Everyone involved in this was done for!
"Call the police?" Wynter lifted his gaze slightly as she flicked a coin between her fingers. No need to trouble yourself, Mr. Waldron. I'm here to personally deliver you a special gift."
||
###chapter1667
Chapter 1667 Cleaning up the Trash
Hearing the word "special gift" made everyone present freeze in fear. They knew this meant that there was a high possibility that they would undergo thorough investigations.
If even Judah, someone with even more influence than Fredric, had fallen, they were next!
Eamon's face contorted with fear and his mind raced before he threw himself onto his knees before Wynter.
"Wynter, it was all Edison's doing! He threatened me! He said if I didn't side with him, I'd face the same fate as the Whitman family. I didn't have a choice!
"I had such a great relationship with your uncle and worked so hard for the Whitman Group all these years! Please forgive me! I beg you! I'll apologize to your uncle! I will call him right now!"
Hearing his plea, the other Chamber members crowded forward, mimicking his groveling tone.
"I'll apologize too, Ms. Quinnell! We were wrong! We'll return to the Whitman family now!"
"That's right! If it weren't for Edison's threat, he wouldn't be able to become the acting chairman!"
Edison's eyes widened, bloodshot with rage. "You ungrateful traitors! Me, threatening you? Weren't you just complaining that the Whitman family was too strict with its rules and were too old-fashioned?
"Just a few minutes ago, you people were drinking, swearing your loyalty, and saying we'd all live it up together. Now you turn around and play me for a fool!"
As he spoke, Edison pointed
Eamon. "Who was it that said the Whitman family deserve all this? It was you,
wasn't it? You want to take over the Whitman family, yet you haven't got the guts or skills!"
Eamon's face drained of color as he glanced at Wynter, visibly flustered. He then yelled at Edison, "You're trying to slander me!"
"Slandering you? I couldn't get the Whitman family removed on my own! We all had a part in it," Edison said as he had reached the point of no return.
He turned to Wynter, pleading, "I admit my mistakes, Wynter, but don't let these people deceive you. I am the one being played here.
"If we're talking about connections, I've always had the closest ties with the Whitman family. They've just been setting me up for a fall, propping me up only to pit me against them."
Edison had always been shameless. Even now, he was still trying to weasel his way out.
Wynter's gaze was calm as she watched the middle-aged men squabble. She lightly rolled a cigar between her fingers, her tone laced with disgust.
"All of you should have known this would be the result when you hid the news of my mother's return for your own selfish interests. You didn't get away with it—it's just that the time wasn't right for your punishment."
As soon as Wynter mentioned Marie, the faces of three men, especially Edison's, changed. Wynter knew full well that both he and the Wray and Montclair families were the root cause of this.
"Edison Waldron, you've wanted to replace the Whitman family for a long time now. Don't worry, jail is too light of a punishment for you. I'll make sure you taste the same bitterness everything that the Whitman family has been through."
Edison's face stiffened. He didn't quite understand what she meant.
"As for you all?" Wynter's voice dropped lower. "None of you are innocent. You've broken the law, engaged in malicious competition, and spread rumors about domestic brands."
She looked up. "Take them away. Let the courts decide their fates. If they want to file a lawsuit, that's fine, too. The Quinnell's Legal Department is always ready to engage."
"Understood." With that, a dozen or so people in uniforms rushed in.
Seeing this, those who had been begging for mercy suddenly pulled out something.
other countries, so we demand an
"You don't have the authority arrest us! We have permanent resident cards. international trial!" six out of eight of them shouted, their faces still showing a hint of arrogance.
It was as if they thought Wynter was not qualified to take them, and if she didn't want to escalate this into an international diplomatic issue, she'd better not act recklessly.
Despite their attempts to hide it, a sense of superiority still leaked from their bones. They looked at Wynter, as if daring her to do more.
Wynter grabbed a pair of handcuffs and walked over with a commanding presence. Without saying a word, she snapped them on with a sharp click.
"I'd like to see which international connections behind you are bold enough to come here and try to save you."
The six of them exchanged glances, incredulous. How could she not be afraid of causing an international incident? How dare she take them away like this?
Seeing their terrified expressions, Wynter slowly smiled. "I've encountered people like you before-those who receive the country's benefits and make money here but look down on the very land that raised them.
"You think just because you've obtained foreign citizenship, you're superior, and that 'international issues' are your trump card. Let me tell you-with your status, you're not even qualified to sit at the table.
"The last batch of people who were like you had nowhere to run. Do you want to guess what happened to them?" The six of them immediately panicked, cold sweat breaking out on their foreheads.
Wynter chuckled lightly. "Originally, this case was nothing special. But congratulations! You just escalated it with one sentence. I do hope the people behind you have enough guts to come forward for you."
However, the six people still didn't understand that they were nothing more than pawns, used to disrupt Cascadia's market.
They had overseas bank accounts, and money laundering had already extended beyond borders. They were nothing more than tools, manipulated and deceived with promises of good conditions. But when things went wrong, they would simply be discarded as expendable pieces.
In the entire venue, only Edison was left behind. Wynter had stated that it wasn't yet time for his arrest.
Edison was on the verge of collapse. As he listened to the voices of desperation around him, he desperately tried to make calls, but none of them connected.
...
The dynamic outside had already changed. After all, how could Wynter allow those who had targeted the Whitman family to boost their own political achievements to remain?
From the moment the Whitman family's reputation began to turn around, many in the office started to feel
uneasy.
Most of them were directors, their palms sweaty as they wondered if they should contact Fredric to figure out how to handle the situation.
However, when the announcement regarding Fredric came out, they slumped in their chairs.
These people remembered the time when Reuben had sought their help. None of them had treated him kindly. Some had been polite but only to mock him.
One of the directors' subordinates, Huron Paloma, noticed something and quietly said to the director, "Mr. Moody, we treated Mr. Whitman Senior with respect when he came to us. We served him good tea and didn't neglect him.
"Even if you didn't help him, everything we did was according to the rules. We can't just start using personal power every time someone asks for help, can we? This way, it better reflects your integrity."
Yet, they didn't mention how they were practically talking about the Whitman family as if they were a laughingstock.
The director, Aleron Moody, took a sip from his thermos cup before responding, "Huron, what you say makes sense. We didn't do anything wrong.
"Just because we didn't help the Whitman family doesn't mean we should be held accountable if they managed to get out of their predicament. Even if Wynter is powerful, she can't just act recklessly against public officials." Aleron thought he was safe. After all, major cases like Fredric's wouldn't implicate someone at his level. Besides, with the high-ranking officials under scrutiny, he assumed his minor connection to Fredric would remain buried. But in the next moment, that illusion shattered. The investigative unit arrived at his office, giving him no room to talk his way out of it, presenting evidence of his involvement. Not only was he detained, but his entire team was also taken into custody.
This was a corruption crackdown targeting an entire chain of accomplices. Wynter had waited patiently to uncover each of these hidden parasites. From top to bottom, not a single one would be spared.
Those who thought their uniform was a shield, fed off public funds while indulging used their power to oppress and exploit others were sent away, one by one.
corruption and abuse, and
This became the largest corruption scandal in the region's history, with news bulletins rolling out nonstop. Officials were arrested mid-meeting, and company heads were detained right as they cut ribbons at new openings.
The news left the public in shock.
"Things are really changing."
"And it's all thanks to the new official. They used the investigation into the Whitman family's case to blow up this
whole mess."
"Finally, some justice! The dad of the kid who bullied my child was arrested! Serves him right!"
"That dude who kept nitpicking at my business and always hinting for bribes is in custody, too! Oh, this feels so
good!"
At first glance, these comments seemed minor, but the truth beneath them was profound.
Behind bullying cases in schools often lay not just the students but also influential parents and corrupt schools Some kids, emboldened by their family's status, bullied others without remorse, mimicking their parents'
unethical behavior.
Meanwhile, those in positions meant to support the community instead demanded bribes, treating anyone who refused as "low EQ" or undeserving of success. This was precisely what Lucas aimed to eliminate. Some individuals, unrelated to the Whitman family's affairs, were also taken down on the same day. Many figures were high-ranking officials and appeared defiant. They didn't think anyone would find out about their past
these
wrongdoings.
However, Wynter had already gathered evidence on them and provided it to Lucas prior to taking action.
One such case that resurfaced was that of Vanessa, who had tragically leaped to her death.
Some of the officials paled upon hearing Vanessa's name. They didn't think this was something anyone would be able to uncover. Yet, the evidence now laid bare in front of them.
This case had lingered in the shadows, with many voicing suspicions. Nevertheless, Vanessa's parents had issued an agreement, quelling further inquiry.
But beneath the surface, the case was linked to a dark, horrifying network-a chain of exploitation involving the Scholarship Committee and Club Solstice. Many young women had suffered under this system, and behind it was undoubtedly a powerful shield of protection.
Wynter's mission was to uproot this protective force entirely, ensuring not a single guilty party escaped justice.
Evil people would naturally forget their evil deeds, assuming they were buried and forgotten as public discourse had faded. But when they were forced to confront their past crimes, the veneer of righteousness they once displayed dissolved instantly.
They were terrified. Their hands shook as they tried to drink tea, and large beads sweat rolled down their faces. They knew they were done for, and no one could save them now.
Even those who had initially criticized Lucas' methods as "too severe" were swiftly removed from their positions.
Meanwhile, Club Solstice's case received an official update.
Perhaps the public no longer cared about the updates as the heat of the topic faded. However, Leo knew that there was still someone who cared.
Vanessa's spirit lingered near Club Solstice's corner, drifting aimlessly, day in and day out. Other spirits had homes to return to, but she did not. Spirits like her, who were betrayed by their families after death, were denied even the dignity of a name in the world of the dead.
Her parents had treated her like a commodity. No one pitied her while she lived, and after her ambiguous death she didn't even know who she was or where to go. She simply wandered around Club Solstice, never willing to
stray too far.
Leo himself was a malevolent spirit. He understood what could happen if she lingered too long. She would
eventually become like he once was-bound to one place, unable to reincarnate or live again.
But now, things were different. Vanessa paused, and her gaze landed on Leo. For the first time, her eyes glinted. "You're the one who follows that
person... I've seen you before."
Leo nodded and walked toward her. "My master has other matters to attend to, but she sent me to persuade you to move on. She said there are things you need to come to peace with on your own."
"My parents... they knew I was murdered. Yet, they took the money anyway just so they could one day buy my brother a house when he marries." Vanessa's face twisted with a sad smile that soon turned to quiet sobs.
"I don't get it... others might call me unprincipled, a gold digger who came to this place for money-but my own
parents? "They constantly pressured me to send money home. I felt like I couldn't breathe under all that. I thought that they might at least consider what I went through after dying like this."
Her gaze drifted as she murmured, "It turns out that all they cared about was selling me for a good price."
Leo, with his small figure, who normally looked like a malevolent spirit that others wouldn't dare approach, appeared different today. He was dressed in a little dog-print pajama set Wynter got for him.
He raised his small face and spoke softly. "I understand. My mother abandoned me, too. But my master says we need to learn to love ourselves. And, more importantly, we need to have the courage to live even without our parents' love.
"Now that the truth is out, and you have all your memories... My master has already broken the heavenly law and collected too much resentful energy. So, she asked me to bring you this."
Leo raised his hand and passed something to Vanessa. "This is a spirit talisman. If you take it, it will allow you to avenge yourself without attracting the underworld guards. It's your choice as long as you can release your resentment.
"My master said that a part of the world's resentment comes from injustice. Those who were hurt shouldn't have
to endure shame even after death. And those who profit from immoral or illegal means have no right to live in
comfort.
"If some people are unworthy of being parents, then so be it. It's up to you. However, my master promised she will never let those who have hurt you left unpunished."
As Vanessa heard his words, her bloody tears gradually turned into ordinary tears. No one knew that she had
suffered more than she ever had in life after her death. Betrayed by her own parents, she was treated as an outcast even among ghosts.
###chapter1668
Chapter 1668 Riding the Coattails of Fame
Not only did Steve and Astrid not mourn Vanessa, but they even used the money and fame they had gained through her death to start over in a new place.
Transformed into a malevolent ghost, Vanessa sought to enter Astrid's dreams. She was desperate to know why Astrid would do such a thing to her. However, she was trapped here, unable to leave.
Moreover, there was something in this place that was pulling her in, feeding her the resentment that lingered in the city. The longer she stayed, the more her spirit became bound to this place.
But things were different now.
Vanessa looked down at the spirit talisman in her hand, her fingers tightening around it. "I want to know if my mother ever regretted what she did."
Leo sighed softly and shook his head slightly.
Vanessa lifted her gaze. "I've made my choice."
Before vanishing into the twilight, her final message was for girls out there to love themselves more, to not carry burdens that didn't belong to them, and to not be blinded by the false promises of prosperity.
After the case's news update, Steve and Astrid made their appearance, crying and claiming they were threatened. They said that if they didn't speak as they did, their family would never be at peace. To further their claims, they even set up a live stream.
At first, many people sympathized with them. However, Astrid froze on the spot when someone asked, "Did you really abandon your daughter just because you were threatened?"
Just then, Vanessa's younger brother, Krishen Chadwick's, voice came from off-screen. "Sorry, guys. My mom's just too upset right now. We'll take a break for an hour, and then we'll resume the stream."
Then, he quickly shut off the live stream.
As soon as it ended, Astrid's personality completely changed. "What was that for? Look at how much attention we're getting right now!"
"Exactly, Krishen. I just checked-there are over five thousand viewers right now. If we play this right, we might even become internet celebrities!" Steven, clearly a heavy drinker, spoke with a drunken slur.
Krishen, who was still quite young, pouted. "I do want to be an influencer and gain some clout in school, but didn't you see that some people are raising questions?"
"Questions? Where?" Astrid asked, still looking for the comments.
"Here." Krishen pointed them out.
Astrid rolled her eyes. "Some people just love to mind other people's business. What do they mean, 'abandoning my daughter?' she's already dead. Do I really have to go against powerful people just for her?"
At that moment, no one noticed that the live stream, which was abruptly cut off earlier, had quietly been resumed. Astrid's face was back on screen, but her expression had completely changed.
"It's easy for them to say. Do you know how much money your sister's schooling cost us? She'd come up with some excuses every time I asked her to send the scholarship money back.
"I tried to get her to come home for matchmaking. I told her to marry a man with a good future while she was still young so that we could get some wedding gifts. But no, she had her own plans and wanted to stay in the city for work.
"And what's the result? What did she even learn? She went and followed people into clubs, completely
embarrassing me and your dad. She got taken advantage of, but has anyone thought about how we've been looked down on?
"They don't get to judge when it didn't happen to their family. You know what Vanessa did. She jumped off the building without any clothes on. Anyone with brains would know what had happened!
"She could've just endured it, but no! She was the one who chose to go to places like that and made such a scene."
At this point, Astrid's emotions were a mess. "These people just love to nitpick. What else was I supposed to do when I had a daughter like this?"
###chapter1669
Chapter 1669 Greed Knows No Bound
"Your dad drinks all the time, but your tuition fee still needs to be paid. We can't let her drag the whole family down," Astrid retorted.
As soon as she said that, more comments scrolled into view.
"What are you talking about? Were you actually hoping for your daughter to die?"
"Didn't you say you were threatened? It looks like it was all just a lie to get attention."
A single glance was all it took to recognize a mother's love. Even with Astrid's poignant speech, the truth remained unchanged.
Despite having suspicions about Vanessa's death, the Chadwicks did nothing to stand up for her after being silenced with money. Besides, their firm demand for her incineration remained on file.
In other words, the Chadwicks had never intended to seek the truth. Rather, they seemed more eager to profit from her death.
The people online poured out their condemnation and scathing criticism.
"Something is seriously wrong with this family. The news has reported that the girl was compelled against her will. How can the mother say something like that?"
"Don't you get it? She's ashamed that her daughter has been raped! This is so infuriating!"
"And that's not all. What the mother said was completely unbearable. What kind of mother tells her daughter to marry young for the wedding gifts?"
"Why do I feel like they're not really mourning their daughter but just trying to get clouted?"
A person's greed seemed to know no bounds. The Chadwicks could've stayed out of the case after taking the money, yet they were all rotten to the core.
At that moment, Krishen noticed the phone camera lighting up. He whipped around, and his face instantly turned grim. He quickly covered Astrid's mouth to silence her and attempted to shut down the phone, but it was all too late.
The whole internet had witnessed their true colors. Krishen had remained off-screen until that moment, when the public saw him and his parents for who they really were. The comments flooded in, almost as if shooting out of the screen and into the Chadwicks' view.
"Is it true that you kept the money to buy a house for your son? Do you feel it's right to use that money?"
"Your son mentioned about becoming an influencer. Well, congrats, you monsters!"
"Turn it off! Turn this thing off!" Astrid couldn't stand the condemnation. Steve quickly snatched the phone and hurled it to the floor. The entire family was left gasping.
With a flushed face, Krishen attempted to stand when the phone suddenly rang. He covered his ears in terror. "Well, I'd like to know how our affairs concern the public!" Astrid growled with vicious eyes.
She doubted the public could do anything from behind their screens and picked up the phone. However, she instantly froze in place as cold sweat beaded on her forehead.
"I-It's a call from Vanessa," she stammered.
Krishen trembled fearfully. "What are you talking about, Mom? That's not possible. Is it from the police? They're holding onto Vanessa's SIM card, aren't they?"
Hearing his words, Astrid slightly regained her composure. "You're right. They probably found some new leads in the case and called us for further questioning,"
With that, she answered the call. A voice they knew all too well seemed to rise from behind them. "It's been a
while, Mom and Krishen."
###chapter1670
Chapter 1670 Her Resentment
"Hello to you, too, my alcoholic dad," Vanessa continued.
Upon hearing the familiar voice, Steve staggered back as his eyes widened in horror. A sudden gust of wind swept through the room, knocking the plants off the windowsill.
Standing beside the window, Steve stammered fearfully, "D-Don't come near me! It's all your mom's idea, Vanny! You know I never have a say in this family. And Krishen... Krishen said we'd get clout from the live stream! I didn't do a thing!"
Vanessa's voice sounded muffled, as if she were underwater. "Indeed, you've done nothing. You're supposed to be the head of the family, but you're just a sore loser. Instead of working to provide for us, you wasted your time gambling and drinking. You don't deserve to be a father."
While Steve agreed to her words fearfully, Krishen was too terrified to move.
However, Astrid merely gave a cold snicker as she clutched the phone. "What? So, are you playing some ghostly game now? You refuse to rest in peace and want to drag the whole family down with you, huh? Well, think again! "I birthed and raised you. I have no intention to investigate your death, and I never planned to. So, what are you going to do? We're your biological parents. Even if you complain to the Grim Reaper, he won't care!"
At times, human malice could be far more malevolent than any spirits. But Astrid had a point-the struggle to break family bonds had been a challenge, even in ancient times.
Regardless of whether they were dead or alive, it took immense effort for one to gather the evidence needed to sue their own parents.
No matter the misdeeds or circumstances, severing ties with the parents was nearly impossible. Once an elder reached 65 years of age, the children were legally obligated to provide both financial and emotional support.
In truth, Astrid wasn't exactly ignorant. She understood the rules but poured all her sinister intentions into Vanessa, for her daughter was the only one she could control. In other words, Vanessa was the one person who truly loved her.
"How did I end up with a mother like you?" vanessa muttered. Her voice was laced with resentment.
Astrid snorted. "The gods made that choice. Who else is there to blame? If you're looking for someone to blame, just blame yourself for all the misfortunes. I never wanted a daughter like you, anyway."
The next instant, the ground seemed to split with a resounding crack.
"It's all because of you that I was unfortunate! You don't even deserve to be human! All of you deserve to die!" Vanessa finally materialized and grabbed Astrid's neck.
The spirit talisman whipped up a strong gust of wind, making the windows rattle. While the underworld guards didn't show up, Wynter did.
She had intended to return to the Whitman residence after wrapping up the case, but she sensed something was amiss while reviewing the details.
Most of the cases had clear motives, and those who had profited from the crimes ended up behind bars. After the legal process, even those who escaped the death penalty were sentenced to a lifetime in prison.
But Vanessa's situation was different-she was trapped near the nightclub after her death.
Initially, Wynter assumed that Vanessa lingered due to her resentment. However, she soon realized she had overlooked that someone might be taking advantage of Vanessa's resentment.
Wynter immediately turned the car around, heading to the residential building based on the live stream's coordinates. As dark clouds loomed overhead, she stormed straight into the house and hurled her lucky token on the floor.
Behind her, Whitley followed suit. As a mythical beast, Whitley could sense something stirring beneath the ground
in response to Vanessa's resentment. He swiftly reported his finding to Wynter.
###chapter1671
Chapter 1671 Living Can Be Far Worse Than Death
Wynter glanced at Whitley and instructed, "Something's not right. Go and stand over there. An auspicious being can suppress evil.'
Though Whitley was left speechless by her statement, he complied. True to Wynter's words, nearly half of the morbid energy had been repressed.
Upon noticing Wynter's arrival, Vanessa quickly released Astrid but felt a scorching pain tearing through her soul. The heavens didn't condone a child striking their mother, and now Vanessa was facing the consequences of her action.
Only one formation stood out as the deadliest-the Sacrificial Soul Formation. It appeared someone attempted to use Vanessa's soul to break open the ground and release the creatures within.
Wynter recalled a similar tactic was employed in the past to strengthen one's power. She chided herself for overlooking the possibility.
"I want her dead, Lady Wynter. I want her gone! Why was I born into such a family? Just why?" Vanessa murmured
Wynter stepped closer to observe Vanessa's condition, but her eyes widened in shock. Without hesitation, she grasped Vanessa's spiritual form. The black mist instantly seeped into her fingers-a manifestation of Vanessa's personal burdens.
Wynter turned to Vanessa and said, 'You don't have to take this on yourself. Sometimes, it's worse to be alive than dead. The greatest revenge isn't ending her life, but to let her live in a world she dreads most."
She then raised a hand and extinguished the flames on Vanessa. "Do you trust me?" she asked. Vanessa realized that Wynter had taken on her personal burden. With reddened eyes, she voiced her trust in Wynter. Of all the gods and mortals, Wynter was the only one who stood up for her.
"And who the hell are you? I'm telling you-stay out of our family matters! You have no right to interfere!' Astrid sneered. While others regarded the cultivators with fear, she remained unshaken.
She stood resolutely by her words. 'How dare that ungrateful girl strangle me? Even if I descend to the underworld, I'll still be justified!"
Hearing that, Wynter showed a smirk. "What makes you think I'm here to reason with you?"
She then took out her phone and dialed a number. "Has the couple involved in the nightclub case returned the stolen money yet?"
"They have moved from their previous address. We're just downstairs at their new location. For some reason, the sky went dark all of a sudden,' came the reply on the other end.
Wynter stated calmly, "Perfect. I'm at the scene right now. You can come upstairs."
"What stolen money? That belongs to us!" Krished took her words in stride.
Wynter glanced over and retorted, 'I almost forgot about you, since you've been so quiet earlier. Looking at your grades, it's obvious something's off about your admission to the top school.
"You shamelessly leech off your sister, and now you dream of becoming an influencer? Well, get ready to enjoy the public's scorn for the rest of your life."
Krishen's expression instantly turned sour.
Astrid placed a hand on her waist and pointed at Wynter. "Why do you keep sticking your nose in other people's affairs? Don't you have anyone else to care about? I'd like to see who dares take back the money I got for trading my own daughter!"
Vanessa stood at a side, surrounded by resentful energy. She would be far from calm if Wynter weren't next to her. Perhaps, it was Wynter's presence that kept her earlier aggression restrained. After all, she believed that Wynter would serve her justice.
###chapter1672
Chapter 1672 Built Different
Even Whitley found the situation bizarre.
Logically, a wraith that had transformed into a malevolent spirit would never regain its senses, especially with constant provocations only worsening its condition. Ultimately, it would become an earthbound spirit and affect its surrounding humans' fortune.
Throughout history, an earthbound spirit's emergence tended to disrupt an entire city's fortune. Whitley recalled that people would pray to him to rid their village of such spirits, claiming that they would do anything in return for peace to be restored.
But when Whitley intervened, he discovered it was the villagers' greed that had brought the earthbound spirit into being.
Mortals faced retribution either as divine punishments or constructed disasters in ancient times. And the more earthbound spirits there were, the weaker Gaia's protection over the people became.
While having bad luck at work wasn't a major concern, the city's fortune might be drained once the earthbound spirits established a connection. There had been historical cases where an entire village had vanished overnight because of that.
The rise of a wraithlord often marked a dynasty's fall. If Whitley's assumption was right, it appeared someone attempted to turn Vanessa into a wraithlord. She was nearly on the edge of that transformation, yet Wynter had managed to calm her.
Whitley performed a swift divination. Seeing Wynter resolve the looming chaos without the use of artifacts, she appeared more like a spectral cultivator instead of a legitimate one. However, the heavens surely wouldn't welcome such an individual.
But Wynter couldn't care less about the heavenly law. She stood before Vanessa as black mist coiled around her wrist. In response to Astrid's nonsensical retort, she merely glanced at the clock and muttered, 'It's time." As Astrid wondered what she meant, several individuals in uniforms appeared at the door. Holding a document in hand, they greeted Wynter before turning toward Astrid.
"Good day. We're from the City Bureau. In accordance with the law, we're here to seize the illegal funds you've received. Here is a document approved by the court. This house will also be confiscated," the leading law enforcer stated.
Astrid glared at him and retorted, "I agreed to the settlement fee of my own accord. What right do you have to seize it with nothing but that paper? If you're looking for illegal funds, tell that to the one who paid us!
"They murdered my daughter, and we have nothing to do with it. I'm not handing over a single cent, not even if God himself demands it!'
With that, she plopped down on a stool, looking completely unconcerned.
The law enforcer explained calmly, "If you refuse to cooperate, we have the right to arrest you and your family. You may be detained for lighter charges, or, in severe cases, be imprisoned.
"You'll also be added to the credit blacklist, which will freeze all your bank accounts and payment tools. Since your son is not of legal age, we'll notify the schools, and he'll be barred from admissions.'
Astrid remained unfazed and crossed her legs nonchalantly. She believed that the law enforcer was bluffing, but Krishen understood the gravity of the situation.
"We can't end up like that, Mom! I can't let my classmates find out I've been involved in a lawsuit. You know how it is at the top school, Mom. I'll be humiliated! Hurry and return the money!" Krishen urged.
Astrid stiffened at his words. It pained her more to lose her money than her life-she didn't want to give up her money at all!
###chapter1673
Chapter 1673 Condemned
But Krishen was her precious son, and everything Astrid did was to secure him a place at the top school Astrid momentarily hesitated before handing over her bank card.
Wynter took the bank card and smirked. "Though both are your children, you care more about your son."
Astrid retorted haughtily, "I've returned the money and admitted my faults. Either we call it even, or you arrest me right here. I never wanted a daughter, anyway.'
Wynter looked up, seemingly staring at an empty space. "That's what she said. Did you hear that?"
Although the law enforcers couldn't see Vanessa's soul, they were aware that the Special Unit handled investigations differently.
Vanessa's eyes glistened with newfound light. She had believed she could never sever her ties to Astrid, who had borne the pain of bringing her into this world. Since the day she was born, she had been indebted to Astrid.
But when Astrid personally declared it even, Vanessa was freed from the chains of being her daughter. That meant everything to a restless soul like Vanessa.
"We won't arrest you. You're better off staying outside. Wynter smiled and waved. The scent of the burning talisman wafted through the air.
Whitley witnessed Wynter release Carol and Dora. He knew that a life the twins trailed would soon burn out, especially with the fiery resentment in their eyes.
Wynter's prediction had come to pass. For someone like Astrid, the underworld or a prison cell wouldn't have fazed her. What truly shattered her was the stifling criticisms and the fact that her precious son could no longer attend his dream school.
Astrid thought things had settled after the law enforcers departed. However, Krishen instantly noticed a crowd gathering outside.
"They've tracked our address from the live stream!" he exclaimed.
Astrid had never faced anything like this before. Not only was the crowd outside railing against them, but her family also urged her to calm the public outrage in their group chat.
Her statement in the live stream had led the entire Cortney family to be condemned for their cruelty in selling Vanessa.
"It's all because of you that Allen's wedding has been called off!" Astrid's brother, Mack Cortney, chided. "You can't just blame it on me, Mack." Astrid pouted.
Mack warned, 'Don't you dare tell anyone I'm your brother. You've always been a halfwit. How could you let it slip that you sold your daughter? You moron!"
The call ended with a sharp click.
Astrid had planned to hide away from the trouble at her mother's house, but it wasn't feasible. Before the Chadwicks could resolve the issue, they received a call from the top school.
Krishen answered the call, and his face turned pale. "We've returned the money, so why can't I go to school? Sir, L.'
The voice on the other end cut him off. "We value a student's character more than grades. I'm sorry to say that you're not qualified for admission, Mr. Chadwick.
In the first place, Krishen hadn't followed the proper procedures for transferring schools. Now that the school had learned of his circumstances, they certainly refused to approve his admission
Astrid, who initially dismissed Wynter's warning, now became flustered upon understanding the gravity of the situation. She grabbed the phone and attempted to explain.
"Please hear me out, sir. My son isn't dumb. He's perfectly capable of keeping up with the lessons. Please don't trust the rumors online. What kind of family would sell their daughter?"
"They're all rumors, you say? I was watching the live stream too, madam," the caller, the school's personnel, refuted sharply.
###chapter1674
Chapter 1674 Reaping What They Sow
The school personnel continued, "Your son's admission will not be accepted. He's probably not better off having a mother like you, either. And the truth is, he's been capitalizing on his dead sister. All you care about is getting clout. Honestly speaking, no school will accept your son.'
Indeed, no school was willing to take Krishen in. While he had realized his dream of becoming an influencer, he was too terrified to leave the house. His phone was flooded with hateful messages, and his classmates no longer acknowledged him.
Frustrated, he took his anger out on Astrid. 'I can't even go to school now, all thanks to you! Are you happy now?"
Astrid was stunned, never expecting Krishen to lay the blame on her.
The drunken Steve grew irritated as well. "You could've just apologized, yet you were so stubborn! How do we get out of here now?"
"Why can't we? I'll go out for groceries now! Let's see who dares to stop me!" Astrid shot back, lifting her head defiantly.
Krishen was completely exasperated. "We can only stay here for three days at most. I don't want to go back to the county!"
Astrid assured him. "We won't be going back. I'll think of something."
Hearing that, Krishen finally began to calm down. Tired of being cooped up at home, he decided to accompany Astrid for groceries.
Astrid had assumed it was a minor situation, yet they were instantly surrounded as soon as they stepped outside.
In a moment of panic, Krishen pushed Astrid to the front and shouted, "It was all my mom's idea! She was the one who accepted the money! She always said that Vanessa was useless and that she was better off dead! It's all my mom's fault!"
Astrid was utterly dumbfounded. She could even feel the crowd's venomous words splattering across her face. "Do you think you're worthy of being a mother?" someone inquired.
"How does it feel to sell your daughter for money?" another chimed in.
Sometimes, the only way to handle someone's evil was to be more wicked than they were.
Astrid froze in place after being shoved by Krishen. Her hair was disheveled, and her face was smeared with eggs.
Desperate to escape from the mistreatment, she frantically ran back to the house. However, Krishen and Steve turned a blind eye and slammed the door in her face. No matter how much Astrid banged on the door, it refused to budge.
Beyond the crowd, Wynter stood silhouetted by the dusk light. Behind her, Vanessa lingered in her spiritual form.
Wynter slowly shared, "Isn't it a sight to behold? This is merely the beginning of your family's misfortune. I'm rather talented at reading someone's fortune from their appearance. Let me share a few predictions.
"After Krishen gets married, he'll start neglecting his mother. Astrid will live her days in the village's stone house, with her body paralyzed.
"She might get some food if the daughter-in-law feels like it, or else, she'll only receive a beating. This is the price she'll pay for selling her own daughter.'
Looking at Vanessa, Wynter continued, "The same goes for Krishen and Steve-they won't find peace for the rest of their lives."
As tears clouded Vanessa's gaze, Wynter took out a bank card. Though it was typically resistant to flames, it
was quickly reduced to ashes by the hellfire drawn from the talisman.
"The money they got from selling you has been returned. You're free now," Wynter declared.
As soon as she said that, Vanessa was bathed in a radiant glow.
###chapter1675
Chapter 1675 My Master
Vanessa knew that the laws of the heavens couldn't be defied.
If it hadn't been for Wynter, Astrid and Steve would've moved into the house at the city center with the money from selling her-a place she could've never afforded while alive. Krishen would've been accepted into a top school, rising to success and praised for his brilliance.
Considering Astrid's overbearing character, she would surely oppress her daughter-in-law while doting on her grandsons.
As for Vanessa, she would've been remembered as nothing more than a shameless, greedy girl who sold her body. The Chadwicks were too embarrassed to give her a proper burial, leading her soul to linger around the hotel.
Vanessa could foresee her family thriving off her death, but the future had changed with Wynter's interference. Yet, that intervention came at a cost Wynter had to bear.
As a malevolent spirit, Vanessa could sense the personal burdens weighing on Wynter. She realized that Wynter had borne the price for changing her fate. Tears welled up in her eyes, and her demeanor softened. Understanding her feelings, Wynter ruffled her hair and said, "The underworld guards will be here soon. You've been a kind soul. You'll definitely live well in your next life."
Vanessa recognized the sacrifices Wynter had made to ensure her peaceful departure. She knew better than anyone the dangers of letting such personal burdens fester.
At that moment, the surrounding noises suddenly faded. Vanessa realized that the underworld guards had arrived.
Instead of ascending to the afterlife, she turned to Wynter and smiled. 'I'd like to acknowledge you as my master. I know you possess a Soul Commanding Badge that has yet to awaken, and I'm the perfect soul for it." With that, Vanessa took a leap and merged with the Soul Commanding Badge. The badge began to quiver under the stir of the wraithlord's soul.
The sky darkened to a bloody red, and Wynter felt the personal burdens weighing on her grow heavier. But instead of sinking into her body, they flowed into the Soul Commanding Badge.
As Whitley watched the scene, he fell into deep thoughts.
"Wake up, my child. It's time to rise. You lazy bum, your peers will be leaving the mountains soon,' a gentle and familiar voice called.
It echoed as the Soul Commanding Badge stirred, yet Wynter couldn't place who it was.
"I've told you countless times to meditate with a clear mind, but you're always caught up in your thoughts," the voice continued
Wynter attempted to hold onto the voice, but other voices began to overlap.
"Come on, kid. I caught a wyrm for you. You'll love it."
"She's not interested in those. She only has eyes for handsome men."
The third voice interjected, "Shut up, you two! I'm trying to read her fortune."
"What for? Our mentor has affirmed that she'll elevate her swordsmanship to the divine realm and ascend to the highest level of the Arcane Way!"
"But what about the repression from the heavenly laws?" a ghostly voice asked worriedly.
"Who cares about the heavenly laws? She's got us!"
The young man's cheerful voice felt oddly familiar, though it was fleeting. A heavy sigh was then heard, as if something had happened.
"Remember, my child. The heavenly laws repress," he said.
But she didn't care about the repression from the heavenly laws. She sought definitive clarity, with no shades of gray.
###chapter1676
Chapter 1676 Wynter's Past
As solemn chants echoed in the surrounding air, Wynter seemed to have recovered a more detailed memory. She held onto her forehead as the chants in her mind demanded that she abided by the heavenly laws.
Her lips curled into a smirk, and her eyes reddened. "Why should I abide by the heavenly laws? Am I supposed to seek my death just because they told me to? Well, I refuse!"
Though no one else seemed to hear Wynter, Whitley, who stood nearby, couldn't hide the shock on his face. Wynter continued, 'You said she should appreciate her parents for giving her life. And no matter how wretched they may be, they can still dictate her future.
"They've leeched off her and capitalized on her death, yet they get to live in comfort with boundless wealth and flourishing descendants. If this is the heavens' will, then the gods should really open their damn eyes!" The chants faltered at her words, as though a heavy sigh had been released. The Soul Commanding Badge shimmered in a soft, red glow. It had only recovered a third of its original power after Vanessa had acknowledged Wynter as her master.
In truth, legend claimed that the badge retained a sword spirit's energy, who had sacrificed their mortal body for the sake of humanity. Only the spirit's master could bend the Soul Commanding Badge to their will.
Being a mythical beast, Whitley had lost fragments of the past. But before his slumber, he recalled one figure who had sacrificed their mortality to save countless lives during the apocalypse.
Dark clouds loomed ominously above the neighborhood, as if the heavens had unleashed its wrath. Whitley silently moved closer to Wynter, preparing to face the judgment with her.
The crow soared past from afar, as his black feathers fluttered to the ground. He intended to warn Dalton before the sword spirit was reconstructed.
Before the crow could land, he saw Dalton gaze up at the sky from within the building. In an instant, the cloudy sky cleared up.
The crow rolled his eyes, appearing as if something was caught in his throat. When he finally landed, Dalton inquired in a calm voice, 'Have you found them?"
"I can feel your energy there, but the votary never appeared," the crow replied.
Dalton had once possessed many powerful items, some of which belonged to Mt. Dragon. Each item could unleash chaos on the world if it fell into the wrong hands.
During his search, the crow had located three of them. He had dealt with the culprits and handed the manipulated souls over to the underworld guards. However, he failed to find out about Vanessa.
The crow never expected a plain young woman to nearly turn into a wraithlord. If Vanessa had really become one, the scheming cultivator would've wielded an immense surge of power. By then, the entire city's fortune would surely decline.
In that aspect, the crow admitted that he fell short compared to Wynter. After all, she had always been sharp and perspective when it came to such affairs. That said, the fact remained that she had defied the heavenly laws.
Recalling that Wynter had cursed at the heavens, the crow sneaked a glance at Dalton. Sensing his gaze, Dalton cast his eyes downwards and asked, 'Is there something you want to say?"
"Oh, no. Not at all. Since it has come to this, should I grant that girl some merits?" the crow asked tentatively.
Dalton responded with silence. Despite his attractive side profile, he remained aloof and distant as ever. Yet, the crow knew that Dalton had given his consent.
There was an old belief about borrowing fortune to change one's destiny. Vanessa once had her fortune stolen by her family, yet now her soul had merged with the Soul Commanding Badge, which helped obliterate half of Wynter's personal burdens.
It was rare for a wraithlord to repay a kindness. No wonder Wynter could elevate her swordsmanship to the divine realm with a mortal body in the past.
###chapter1677
Chapter 1677 His Plan Was Disrupted
Whitley wasn't the only one who had sensed the change in the surrounding energy. Wynter felt it too, though she couldn't care less about the heavens. She was more concerned about Vanessa, who had merged with the Soul Commanding Badge.
"You can't be reborn once you've merged with the badge," Wynter stated.
Vanessa chuckled softly in response."Then so be it. I'm sure you've recalled certain memories, Master, but that's as far as my power extends.
"Besides, I've thought it through. Rather than be reborn as a human, I'd much prefer to follow you and stand against the injustices in this world."
With that, Vanessa manifested before Wynter. Bearing the marks of merits, she was no longer an ordinary soul. Considering her horoscope even rivaled that of Eliana's, it appeared that she hadn't visited the nightclub by chance.
Looking at the golden-rimmed Soul Commanding Badge, Wynter lifted her gaze and clutched her hand. "Then, I'll do as you wish."
Instead of letting Vanessa endure the torment of the personal burdens alone, Wynter drew the pain into herself.
Vanessa was stunned, and her eyes brimmed with tears as golden rays enveloped her. After acknowledging Wynter as her master, she had glimpsed into Wynter's past and hoped to share her burdens. However, Wynter adamantly refused and bestowed some fortune upon her instead.
A wraithlord never wept, but when they did, their tears could quell any calamities.
The moment Vanessa shed tears, an elderly man-one deeply revered by many-felt a violent thump in his chest. Blood then trickled from his lips.
"What happened? Stop the car right now!" Astor shouted at the driver.
With a solemn gaze, the old man clutched his chest and raised a hand. "There's no need for that. It's just that my illness relapsed. We mustn't be late for the upcoming conference."
Astor was deeply concerned about the old man's condition. He couldn't understand why the old man became so frail after his trip to Hawford.
He assumed that the old man's health was improving upon seeing him constantly move about. Yet, the old man started coughing up blood again.
The old man interjected, "We can't afford any delays in Colifernia. I understand my body better than anyone else. Don't let a word about this get out."
Sensing the resilience in the old man's tone, Astor glanced at the driver, who had remained focused on the road ahead. He then whispered to the old man. 'Promise me you'll get a check-up after the meeting in Colifernia.'
The old man nodded with a kind expression, yet there was an unsettling grimness lingering in his gaze-an incongruity that would go unnoticed by many. Astor assumed that the old man was simply resting, little did he know that the latter was eager to leave Hawford.
The old man had sensed a force fighting against him, considering that a normal cultivator wouldn't have dispelled the Wraithlord Transformation Formation.
He had carefully schemed to drain Hawford's fortune amidst the chaos, yet the incompetent Fopylans failed to divert attention as he had hoped.
With that thought, the old man closed his eyes and concealed his presence from his adversaries.
But he wasn't the only one fleeing Hawford. A few teachers from various schools were desperately seeking to escape the city as well.
The teachers suddenly found themselves under investigation. It was a situation that had never occurred before. To bring them to account, the Ministry of Education itself would also be called into question-the last department anyone expected to be inspected.
After all, many hidden connections could be exposed upon an investigation. Thus, some directors hesitated when Lucas suggested a thorough inspection.
"I don't mind conducting a large-scale search, but I'm worried it might affect the students' academic progress, "one stated.
"I agree that the cafeteria has a serious issue, but with final exams approaching, I'm sure the teachers are already feeling anxious. It wouldn't be a good idea, right?" another echoed
###chapter1678
Chapter 1678 Smaller Issues Will Lead to Bigger Problems
It appeared they attempted to sway Lucas' resolve. While they had no ions to other affairs, matters related to education were often far more complex. They might not even realize they had given people a free pass.
"They're right, Mr. Keller. This is an exceptional case. If we were to look into the whole province, it would not only distress the students and parents but also undermine the teachers' genuine dedication," a director added.
It didn't take much to see why educational issues were hard to tackle, from the ongoing school bullying to the spread of harmful teaching materials. Someone always had to interfere before a proper investigation could even begin, whether it was the teacher or the educator.
But that official was right about one thing-it could become overwhelming if the investigation went too deep. After all, most teachers genuinely cared about their students. If the situation became more complicated, it could easily backfire.
That was the reason most education-related cases were swept under the rug. Each incident had its primary and secondary causes at play, and it was crucial to address special cases carefully to avoid making the wrong decision.
While the general public might not grasp the situation, Juan knew that the directors weren't without their own agendas. They intended to make things difficult for Lucas.
If Lucas pursued a thorough investigation, he would risk facing censure from the teachers. But if he didn't, the traitors would remain hidden in the shadows.
Juan anxiously clutched the documents in his hands. Meanwhile, two directors were casually blowing on their hot coffee.
"Here's some advice, Mr. Keller. You can't push the investigation too far. Dominic and I have decided to take our time with the inspection once the commotion settled down. It works like magic,' one of the directors said. "He's right. We can't rush things. Let's settle the cafeteria issue and respond to the concerned public. As for the rest, they'll probably forget about it in a few days," the other chimed in.
Lucas glared at them, his eyes burning with fury. 'They'll forget, you say? How dare you!"
The Kellers seemed to exude an inherent air of intimidation.
When Lucas spoke, several directors were left silenced by his commanding presence. Two of them were so overcome by fear that cold sweats beaded on their foreheads. The three directors who offered their advice now sat in silence, no longer sipping their coffee.
Whenever a similar event happened, it always ended with the public completely forgetting about it. That was the directors' typical approach in the Ministry of Education.
Despite their fear, they had no intention to look into the case. After all, such investigations weren't always easy. It would be utterly embarrassing if the problem lay within the Ministry of Education itself.
Though the directors hadn't committed any outright wrongdoing, their attitude inevitably led to bigger issues. Even the smallest problem, when piled up, could eventually destroy both the people and the country. Lucas narrowed his eyes, recalling Jackson's advice upon his first arrival in Hawford. He hadn't risen to his position to advance further, but certain things must be done, and he was ready to take full responsibility for them.
Just as he was about to stand and call for a thorough investigation, the meeting room's door swung open. "Please wait, Mr. Keller." It was Wynter, who had rushed over from the neighborhood. Black mist shrouded her, though it remained invisible to the others presented.
The black mist was, in fact, a manifestation of personal burdens that had seeped from the partial awakening Soul Commanding Badge. Although Wynter got caught up in Vanessa's affairs, she managed to show up on time.
"It's not that hard to find the problematic teachers," Wynter stated.
###chapter1679
Chapter 1679 Jackson's Mysterious Disciple
Hearing Wynter's words, Lucas wasn't the first to react but rather the two directors across the room.
"What's going on? How did you get in here?"
Of course, they recognized Wynter. After all, she had been making waves in Hawford lately. First, she acquired a plot of land with incalculable value, then made tens of billions in the stock market.
Although she was said to be assisting with investigations-allegedly infiltrating certain circles-they still regarded her as an outsider to their system or a businessperson at best.
And now, they were in the middle of discussing matters related to the entire education system. They couldn't believe her audacity to barge in like this.
"Security! Where's the security?'
"How can anyone just walk in here like this? Does she even belong here?"
Just as the two directors stood up and shouted, Lucas spoke with a gentle smile. "Wynter, you've already figured out a solution, haven't you?"
At that moment, everyone suddenly recalled a long-standing rumor-one that no one had ever taken seriously. It was said that Lucas might be the renowned Jackson Munn's disciple. Additionally, in recent years, Jackson had supposedly taken on a new student, rumored to be groomed directly for the military.
But no one had ever seen this so-called disciple. Jackson, a figure of immense contribution to the nation, commanded unparalleled respect in the military. Yet, no one could have imagined that Wynter could possibly be his rumored disciple.
They couldn't believe that Jackson's disciple was a young woman. Who would have thought?
Expressions of shock and disbelief were plastered across everyone's faces. Some even started to show signs of unease.
Jackson... How could they have forgotten? If Lucas was backed by Jackson, then...
"This... This really is... Mr. Keller, this Ms. Quinnell-is she, by any chance, connected to Mr. Munn Senior?" One of them finally summoned the courage to test the waters.
Lucas didn't deny it. 'Mr. Munn Senior has always been quite fond of Wynter. You've heard about her too, haven't you? Then, there's no need for an introduction. In Mr. Munn Senior's eyes, Wynter's capabilities are beyond question-sometimes even surpassing mine."
Upon hearing this, the expressions of the individuals varied.
,
"W-We've only heard about it but never met her. Mis. Quinnell, we didn't mean anything by what we said earlier.'
"Exactly! Education is indeed a serious matter, and it's not suitable for too many people to get involved. But since you're Mr. Munn Senior's disciple, that's a different story. We trust Mr. Munn Senior's judgment, don't we?"
"Of course! Feel free to share with us if you have any suggestions. After all, you're the one who uncovered this case in the first place."
Wynter's gaze darkened as she observed their sudden change in attitude. 'Before I provide any suggestions, I have a few questions for all of you.
"First, why are some students allowed to transfer schools without taking entrance exams? Second, why have certain teachers been employed without any background checks? Third, why were reports about issues in the school cafeteria ignored?
"Finally-and most importantly-why were there numerous cases of parents reporting that they lost contact with their children after they went abroad? Parents even protested at the school, but no results were ever disclosed
"Who among you is going to answer these questions?"
The atmosphere in the room shifted instantly. Those who were pushing for Lucas to take action and make decisions moments ago were now completely silent. Large beads of sweat began to form on some of them. Wynter lifted her gaze and scanned through the room. 'Mr. Standford, I'm waiting for your answer.
###chapter1680

Chapter 1680 Going All Out
Dominic Standford, who had been rambling earlier about how all the measures were for the students' benefit and to support the teachers, now seemed paralyzed.
Not only did he fail to utter a single word, but beads of sweat were also starting to form on his forehead under Lucas' intense gaze.
He had completely lost the urge to drink the tea he had been sipping so leisurely earlier. In fact, even wiping the sweat from his brows seemed like an act he didn't dare to attempt.
Wynter raised an eyebrow. "Do you have nothing to say, Mr. Standford? Then, Mr. Hollis should be able to speak on his behalf."
The deputy director, Olivian Hollis, was noticeably calmer. "Indeed, the schools have various problems, and we've been investigating these issues for some time.
"This includes assessing whether certain individuals are suitable for leadership positions in schools. We've tried to make the best choices possible.
"As for the cases of students going missing abroad, those involve far-reaching matters. All these students left through legal channels, and their entry and exit records are documented.
"If a child decides not to return because they find life abroad better, forcing them to come back isn't something we can do. Also, such cases don't strictly fall under our jurisdiction. As for the cafeteria issues, we've addressed them repeatedly."
He turned his gaze to the opposite side of the room, looking at Kaeya Langston, another director. "Mr. Langston can attest to this. We emphasize this issue every time we have meetings with school representatives.
"We've practically hammered it into them. The students' food safety is paramount and non- negotiable. Even if the cafeteria is outsourced, the school must appoint specific personnel to oversee inspections.
"But despite our instructions, the implementation at the lower levels often doesn't reflect our directives."
Kaeya nodded in agreement. "What Mr. Hollis said is accurate. It's not that we haven't taken action—it's just that there are often many challenges when it comes to executing our directives."
When it came to responsibility, it had always been a cycle of shifting blame, with each party deflecting it onto the other. When something went wrong, no one wanted to take the blame. Everything was conveniently attributed to the lower levels.
Their words were just like what the report said, "The issue was caused by the school's lack of oversight, allowing the cafeteria to be outsourced to a disreputable vendor, leading to the current food safety problems."
"You've said so much, but let me sum it up in one sentence." Wynter mimicked his tone. The school's problems have nothing to do with us. It's all their decisions. Any incidents that happen are on the outsourcing. As for us? We're diligent and incorruptible."
Hearing this, Olivian's face flushed red, then turned pale. Though frustrated, he restrained his anger, mindful of Wynter's status.
He could only force a smile. "That's not what I meant. We'll take it if it's our responsibility. It's just that these issues are complex and not so easily resolved. The priority isn't about assigning blame right now but addressing the problem effectively."
"It's good to know you're willing to take responsibility, Mr. Hollis." Wynter finally placed a photo on the table. "Here's a record of the credentials for Mindcrest High School. You signed off on them yourself.
"While the principal may not have had direct contact with you, the now-detained Mr. Nord did, didn't he?"
At this, Olivian's face paled instantly.
Wynter continued calmly, "Of course, Mr. Nord was just the person on the surface. Behind the scenes, the one you were really dealing with was Fredric, wasn't it?"
At Wynter's words, Kaeya raised his head, his expression clearly one of shock. It seemed he truly didn't know about this. "Mr. Hollis, what did you discuss with Mr. Monty?"
After all, the credentials for this area had been under his jurisdiction.
"Just some usual work negotiations..." Olivian's gaze darted everywhere.
Wynter chuckled dryly. "You're truly persistent, Mr. Hollis. You won't give up until the very end, will you? It makes sense though-after all, this project was under your authority from the start. I suppose it could be called 'work negotiations,' indeed."
###chapter1681

Chapter 1681 Having Trouble Answering
Olivian could no longer sit still after hearing Wynter's words.
"I... I really haven't done anything wrong," he stammered before taking a deep breath. "You can check all my accounts. I haven't received any bribes."
"Indeed, there were no bribes," Wynter said before turning to clap her hands.
The person who walked in was someone who had not appeared in a long time-Wolf. He was holding a scroll taller than himself, his expression fierce.
At the sight of the scroll, Olivian's tea cup toppled, spilling scalding water everywhere.
The loud noise drew the attention of everyone at the conference table. They were all seasoned in the ways of the bureaucracy and instantly understood what was happening.
Wynter leaned forward, sliding the entire scroll toward him. "Mr. Hollis, take a good look. Does this priceless painting look familiar to you?"
"I... I..." Olivian opened his mouth but couldn't form a coherent sentence. "This is just a hobby of mine."
Wynter smiled slyly. "Mr. Hollis' hobby is indeed expensive. I've seen many people fall from grace-some because of a love for expensive wine, others because of lust. And then there are people like you, who have a passion for collecting calligraphy and paintings.
"This particular one was once lost overseas. If I recall correctly, it went to Foplya, and now it's in your possession. How did it come to you? Maybe you should explain that to us."
Olivian's whole body went cold. "Did you say it was last seen in Foplya?"
The mention of Foplya made him realize he was done for.
"I always thought it was collected by some unknown person in Cascadia. I really didn't know it went to Foplya," he said quickly, his face turning pale. He was terrified, afraid that one slip would make him a traitor.
Wynter didn't think he was lying. Lowering her gaze, she asked, "So, how exactly did you come by this painting?"
She wanted to get to the bottom of it because anything discovered by Wolf was never something trivial.
The painting in question was undoubtedly a famous piece, with a long history that could even be traced back to the Atlantean. However, its implications were far from positive- especially since traces of a curse lingered on it.
Given that Olivian was part of the education system, keeping such a painting in his
possession could only bring chaos and negativity.
Furthermore, whoever gifted this painting was no ordinary individual. It was definitely not
Fredric, as he lacked the knowledge to understand its significance.
Olivian hesitated, visibly uneasy.
The moment Wynter stopped smiling, her presence became almost suffocating. "If you don't explain clearly today, everyone associated with your faction will be implicated.
"Since this concerns treason, if we can't pinpoint the responsible party, we'll follow your earlier suggestion. We'll arrest everyone and conduct thorough investigations one by one." This declaration made everyone in the room uncomfortable. They were used to dealing with Lucas through bureaucratic tactics, which could occasionally achieve results.
However, Wynter's approach was brutal, direct, and utterly unforgiving. It wasn't the usual way things were handled within the system-it was downright ruthless!
"Ms. Quinnell... even if you're Mr. Munn Senior's disciple, isn't this a bit excessive?" Someone spoke up.
Wynter turned her gaze toward the speaker. "Have you played the Mafia game?"
Carlos Bach, clearly older and unfamiliar with the game, paused awkwardly. His expression clearly showed he had no idea what that was.
"This game has a very interesting aspect. Some people aren't very clever. They talk too much and end up exposing themselves," Wynter said calmly.
Her eyes darkened slightly as continued, "The way you're jumping in right now- are you trying to divert my attention from Mr. Hollis? Such a devious thought... Are you hoping I'll mark the wrong 'mafia?""
###chapter1682

Chapter 1682 Revealing Her Identity
Despite being unfamiliar with the Mafia game, Carlos could fully grasp the implications - Wynter was turning her suspicion onto him.
His anxiety was evident. After all, most of the personnel arrangements at the lowest levels were handled by him. Olivian would at most sign off on them and wouldn't bother with such minor, detailed matters.
Wynter observed him with a growing smile. "Whether I'm Mr. Munn Senior's disciple or not doesn't affect how I choose to handle things."
As she spoke, she tilted her head slightly toward Lucas. "Although Lucas might have already guessed my true identity, I believe it's time for a formal introduction. I am the Special Unit's 001."
The mere mention of the Special Unit was enough to leave everyone in the room stunned for a while.
They had heard rumors that the recent massive shakeup in the province was due to the Special Unit's intervention. Word was, it involved some kind of enemy espionage.
And now, with the code name "001" being revealed, the room was filled with disbelief. This wasn't an ordinary meeting, and those present were no small-time officials. Naturally, they knew about "001".
But all along, they thought this person didn't actually exist. They didn't believe there would be someone with no record in the archives.
The most critical point was that they had only learned about this codename during major high-level meetings, when being briefed on specific operations.
001 had saved countless lives. But none of them had ever imagined that this person was a young woman! They found it utterly unbelievable!
At this point, Olivian's legs were barely supporting his weight.
When people turned to look at Lucas, they noticed the sparkle in his eyes. It was only then they realized that even Lucas himself might not have known Wynter's true identity.
They couldn't understand why she didn't just reveal her identity on her first day in Hawford. She didn't even say a word when she was framed and taken away!
A collective chill ran down everyone's spines when they realized Wynter must have done so to capture all of them in one sweep.
From the very start, since she had arrived in Hawford, they hadn't taken her seriously.
Maybe certain business-related departments might have paid attention to her, but that was hardly the case in the field of education. Their department only listened to the higher-ups. Anyone else wouldn't have a say in their domain.
A mere businessperson, no matter how much money she made, wouldn't have been worth their time. Of course, they might have spared her a glance if she was donating funds to schools or the education sector.
But today, not only did they realize she was Jackson's disciple, but she also turned out to be the Special Unit's 001!
They still found it hard to come to terms that 001 actually existed. It wasn't just a codename, nor was she dead!
Carlos, who was sitting beside Olivian, gasped, his face drenched in sweat as he slumped back in his chair. He grabbed Lucas' arm in a panic.
"Mr. Keller, I was wrong-I shouldn't have bypassed proper checks to help appoint people to positions with just a word. But I swear that I didn't know this would lead to problems!
"They were all graduates from top universities! It was just a small favor, nothing out of the ordinary. Usually, nothing goes wrong!
"Look at Mr. Standford's wife-she barely knows anything but teaches at a university, and now she's a full professor! My arrangement was just a simple work placement!"
He truly felt wronged and ended up saying more than he should have.
However, some of what he said was indeed quite common. For some people, getting the job they worked hard for might just be a matter of a single recommendation from someone. Only those in the system knew how deep the corruption ran.
In Carlos' eyes, things like getting a professor's title or monopolizing students' academic research weren't a big deal. He was just arranging a job, so what could possibly go wrong? He honestly believed he was being wronged.
Wynter's gaze grew even darker after hearing this. "It seems that you are all beyond saving."
###chapter1683

Chapter 1683 No One Can Get Away
Using their power to arbitrarily assign jobs-this behavior had become ingrained within the educational institutions. Carlos' attitude exposed all the underlying issues in an instant.
Wynter's voice was slow but filled with a chilling tone. "From the cafeteria to the scholarship committee incident, you've never once reflected on your actions.
"You claim that students who went abroad didn't want to come back and that you have no authority to intervene. But let's focus on what you can control-personnel arrangements and the level of supervision.
"An uneducated wife can become a professor. A morally questionable student who thinks she's above everyone else can become a teacher. Isn't that what Mr. Bach was implying, Mr. Hollis?"
At that moment, everyone in the room had only one reaction. They were trembling as they wiped the sweat off their faces.
None of them dared to provoke Wynter. Her authority as 001 had gone beyond their ability to make excuses.
"I know that these accusations may seem like nothing to you. You've never once considered that a single decision made on a whim could destroy someone else's life.
"How many good teachers, who deserved to be in their positions, were pushed aside? How many young people with dreams want to study abroad?
"Some of them left, hoping to reshape their lives and one day take care of their parents. Others dreamed of returning home after their education, to repay their school and serve their country.
"They may have been chosen because of other factors, but all of you know for a fact they had good grades."
Wynter looked down at the Soul Commanding Badge hidden at her waist. "These people who worked hard and deserved the opportunities you stole from them... Since they were nothing to you, I will make all of you feel something."
Wynter was indeed different than usual, the tip of her eyes turning red due to the Soul Commanding Badge.
"Mr. Hollis, if you can't explain how that painting came into your possession, then I will treat you as Cascadia's enemy and deal with you accordingly," Wynter said coldly.
Whether it was Dominic or Carlos, both of them didn't dare utter more nonsense.
"Mr. Hollis, can't you just explain already? How did the painting come into your hands?" one of them asked urgently. Everyone was anxiously waiting for his explanation.
Olivian gritted his teeth. "I got it from a friend in Colifernia, who asked me to sign some
documents regarding school qualifications. I truly didn't know that the painting had previously appeared in Foplya. If I had known, I would never have accepted it!"
"So, the qualifications for those schools were given with your endorsement." Wynter quickly got straight to the point. "Write down those schools' names. As for the teachers at Mindcrest High School, the problems may not only lie with those you arranged."
Olivian was skilled at blurring the lines and leaving things unsaid.
"Besides the ones you arranged, which other schools have had teachers suddenly resigning without explanation?
"Get the school to release the information. If they refuse, I'm sure you know how to handle it better than I do. After all, you people are the experts in managing schools, aren't you?" Wynter said sarcastically.
Carlos and Dominic suddenly became tense. "We'll call them immediately!"
This direct approach was the most efficient way to get answers. If they waited for the resignation process to be completed, the people responsible would already be long gone by the time they acted.
Lucas watched Wynter's actions, and memories from their time in Riverburg came rushing back. It was just as Jackson had said-some of her talents were even beyond his own.
But Wynter didn't seem to be focused on that. She walked over to Olivian, her voice steady and sharp. "Tell me more about your friend from Colifernia."
Colifernia...
A sudden, terrible premonition struck Wynter. The team she had sent to investigate the plague had gone to Halsbury and Colifernia.
###chapter1684

Chapter 1684 The Mystery Surrounding the Case
Olivian didn't dare utter unnecessary words any longer. However, as he tried to recall even the smallest detail about his mysterious friend, his mind was blank. He only remembered there was someone like that, but he found it impossible to recall this friend of his.
"He... I remember he had this really old, frail voice... And... And..." He found himself unable to remember any other details about him. Olivian was starting to get anxious. "Why can't I remember how he looks? We've met a few times!"
The people around him exchanged incredulous glances. Everyone was on edge, and they were all questioning how such a story could even be believable.
"Mr. Hollis, at this point, there's no need to hide anything. Please, just tell us the truth. We're begging you."
The directors were all pale. They thought that the worst possible outcome would affect only them. However, if they were to be treated as Cascadia's enemies and sentenced-it would be an irreversible ruin for their families as well. Treason wasn't just any crime!
Olivian's hands trembled as he removed his glasses. He clenched his fists and put them on his head as he exclaimed in distress, "I'm not hiding anything... I really don't remember! Do you think I don't want to get out of this situation? It's so strange..."
He suddenly stood up. "My secretary! My secretary has seen him, too! Mitchel! Mitchel, come in!"
"M-Mr. Hollis, I'm here." Mitchel Ruiz rushed in.
Olivian grabbed onto this small shred of hope, his voice urgent. "Mitchel, do you remember the man who invited us for dinner? The crab feast! What did he look like?"
"I remember. He's..." Mitchel suddenly froze, and his tone became unsure. "He's a guy... and he's quite old. I remember his voice, but..."
There was no follow-up to the testimony. Logically, such a scenario was impossible to believe. Whether it was Olivian or Mitchel, it was impossible for them to not remember the person's appearance at all.
The person could try to hide, like wearing glasses or a hat every time they met, which might influence their visual judgment. But if that were the case, they would have naturally mentioned how the person appeared each time they met, explaining why they couldn't fully see their face.
Since they didn't mention this situation, and given that they both came from the education system, they should know exactly how to describe someone they interacted with regularly. Their behavior was just too strange.
While ordinary people would have difficulty understanding this, Wynter, however, had picked up on something. Her gaze deepened as she murmured, "It seems we've encountered
a professional."
"Huh?" No one present quite understood what she meant.
Wynter didn't linger on the issue. Instead, she glanced over her shoulder and said, "Lucas, may I have a word with you?"
Lucas nodded. Compared to the others in the meeting, Lucas was actually more shocked by Wynter's identity as 001.
From the information he had heard, most of the cases that 001 handled were unconventional and not disclosed to the public.
It might sound mystical, but recent events had shown a shift in how things were being handled given that every country had its own unique fortune.
At the recent international conference, where fortune tellers from Mt. Dragon participated, they had discussed the Arcane Way.
It was rumored that ten years ago, due to various special cases, the Arcane Division was established.
Some of these individuals had mental abilities on par with software for calculations, while others had sensory abilities that could detect things that ordinary people couldn't.
Of course, there was also a group of individuals in Mt. Dragon itself, undergoing training in secret. This matter was confidential.
But whether Wynter was aware of all this was a question that lingered in Lucas' mind.
###chapter1685
Chapter 1685 Absolute Fairness
After all, the records did indicate that 001 had indeed disappeared for some time, with no reports of her appearances.
"Lucas, the person Mr. Hollis interacted with is suspicious," Wynter said.
From the information she had gathered, Clyde was supposedly in Hawford but had hidden himself exceptionally well, leaving not a single trace behind. Someone was undoubtedly helping him erase his tracks.
Yet, after seeing the Crimson Abyss, Wynter had also realized that the soul residing in Clyde's body had now found a new host.
Listening to Olivian's account, Wynter couldn't shake the feeling that the person in question was, more likely than not, Clyde when he was still alive. After all, the employment arrangements mentioned had been set in motion a long time ago.
"When someone can't recall another person, it's usually one of two possibilities. Either they've been subjected to hypnosis, or the person they met is a cultivator," Wynter explained.
She paused, then looked up at Lucas, not withholding anything. "With your level, you should be aware of some of the things happening in Mt. Dragon. They are all real, including the dragon lock chain."
At the mention of the dragon lock chain, Lucas recalled the time when a Sothoth was about to emerge, causing the chain to break.
He did know about some of these matters, which only made his heart feel heavier. "Can cultivators obscure their facial features?"
"Certain Sigils of the Arcane Way can achieve that," Wynter replied.
She then proceeded to summarize the key findings from her investigation to him. "I've already sent people to dig into the Winston family. It's unlikely anyone survived, but there should still be traces left behind."
Her gaze darkened slightly. "This is a complicated situation. I'll likely have to hand over all matters in Hawford to you. In addition, I hope you can submit a request for some of the people from Mt. Dragon to head to Colifernia. That person wouldn't appear without reason."
After all, that person's arrival in Hawford had even brought out a wraithlord.
"It might be difficult," Lucas said, speaking with deliberate care. "They're all tied up with their Arcane Way discourse now."
Wynter thought about it, then smiled faintly. "You're right. It wouldn't be suitable for you to handle this. But don't worry, I have my own ways to get them to come."
If the heavens were on the verge of collapsing, what was there to debate about the Arcane Way?
Lucas couldn't help but feel that Wynter's approach wasn't so much a request for help as it was a command. Still, he would support whatever she decided to do.
"I'll write a report, too," Lucas said. He didn't want Wynter offending Mt. Dragon unnecessarily. If someone had to cross that line, it was better for him to do so.
"I'll say that I need it." He continued, a hint of a smile in his tone, "You always have such a shocking way of handling things.
"This time, after you got caught, Mr. Munn Senior was genuinely furious. He didn't call you, but he did call me. He said if anything happened to you, he'd personally come and make this group of people pay for it.
"He was so mad that he lost rationality. You know how he is normally, he wouldn't even use public funds for a meal. For him to say something like that, well, it shows how worked up he was over you."
Wynter had never paid much attention to her methods' nuances before. Her focus had always been on efficiency, catching the culprits as quickly as possible.
But this time, she had indeed worried many people. It wasn't just Jackson, who had always treated her as a true disciple. There were also her grandparents, uncles, brothers, and especially her mother. They must have been restless, unable to sleep in peace.
Wynter stopped to reflect on her actions. "I'll be more mindful about my methods in the future. Mr. Munn Senior's cardiac health isn't the best. And those shell casings are still inside...
"Lucas, please try to convince him to eat on time. Make sure he remembers not to sneak off for a game of chess during his breaks,"
"Do you think I have the courage to tell him that? Only you would dare to boss him around." His laughter held the warmth of a brother's indulgence.
But as his eyes lifted, his expression grew serious again, settling back into the gravity of their work. "Now that they've uncovered your identity, I'm deeply concerned."
###chapter1686
Chapter 1686 Unwavering Determination
"They should pay the price for occupying the resources." Wynter didn't hide her intentions from Lucas. She was always honest when talking to him. "If they didn't see me, it meant that their current charges might not have gone deep enough.
"Even if they were arrested and sentenced, they'd probably only serve five or six years. Meanwhile, their descendants would still enjoy privileged positions and benefits. Yet, the resources stolen from others can never truly be recovered."
Lucas had suspected as much. Wynter wasn't someone who would reveal her identity lightly. Her decision to expose herself was deliberate-meant to leave no room for these people to harbor illusions of escaping justice.
"Mr. Monty said he did nothing wrong." Wynter's sharp gaze cut through any pretense. "But he's a frequent guest at the Wray family's club. Of course, he plays a more sophisticated game-preferring a touch of poetic elegance in his indulgences.
"Much of the documents regarding Club Solstice were destroyed. We tried recovering them but only managed to retrieve fragments. There's no direct footage implicating him.
"But, Lucas, none of the people here today are innocent," Wynter said gravely, her tone heavy with conviction." I'm here to seek justice for those who can no longer speak for themselves."
No one could see the swirling black mist behind Wynter, where one soul after another emerged.
They were young women who had perished in the prime of their lives. They were those who couldn't speak for themselves, who didn't even know their rightful positions had been stolen, and those who were still struggling to make ends meet before their deaths.
Atwater had often emphasized the importance of harmony with nature, aligning oneself with the flow of heaven and earth, when teaching her the Arcane Way. But Wynter, born with a defiant spirit, refused to simply go with the flow.
If she ever truly became a cultivator, ascension and the so-called Sacred Path wouldn't interest her. Her path was clear-she wanted to protect the living and give a voice to the dead.
Lucas looked into Wynter's determined eyes and sighed with a mix of exasperation and fondness. "I understand now. Mr. Munn Senior wasn't wrong when he scolded me. Compared to you, I don't have even half the courage."
"Don't belittle yourself, Lucas." Wynter's smile softened, a rare expression reserved only for family. "From the moment I met you, I knew you were someone who truly spoke for the people. You have your own ideals and strength."
Despite his rank and position, Lucas couldn't remember the last time someone had praised him so sincerely.
He adjusted his glasses, trying to suppress the smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. "Leave this to me. Do what you need to do, and rest assured-just like you said, this time, those who cannot speak for themselves will have their justice."
The education sector had always been the most difficult to address. The breadth and depth of those implicated in this case had surpassed all expectations.
For someone newly appointed like Lucas, most would have hesitated before making such bold moves. Offending so many people-up and down the hierarchy-right after arriving at a new position could easily provoke dissatisfaction from higher-ups.
Conventional wisdom would suggest handling things with a more measured approach, but Lucas didn't waver. Those in the meeting earlier were all immediately detained, and the schools listed in the investigation, no matter how prestigious their reputations, were promptly subjected to inquiries,
Initially, the "teachers" who had received the signal to retreat from the area didn't believe they would be caught. The plan devised by Edward was flawless. While everyone else was still in disarray-scrambling to detain
responsible parties and reacting to the uproar these individuals intended to preserve their strength and quietly withdraw from the schools.
They could either relocate to another city and begin anew or wait until the situation calmed before returning under the guise of a natural rotation.
They were confident that no one would detect anything unusual about their movements. Hence, they didn't think this uproar would implicate them.
They had already subtly planted insidious ideas into their students' minds and, as if it were just another routine day, went to their offices to hand in their resignations.
###chapter1687
Chapter 1687 Incoming Plague
The reasons the "teachers" provided for their sudden resignations were seemingly reasonable. They claimed the pressure had become too much, and they needed to take time off to pursue further studies.
In their minds, it wouldn't matter even if their leave was not immediately approved. They could still leave Hawford without any problems. Everything would continue as normal, and it would be easier for them to slip in and out unnoticed.
However, on the very day they submitted their resignation, they were called in for a conversation. At first, they didn't sense the severity of the situation. They thought it was just a routine discussion a common formality from the school to keep them on board.
But they did not expect that those who came to meet them were wearing police uniforms. Panic set in despite their calm composure on the surface.
Edward had assured them that no matter what happened, there would always be someone to back them up, and they should just behave as usual. But the more questions they were asked, the more their nerves started to unravel. Then, a new person entered the room. His voice was very formal, but the words left at least two of them frozen on the spot. "The items at your home were searched. These teaching materials are not right."
In the face of the evidence, all their explanations fell apart.
Edward didn't even receive the news when the "teachers" were taken away, but it was clear his plan to preserve their strength had failed.
Based on his understanding, he had always believed that the education system would be too complex to investigate fully. It was too deeply rooted, and there was no way to dig up everything without triggering alarms.
What he didn't anticipate was Wynter's precision in pinpointing their infiltrators so accurately. He also never thought Lucas would be so fearless, willing to step on so many toes to dig deep into the corruption.
He couldn't understand where Lucas got his courage from. How dare he embarrass the education sector like this? But despite Edward's disbelief, it still happened.
Meanwhile, on the same day, the family members of the directors who had attended the earlier meeting were all found, including Dominic's wife, the one who had been promoted to professor.
The moment they were confronted, there was no need for further questioning.
As soon as the authorities revealed the case, Dominic's wife, Estelle Corin, sneered. "You small-town cops! Do you even know where this is? How dare you come here asking questions? What are you even trying to question?
"How can you believe rumors just because someone reported us? I'm going to have a word with your superior!" Estelle was still trying to rely on Dominic's influence to exert her dominance against the authorities. However, the Special Unit didn't engage in any further conversation. They merely carried out their operation forcefully. Meanwhile, those directors' children were still loudly protesting, fearing they were about to lose their jobs. They were demanding to find someone to appeal their crimes, all dissatisfied with their current situations.
After all, none of them knew that their fathers had already fallen from grace.
At the same time, Wynter handed the scene over to Lucas. She knew that with his skills, securing the suspects was all but guaranteed. As for who would end up behind bars, she wasn't particularly interested.
She took out her phone and walked outside, dialing a number. It didn't take long before the call connected. "Check the situation in Colifernia. Find out if there will be any large-scale events happening soon. Make sure to investigate thoroughly."
Wynter hung up right after instructing the person on the call.
She wasn't fully convinced by what Yvette had said, but there was a significant possibility that the outbreak of the plague could be imminent. If it happened suddenly and without warning, it could bring the entire nation's
economy to a standstill.
Furthermore, as the Special Unit's leader, 001, she felt an unwavering duty to handle these potential threats.
The Special Unit member, who had received Wynter's directives, immediately began their investigation. Before long, the member returned a call to Wynter.
"Boss, we've just found something. There's going to be an international military exercise in the coming days, open to soldiers from all countries. It shouldn't be a major issue, right?"
Wynter narrowed her eyes at the information. "Stay put as you wait for further instructions. I'll have the others meet you soon. This exercise may not be as simple as it sounds. I'll explain in-depth once I arrive."
[
###chapter1688
Chapter 1688 Boundless Merit
Wynter was ready to leave, but trouble always seemed to follow, particularly from those who refused to
acknowledge the harm they'd caused by taking resources that rightfully belonged to others.
A commotion had already started outside. "Who's the person in charge here? Who gave you the authority to arrest people? Let me go! I said, let me go!"
Before getting on her motorcycle, Wynter swept a glance at the scene.
Among the protestors was Estelle, who exuded an air of entitlement. "I'm not going in. I'll say it one last time- you have no right to detain me! Do you know who I am?"
Wynter's long legs casually supported her sleek black motorcycle. She glanced at Estelle, tucking away her phone before ordering her subordinates, "Record her words. Ask her husband who she thinks she is."
As Wynter's words traveled to Estelle's ears, she sized her up. "I don't know who you are, young lady, nor do I care how you're handling this case. But I'll tell you one thing-do not offend those you cannot afford to provoke."
Estelle didn't think someone with a motorcycle could have any real power.
Wynter slipped her helmet on with one hand. Without wasting a single word more on Estelle, she simply instructed, "Document every word she has said. Submit everything to the higher-ups."
"Understood."
Estelle wasn't fazed in the slightest. After all, she hadn't broken any laws. She also believed that if Dominic found out about what happened today, none of the people here would escape unscathed.
If they wanted to interrogate her, so be it. She was curious to see how they would dare to accuse her.
What she didn't expect, however, was that there wouldn't be an interrogation at all. Instead, they took her directly to see Dominic. She wasn't foolish-one look at Dominic's state, and she instantly understood what had happened. Her face turned pale as disbelief washed over her. She was in shock that Dominic had actually fallen from grace when he was already so close to retirement. Worse still, the reason they'd brought her here was that they had substantial evidence in hand.
The position she'd been awarded as a professor was a result of Dominic's abuse of power. Right before her were documents outlining his confessed crimes, complete with his signature.
"How could this be? Impossible!" Estelle exclaimed in shock.
In an instant, the once-high-and-mighty government official's wife plummeted from her lofty perch to rock bottom. Thinking back on the things she'd said earlier, her expression was filled with shame and regret. Initially, they'd only intended for her and Dominic to relinquish positions and privileges they never deserved. If she hadn't behaved so arrogantly earlier, perhaps the matter could have been resolved differently.
The submission of the video left those advocating for a cautious approach, not wanting Lucas to conduct a full- scale investigation, with no excuses to anymore.
The implicated officials' family members those who had bypassed processes to enter departments, secured positions through undue influence, or obtained unearned honors all came under scrutiny.
Some of the scholarship committee's missing members were rescued. Others remained unaccounted for, and tragically, some were confirmed to have lost their lives.
It was only after seeing this scene that the unborn souls let go of their resentments. Once the results were made public, the honors and positions were restored to their rightful owners.
Estelle's position as a professor, which had originally belonged to another teacher, was one of the many examples. That teacher, resigned to their fate for years, trembled with emotion upon receiving the notification.
Those who wielded their power for personal gain likely never considered the gravity of their actions. To them,
taking someone else's spot was inconsequential.
But the truth was undeniable they had stolen others' fortune. Some people's academic achievements had been falsified. Others had their honors or futures ripped away from them. Today, all those stolen fortunes were restored. It sounded simple when summarized, but in practice, achieving such an outcome had been fraught with obstacles at every turn.
Some of the lingering unborn souls behind Wynter exchanged glances. Before departing to the afterlife, they wove threads of merit from their spiritual essence as a gift to her.
Wynter could see the injustice they endured, even if others couldn't understand why she pursued the investigation so relentlessly.
"Why dig all this up again after so many years?" people questioned. "It wasn't even them who were corrupt-it was their fathers."
But what people seemed to forget was that these individuals were also beneficiaries of their fathers' misdeeds. They not only enjoyed the ill-gotten gains from that power but also trampled on the ordinary citizens' most basic rights their human rights.
Public resentment was the most pressing grievance to address. The common people's desires were straightforward -they wanted food to eat and clothes to wear. If they were not provoked, they would not have been the first to strike.
Yet, why did these individuals feel entitled to trample on others just because of their positions?
Wynter didn't believe in sweeping injustices under the rug for the sake of maintaining a false peace or because it had happened long ago. She didn't think that anyone had the right to declare that these past transgressions should go unpunished on the victims' behalf.
Lucas shared her convictions. He no longer hesitated over whether his actions would upset the balance or inadvertently cause more waves,
The case's every detail was made public. Even the long-standing, unspoken rule that one's children would be placed in another's department, and vice versa, was now exposed for all to see.
Lucas was bold and courageous, breaking away from the usual system of concealment that many within the bureaucracy adhered to.
Wynter looked at the merit descending upon her. While she didn't reject it, she didn't take it all. She absorbed a portion of the spiritual essence into her Soul Commanding Badge but left most of the merit untouched.
She lifted her gaze. "Can I give the rest to Lucas?"
The girls exchanged a glance and nodded firmly in agreement.
"He will face a calamity in the future. With the merit you've given him, it should be enough to dissolve the calamity." Wynter chuckled lightly before continuing, "Without him, things wouldn't have gone
He's a good leader."
smoothly.
The girls' eyes brightened.
With a flick of Wynter's right wrist, the dark clouds parted. A beam of light shone down from above, unerringly landing on Lucas' figure.
Lucas, however, didn't notice it. His thoughts were still occupied with anger toward those who abused their power to oppress the people.
Beside him, Juan looked on in disbelief, wiping his glasses. "Am I imagining things, or do I see a golden light surrounding you, Mr. Keller?"
Lucas paused. He did indeed feel a sudden sense of lightness in his body. He had been sick before coming to Hawford and was coughing intermittently. But now he felt better than ever, as if a weight had lifted off his shoulders.
He wasn't sure if he had heard right, but it almost seemed like someone was whispering their thanks in his ear. In the world of politics, if one possessed merit protection, it shielded them from evil spirits, and could even turn a great calamity into a boon. It was a powerful blessing for those in positions of authority.
The crow could see the scene unfold clearly. He flapped his wings a few times, his voice low and cautious.
"Wynter actually passed on something as valuable as merits. She really hasn't changed much from before. I thought that people would be different after reincarnation."
Of course, Dalton heard this remark. He lifted his eyelids slightly, his expression neutral. "Tell Whitley to follow her closely during this period."
The crow hesitated for a moment before looking up carefully. "Are you asking Whitley to supply Ms. Quinnell with fortune? Or is it because of the Soul Commanding Badge..."
The rest of the words remained unsaid, for Dalton's gaze was filled with warning.
If a place were to be graced with merit, it would soothe the resentment accumulated there over the past year.
It was on the same day that in a small underground room next to Eliana's home, Jeremiah numbly prepared to
open his stall.
He dragged behind him the day's meager earnings when he heard a familiar voice.
"Dad!" A clear, crisp voice came from behind.
It was Penelope. She was injured, looking much thinner than when she left, with bruises on her arms, but she was back. Behind her were public officials who had brought her home.
Jeremiah's tears instantly welled up. He reached out to touch Penelope's hair. "They all said you went out and thought the outside world was better, that I was a burden, and no longer wanted to come back. But I know you, my child. How could you possibly despise me?
"It's my fault. I couldn't find anyone to bring you back and am useless. That scholarship committee... we won't go
there again."
Penelope nodded, and for the first time, she truly felt like she was saved and was finally home. She was afraid even when the public officials appeared.
But now, trembling, she turned on the phone that someone had given her. "This person... This person saved me. I heard from Eliana that the people who deceived and harmed us won't come back again. Dad, I'm really home."
Penelope let out a loud sob. She had been holding back her tears the entire way, her head lowered, while others tried to talk to her. But she was terrified. She had been conditioned to react with fear and panic.
It was a public official, a young woman, who found a way to calm her down. She showed Penelope her phone, displaying messages from Eliana.
Only then did she begin to respond, but it wasn't relief she felt initially-she repeatedly read the messages over and over again, as if trying to confirm something.
She was confirming that the people who had hurt her were truly caught. Only once she was sure of that was she able to let herself break down in tears.
At that moment, the officials who had escorted her home understood why it was important to check everything- even the children and relatives of those involved. The seemingly stubborn insistence on digging deeper now made
perfect sense.
Most people would never know that all of this was orchestrated by Wynter. The codename "001" only existed in
files.
As for those who had seen 001, they remained silent. They would definitely have to spend at least three or four years locked up, and with their own crimes, everything came to an end swiftly.
Even when some of them saw the videos and testimonies submitted, they chose to stay quiet. They dared not to
speak up, let alone suggest that the investigation had gone too far.
During this period, the Chamber f Commerce had been facing significant setbacks, its momentum quickly deteriorating. This, however, was not something anyone had hoped for.
The small businesses that had long relied on the Chamber of Commerce were now in a state of panic. Just as they had once agreed to kick the Whitman family out, they were now downstairs, pleading for them to return. Taylor looked at Noah and asked, "What should we do now? Should we go back?"
Noah didn't hesitate for a moment, his voice firm. "We need to go back. The Chamber f Commerce was created by
the former Mr. Quinnell Senior.
"It has been passed down for generations, and neither the Whitmans' nor the Quinnells' ancestors would want to see the Chamber of Commerce in its current state.
"I believe Wynter wouldn't just stand by and watch it collapse, so we should do this for her. It will at least show that we are not useless uncles,"
Tayor's eyes narrowed slightly as he pondered for a moment. "You're right. This was founded by the former Mr.
Quinnell Senior, and now Wyner is working so hard to steer the Chamber of Commerce in a better direction. Let's do it, then. I'll go meet them downstairs."
Noah knew that if the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce couldn't unite and stand together, it would quickly collapse or fall into the hands of someone with ill intentions.
Although there were other Chambers of Commerce in cities like Colifernia and Halsbury, they were no longer under their control. Most of the decision-making power had shifted overseas.
When Gordon was alive, the overseas Cascadians had still been connected to the homeland, but the current
generation of overseas Cascadians were not the same. Hence, while the Chamber of Commerce appeared to be controlled by Cascadians, the real power behind it was unclear.
Meanwhile, Cleo was leisurely rocking in his chair, enjoying the sun's warmth. With his eyes closed, he appeared
completely relaxed.
Before long, Alaric walked over from inside the house. "Mr. Sinclair, we've just received news. Ms. Quinnell has eradicated all the parasites within the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce.
"Additionally, several high-ranking provincial officials have been arrested, and now the entire Department of Education has mobilized to reboot the atmosphere within schools."
Cleo slowly opened his eyes. "Ms. Quinnell is quite impressive. She has achieved notable results since arriving in Hawford. Perhaps it's time to put aside my prejudices and meet her."
Since Gordon's passing, Cleo had placed his hopes on Shane. However, he turned out be a fool who relied too
much on his connections.
Shane's actions caused Cleo to lose all faith in the Quinnell family's descendants. He no longer believed that
anyone from the Quinnell family could carry on Gordon's legacy.
Alaric knew the true source of Cleo's prejudice—it wasn't toward Wynter herself, but rather his disappointment in
Shane.
He spoke carefully, "Mr. Sinclair, I believe the time has come. Ms. Quinnell is nearly matching the former Mr. Quinnell Senior's power and influence. But she is still young, and I fear her achievements may lead to arrogance. It seems it's time for someone like you to step in and offer guidance."
Cleo was quietly considering this. He didn't voice his thoughts aloud but closed his eyes again. However, an idea
had already formed in his mind he would definitely offer Wynter his full support if she actually found the item left behind and hidden by Gordon.
In the Whitman family's meeting room, Noah and Taylor sat at the head of the table, while the other members of
the Chamber of Commerce filled the seats.
Noah spoke first, his voice firm. "The Whitman family will lead everyone out of the current predicament, but I
must make one thing clear-this is not the time to indulge in extravagant lifestyles with people like Kenton and
Edison.
"What this Chamber of Commerce needs is businesses that focus on real work, and we must stick to supporting our domestic brands."
He took a sip of water before continuing, "When the former Mr. Quinnell Senior was still around, the businesses in Colifernia and Halsbury also established chambers, intending to develop together.
"However, those people are no longer in charge, and the situation has changed. I'm sure you all understand
without me explaining much.
"What we need now is unity. We must make the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce
and also expel the hidden forces controlling Colifernia."
Hawford the best,
The other members exchanged looks, and one of them spoke up. "Mr. Whitman, it's good that you guys have returned. After all, the Whitman family's stock price has soared, and we'll surely benefit from that. But... I fear that
the Chamber of Commerce in Colifernia won't even take us seriously."
Noah had considered this as well. However, before he could reply, a familiar calm and measured voice echoed across the room. "You don't need to worry about that. I'll go to Colifernia myself."
###chapter1689
Chapter 1689 Chamber of Commerce
The voice belonged to none other than Wynter. With her reappearance now, no one doubted her abilities as they once did. In their eyes were nothing but amazement and admiration.
Previously, they had no idea of the wits and influence she wielded. But now, they all knew-it was her who had coordinated with the Special Operations Team to crack the major case.
So, the Chamber of Commerce members' gazes were filled with a tangible shift in attitude.
"Ms. Quinnell!"
"You're finally here!"
"We've all heard about your accomplishments. Why didn't you tell us earlier that you are acquaintances with Mr. Keller?"
People swarmed her, including those who had previously been indifferent or skeptical about her capabilities and questioned her qualifications for joining the Chamber of Commerce.
Now, everything was different. After everything that had transpired, not only were they eager to accept her as a member, but they would even willingly make her the chamber's acting chairman if she desired it.
It wasn't just the land she acquired, which promised lucrative profits after development, that made them so willing. It was also the fact that she had a direct connection to Lucas. That was more than enough to secure endless opportunities for the future!
In truth, their imagination still fell short. Wynter's connection with Lucas wasn't just a simple acquaintance. If they knew she was actually his junior apprentice, they would be even more awestruck, much less if they learned that she held the position of 001.
As her family member, Noah could more or less guess that things weren't as simple as they seemed.
Wynter was truly extraordinary her real capabilities, if revealed, might cause an even bigger sensation. The Whitman family, being business people themselves, understood this all too well.
Yet, no matter which member of the family it was, none of them would ever disclose Wynter's true identity to outsiders.
This was the true meaning of being a family. Her reputation could bring them endless wealth. However, to protect her, they were willing to ensure her brilliance remained concealed. Even Reuben, who had endured so much silently, held an unspoken pride in her.
True heroes never stood under the spotlight, basking in applause. They remained hidden behind the curtains. While others were marveling at their achievements, they were already moving on to tackle the next challenge.
What made Reuben proud was that Wynter was exactly this kind of hero. Although Reuben wasn't present on this particular occasion, both Noah and Taylor felt an overwhelming sense of pride and heartache.
As families, they couldn't help but feel protective of Wynter. She had endured imprisonment and online slander, all to lure the evildoers into dropping their guard so they could be fully exposed. These feats sounded simple in words but were unimaginably difficult to execute.
In their eyes, Wynter was still a child. Who wouldn't wish for their child to live carefree, like a princess in a fairy tale? Perhaps it was precisely because she was so capable that people forgot she was only just 18.
Even if she hadn't been born into the Quinnell and Whitman families, with her intelligence, she could have been living a happy, carefree life in school, without needing to carry the burdens she now shouldered.
Just like Reuben had said, "Wynter does more than she says."
At her most glorious moments, her family would willingly step back to let her shine.
For instance, both Noah and Taylor weren't standing right beside Wynter. Instead, it was the other members of the Chamber of Commerce who eagerly crowded around her, each hoping to exchange a few words with her.
After nodding politely to the others, Wynter lifted her gaze and called out, "Uncle Noah and Uncle Taylor."
Only then did Noah and Taylor step forward.
Taylor looked at her carefully, scrutinizing every detail, before finally speaking, "There seem to be no injuries, and you seem to be in good spirits."
###chapter1690
Chapter 1690 Old Habits Die Hard
Both Noah and Taylor were deeply worried that Wynter might have been wronged. After all, she had been taken in for questioning, and the details of her involvement in the case weren't public knowledge.
Even without diving into specifics, just hearing the words "exploiting under the guise of scholarship"," auctioning young girls", and "organ harvesting" was enough for Noah to picture the harrowing environment. "It's good enough that you're back safe and sound. Your grandfather and mother are waiting for you at home."
Noah chuckled lightly before continuing, "Your cousin, on the other hand, is fretting about his latest project. He's terrified he'll mess it up and wants you to give it a final check."
"I trust Cyrus with the project. Besides, I know you'll be there to guide him." Wynter hesitated slightly as she continued, "But Uncle Noah, I'll need you to help me explain things to Grandpa and Mom. I know I worried them this time it was my mistake not to consider their feelings."
Wynter fully understood how much her family had agonized over her safety. Seeing how Reuben had faced criticisms on her behalf in the past few days had only made her more aware of their love and concern.
No matter how capable she was, her family would always fear for her safety.
Noah paused briefly before responding with quiet resolve, "All of us understand. No matter what happens outside, the Whitman family will always stand behind you. Even if our strength is limited, Taylor and I will never allow anyone to harm you."
The other members of the Chamber of Commerce, upon hearing this, couldn't help but wonder who would dare harm Wynter with the immense achievements resting on her shoulders.
If it were them, they wouldn't overthink this much. Breaking a massive anti-corruption case meant that no one would dare to treat both Wynter and the entire Whitman family as they had before-stepping on them whenever convenient.
The balance of power in Hawford's business circle was about to change profoundly. Word had already spread that those who had previously given Reuben a hard time had all been summoned for questioning.
This wasn't just about a shift in the business circle-even Lucas had undertaken a full-scale restructuring. Unlike previous transitions where incoming leaders had to adapt to "unspoken rules" developed over time, Lucas made it clear that he wasn't playing by the old manual.
In any city, the direction of development largely reflected its leadership. With Lucas at the helm, it was evident that the focus would be on tangible, meaningful progress.
Specifically, there were whispers that future support would prioritize industries related to technology, domestic brands, and cultural initiatives representing local identity and heritage. This vision aligned perfectly with Wynter's efforts and initiatives.
Some of the members in the room, who had been wavering between the Wray and the Whitman families, couldn't help but feel uneasy. Unlike those who had already secured opportunities for growth, such as the applesauce factory, none of them could compare now.
"Ms. Quinnell, would you mind sharing what specific instructions Mr. Keller has given?"
"Yes, you must know his personal interests too, right?"
"We don't need to worry about the situation in Colifernia for now. Let's focus on developing our side first."
Some were clearly eager to leverage the connection. They couldn't understand why, at such a good opportunity, they were still talking about family matters and what was happening in Colifernia. They were more interested in using their connection with Lucas to seize the chance and make a fortune.
Wynter's gaze swept over them, lightly toying with her purple sugilite pendant. "I thought seeing the consequences of some people's actions would make you settle down."
Her words silenced the room.
"Just in case some of you are still unaware, it was me who took down Edison. Anyone who shared his style in the business world is likely writing their repentance letters in prison by now," Wynter said coldly.
###chapter1691
Chapter 1691 No Need for Schemes
Wynter continued, "I'm here to tell you people to conduct your businesses properly. What my great-great grandfather said when establishing this Chamber of Commerce still holds true today.
"Even in commerce, one must uphold integrity and principles-do not flatter foreign powers or rely on ill-gotten gains. A gentleman earns wealth in an upright manner.
"And as for your concern for Mr. Keller's hobbies-what exactly is your intention? Are you hoping to get yourselves arrested as well?"
As she spoke, cold sweat began to bead on the members' foreheads.
"Ms. Quinnell, that's not what we meant. It's just that the market environment isn't great, and we were wondering if there might be policies to help our businesses grow together. It would be good for the chamber as well, wouldn't it?" one of the members said.
Wynter's gaze swept toward the speaker. She knew better than anyone that the business world wasn't simply black or white. Greed was an inevitable part of human nature and was what fueled the engine of commerce.
She didn't fear people having self-interests, nor did she believe that every trace of "evil" needed to be eradicated. But she had her principles. She was here to set the rules and to ensure everyone understood the boundaries.
"You people shouldn't need me reminding you of this chamber's founding principles," Wynter said steadily. "The reason you're all still standing here is because you haven't crossed the line.
"I understand everyone needs to make money, but think before you act. The same goes for what you say-be mindful of your words. In the future, within this chamber, I do not want to see anyone relying on so-called unspoken rules.
"The Whitman family isn't the Wray family, and I am not Kenton Wray. The Quinnell family will inject three billion as an investment into the chamber's projects, and policies are already in place. It's up to you to make your choice.
"You are all aware of how the Quinnell family conducts its affairs. I may not live up to a tenth of Grandpa Gordon's legacy, but I will never bow to anyone. Hence, there's no need to overthink or scheme when dealing with me.
"Run your businesses, but don't cross the red line, and don't harm others. Focus on discovering talent, developing products, and meeting the people's needs. Stop wasting time trying to curry favor with the higher-ups—it's useless.
"And if I ever see anyone emulating the likes of Kenton or Edison again.... you've all seen their fate."
Every member's eyes lit up with excitement after hearing about the three billion investment fund.
If there were clear rules to follow and a guarantee that their businesses could thrive without unnecessary interference, who would willingly grovel to officials?
No more probing into someone's hobbies, no more enduring endless social dinners, and no more drinking themselves sick just to secure a project.
If they could conduct their businesses honorably and earn what they deserved without compromise, why would they choose sides? Why would they willingly become "the bad guys" in the public eye?
"Ms. Quinnell, I admit I was wrong before! From now on, I'll listen to whatever you say," one member exclaimed passionately.
"Me, too! Honestly, I'm sick of those so-called leaders standing up there, talking about everything but the project review. My whole company is waiting on that approval to eat!" another chimed in.
"Ms. Quinnell, if things can really be as straightforward as you say, it'll be a relief for all of us!"
These people had been trapped in a toxic environment for far too long. Under Kenton's regime, it was the sycophants who reaped the rewards. The limited market share often meant that they couldn't secure projects without connections.
As a result, some had to resort to layoffs, which hurt their reputation as bosses. But if the conditions allowed, who wouldn't want to be a good boss?
The Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce's original purpose was to support small and medium-sized enterprises, ensuring they weren't pushed out of the market by monopolies.
###chapter1692
Chapter 1692 The Business Circle's Savior
However, ever since Kenton gained dominance, foreign capital had held the upper hand in the market.
Even without Kenton, the city's overall business environment had long been skewed in favor of external players. But because the Wray family's actions were so blatant and overbearing, they had become the focal point of everyone's grievances.
The truth was, they weren't truly afraid of Kenton himself. What they feared were the powerful connections backing him. These relationships determined their companies' rise and fall-how could they not try to curry favor? In reality, even before Wynter's arrival, many of them had already braced themselves for the worst. Seeing others being taken away, they knew the consequences of aligning with the wrong side.
They had little hope that someone in power wouldn't seek vengeance. After all, they hadn't supported the Whitman family.
To be fair, they hadn't actively harmed the Whitman family. They simply tried to survive in the cracks of a larger struggle. But who would believe such words?
However, they didn't expect Wynter to spare them.
If she gained power, it would undoubtedly benefit the Whitman family. As for those from different families, they'd be lucky not to be dragged down entirely. If they managed to gain even the smallest bit of benefit, they'd count themselves fortunate.
Some had even mentally prepared for being expelled from the Chamber of Commerce altogether. After all, they hadn't sided with the Whitman family when it mattered most.
But none of that happened. Wynter didn't just let them stay-she gave them a lifeline.
This time, the chamber was different. It all boiled down to one simple principle-if they could earn a living with dignity, why would they choose to grovel?
Having endured a corrupt and suffocating environment for so long, they had become resigned to their own compromises and skewed perspectives. They had stopped believing someone like Gordon could ever exist again.
But the wait for such a leader was finally over.
Meanwhile, in the Whitman family residence's study, Reuben set down his calligraphy pen and listened as his secretary, Malric Riven, reported the latest news.
The smile on his face was both hearty and full of pride. "I was overthinking. I thought that with that girl's uncompromising nature, she'd arrest everyone without a second thought, forgetting that the business world has its own rules of engagement.
"But now, it seems she sees the bigger picture far better than I ever could."
Reuben was truly overjoyed.
Malric, standing to the side, couldn't help but smile along. "Ms. Quinnell convinced them all with just a few words. Even those old, cunning foxes seem to genuinely admire her now."
"Wynter has won their hearts with her sincerity and principles. That's the rarest quality of all," Reuben said, his pride evident as he spoke of Wynter. No amount of praise could do her justice in his eyes.
Malric was also genuinely impressed. "Ms. Quinnell truly considers things from everyone's perspective. I remember the time when I was tempted by offers from outside companies. I wavered, but you convinced me to stay.
"And Ms. Quinnell doesn't see such wavering as an unforgivable flaw. She's willing to give people a chance. You're the same way!"
Reuben raised a hand, gesturing for him to stop. "You've been holding onto that for so long it's no big deal. People naturally choose what's best for themselves. But when the Whitman family faced tough times, didn't you still come back to check on me?"
Indeed, human nature was inherently complex. Everyone had their own livelihood to consider. But how many people could truly understand this?
As long as no harm was done to others, Wynter respected everyone's choices. She also understood why some people ended up becoming who they were. Not everyone who didn't side with the Whitman family was inherently bad.
The real villains were people like Edison, who still believed he could salvage his situation by groveling to the Whitman family. However, before he could even attempt to plead his case, the Whitman family had already visited him first.
To be precise, Wynter had dispatched someone-but not to see Edison. Instead, her people sought out Rosalyn.
###chapter1693
Chapter 1693 Mild Sweetness
Edison had always looked down on Rosalyn. He was currently in the living room, shouting furiously, like a mad dog.
Rosalyn sat quietly on the couch, as if she had grown accustomed to scenes like this.
Edison roared, "I told you to go beg the Whitman family! Get moving! What are you doing sitting here all day?"
"Edison Waldron, I'm not like you. I still have some conscience. You know exactly how you've wronged the Whitman family, yet now, are you really saying you want me to beg them?" Rosalyn continued firmly, "I won't do it."
"Then use your father's old connections! Didn't he leave behind a network of people back in the day? You've spent all these years unemployed, living off me like a parasite! You're useless! Now that the company's in trouble, you won't do anything!"
As he ranted, he grabbed Rosalyn's arm roughly. "Go beg them now!"
It was at this moment that people from the Whitman family arrived.
"Mrs. Waldron, I've been sent by Ms. Quinnell," a man in black, Norman Brook, said.
Upon hearing this, Rosalyn turned slightly and gestured for them to come in. She knew well enough that such visits weren't casual. Considering what Edison had done, it was clear the Waldron family was about to face their downfall.
As Edison's wife, Rosalyn had once tried to plead for mercy on his behalf, even meeting Wynter in person. Now, she could only offer a bitter smile.
Her greatest regret was marrying a man like Edison. All these years, she had clung to the idea that a husband and wife were supposed to stand united. Yet, had Edison truly treated her as a partner?
He had cheated, kept mistresses, and sneered at her, calling her a "washed-up hag".
There were moments she'd thought about following Marie's example, courageously taking the first step toward freedom. But she no longer had the strength.
"Whatever the Whitman family decides to do to the Waldron family-or me I'll accept it," she said softly, resignation etched in her voice.
Overhearing this, Edison erupted in fury. "What do you mean you'll accept it? You bitch! Are you trying to kill me?" In his rage, he lunged forward as if to strike her, completely disregarding the visitors' presence.
However, Wynter's men weren't the type o tolerate such behavior. Norman swiftly grabbed Edison's wrist and twisted it back.
"You're quite the chatterbox," Norman said calmly.
Edison, who was all bark and no bite, immediately crumbled under the pain. His face turned pale, and he collapsed to his knees.
Norman loosened his grip on Edison, casting him a fleeting, disdainful glance before turning to face Rosalyn.
"Mrs. Walrdon," he began, "I'm here today for two matters, both on Ms. Quinnell's behalf. First, she never forgets a grudge. Whatever Edison has done to the Whitman family, she remembers it all and will ensure he faces the consequences.
"Second, you're different. Ms. Quinnell knows you came to warn Mr. Whitman Senior and Mr. Whitman about the situation. If you're willing, you can leave behind the title of 'Mrs. Waldron' and reclaim yourself Rose Barne."
At the sound of that name, Rosalyn's composure crumbled entirely.
Rose Barne-a name no one had called her since her father's passing. In all her years of marriage, even Edison had never addressed her by it. Yet, in just a few days, Marie and Wynter had both reminded her of her real name.
Instantly, she could no longer hold back her tears.
Norman silently passed her a few tissues, waiting patiently for her to regain some composure.
When her sobs finally subsided, her eyes were clear and resolute. "I want to be Rose Barne again. I no longer want to be Mrs. Waldron."
The title of Mrs. Waldron had weighed her down for years. Outside her home, she was known solely by her marital title, with no one caring about her own identity. Many even assumed she owed her status to Edison.
Norman nodded slightly at her decision and continued, "Edison's current position was built on the connections your father, Mr. Barne Senior, left behind. The Barne family did everything they could to support him as a son-in- law.
"But as they say, helping someone too much can breed resentment. He dared to start keeping mistresses and squander your father's legacy after his passing.
"Ms. Quinnell said if you want to take back what is rightfully yours, the Quinnell family will stand with you. If you're willing, the Quinnell's Legal Department will handle your divorce proceedings."
Hearing this, Edison, who was still clutching his wrist, turned pale. He knew all too well the formidable reputation of the Quinnell's Legal Department. If they took on Rose's divorce case, he would undoubtedly end up losing everything!
Realizing the gravity of his predicament, his legs gave out beneath him, and he collapsed to his knees. Desperation painted his face as he begged Rose, "Honey, I was wrong! I'll cut ties with that bitch right now. Let's start over and live a good life together. I was wrong, and I'll do better! Please, let's not divorce!"
Edison's performance was textbook manipulation. His tears flowed freely, as though he truly intended to turn over a new leaf.
Rose looked at him. "Edison, perhaps you've forgotten, but when my father was still alive, you begged me like this before. I was naive then and believed you. But not anymore."
"Honey!" Edison's voice cracked in panic.
Rose didn't falter. Her tone was calm and methodical, as if reciting a ledger of his betrayals. "Just three days ago, when you were appointed the Chamber of Commerce's acting chairman, you threatened me. You said you'd ruin my reputation if I didn't agree to divorce.
"You called me a 'washed-up old hag' who had no right to carry the title of your wife, and you couldn't wait to bring your mistress into this house.
"Well, let me help you achieve that dream. And let me make one thing clear, Edison Waldron-if I had any other option earlier, I would have left long ago. Being your wife has disgusted me for years! I detested being Mrs. Waldron!"
With that, she turned to Norman. "Please tell Ms. Quinnell I want a divorce!"
Norman nodded. "As Ms. Quinnell had assumed." He extended his hand toward her. "Ms. Barne, the Quinnell Group will fully handle your divorce proceedings.
"Additionally, the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce welcomes you as a new member. The Waldron family is expelled from the chamber, and Rose Barne will take her rightful place as a new core member."
Hearing this, Rose froze for a moment, then burst into tears of relief and joy.
She fully understood the current prestige of the Chamber of Commerce, now led by Wynter. After the exposure of the massive corruption scandal, the chamber in Hawford had risen to a level of national recognition, and countless talented entrepreneurs were eager to join.
Yet, Wynter had chosen her.
Her mind suddenly flashed back to the day she left the Whitman residence. Noah had promised to never forget her kindness and would repay her when she needed help.
At the time, she hadn't taken those words seriously. But now, at this critical juncture, they had come to help her, enabling her to reclaim her identity and dignity.
"Thank you..." Tears welled up in Rose's eyes. "I don't know what I've done to deserve the chance to join the Chamber of Commerce... I..."
Norman responded without hesitation, "Ms. Quinnell said the Barne family's legacy still lives on. You've once held the position of an executive, so surely, you can manage a business just as well. What makes you truly exceptional, however, is your heart."
Beside them, Edison seethed with envy and fury. "Her? What could she possibly contribute to the chamber? Wynter is just relying on her connections to pull stunts like this!
"Letting a woman join the chamber? If the former Mr. Quinnell Senior was still alive, he'd jump out of his grave and call her an unworthy descendant! The Chamber of Commerce will collapse!"
Edison's face twisted in bitterness, going completely mad. "Colifernia will not allow her to have her way! Just you wait! Someone will drag her down from her high horse, just like me now!"
He started laughing maniacally after his words. Edison's derangement was unmistakable. His humiliation mirrored what the Whitman family had endured at their lowest point-enemies taking pleasure in his downfall and even his closest allies abandoning him.
And now, the prospect of losing everything, the company he believed he had built himself, to Rose pushed him over the edge.
"The Barne family! That old man, Estes Barne, cared about nothing but his reputation! He used to preach, 'Those in power must discern what is worth doing and what is not.' In reality, he just looked down on people like me!
"If he'd been more opportunistic like Fredric, he would've helped me secure power, and I'd have soared long ago!" His eyes burned with hatred as he glared at Rose. "The people in the Barne family are all the same! Stubborn and obsessed with moral grandstanding! You are the same! It's disgusting! You're disgusting!"
It was only now that Rose fully understood that Estes had seen through Edison's character from the very beginning. Despite his dissatisfaction with this son-in-law, Estes had endured it for her sake, given that the marriage had already been sealed.
It turned out she hadn't brought just an unloving husband into her life-she had let a venomous snake into her home. She had believed he was a talented man, held back by his disadvantaged background and lack of
opportunity. How naive she had been.
Edison was nothing more than a country slicker. Back in her school days, she hadn't been able to see through him,
but now she understood everything and she wouldn't be fooled again!
"Please prepare the divorce proceedings as quickly as possible," Rose said resolutely.
Norman chuckled lightly. "Don't worry. The Quinnell Group is known for its efficiency. As for this... this mess,
leaving him here might weigh on your mood, so I'll take him out."
By "take him out", he meant dragging Edison outside and tossing him on the street.
Ironically, Edison almost wished he would be arrested. But Wynter had no such intentions. She wanted him to stay in his familiar surroundings, trampled into the mud, and to experience firsthand the emotional torture of those who had what was rightfully theirs taken away by him.
Norman couldn't help but admire Wynter's keen understanding of human nature. Someone like Edison wouldn't suffer in prison-it would mean nothing to him. But being left to rot in his own domain, where everyone could watch his disgrace that would be excruciating.
In the living room, Rose sat alone. She took out her phone, found Marie's number, and dialed it. Marie was in the middle of preparing medicine for Reuben when the phone rang. Answering the call, she heard Rose's voice on the other end. "Thank you, Marie."
Marie smiled warmly. "Rose, this is what you deserve. There's no need to thank me. From now on, just focus on being yourself. Shake off those old labels and become the Rose Barne that all of Hawford will know and admire!" Rose felt a surge of inspiration light her heart ablaze. "I will, Marie. I'll work hard and learn from you. Having a friend like you is the greatest blessing of my life."
After a pause, she added, "And please, thank Wynter for me. Thank her for giving me this opportunity, and above all, for remembering my father."
Some people, once no longer in their roles, were forgotten by the world. No matter how significant their achievements, their legacies eventually fade away.
Estes had worked himself to exhaustion, passing away after an accident while working in the countryside. In the days after his death, many had come to honor him, praising his integrity and dedication, as well as his relentless pursuit of economic development for the community.
But over time, those tributes disappeared. Even Edison had dared to publicly lash out at her in front of others.
People around her would always advise her, "Mrs. Waldron, you need to understand him. Being a live-in son-in- law is always going to be difficult for a man-it's just inherently unbalanced."
At that time, Rose had found it weird. He was the one who willingly agreed to marry into the Barne family. Why and how was it her fault that he felt unfair?
When her father was alive, people applauded her choice to marry someone not for wealth or status.
They would warn Edison, "You're lucky to marry into the Barne family. If you ever step out of line, don't think Mr. Barne Senior will be the only one angry-we won't let you off, either."
But Rose understood now-it was all about profit. People simply chased those in power, fawning over whoever could grant them a favor. Estes' words and deeds, no matter how noble, had largely been forgotten.
But today, Wynter's simple acknowledgment "The Barne family's legacy still lives on"-filled her heart with endless gratitude. To Rose, it meant the world that someone still remembered Estes' dedication to this land. That alone was enough for her.
At that moment, she felt an indescribable presence behind her. A golden light seemed to radiate before sweeping
westward.
Helping Rose had been a simple matter of principle for Wynter. It was that straightforward. However, even Wynter had never anticipated that Rose would carry any merit. Hence, when the golden light
descended upon Rose, Wynter paused in her movements.
Standing beside her outside the Whitman residence, Dalton raised an eyebrow. "If you don't head in soon, it'll be completely dark. Also, the roast lamb in the kitchen has already been reheated once."
Wynter had been feeling a bit guilty, but with someone like Dalton around, she knew Reuben wouldn't reprimand her in his presence. "You've already spoken to Grandpa about me heading to Colifernia, haven't you?" "Do you mean how you're going to eat dinner and then rush to Colifernia right after?" Dalton asked, his tailored
suit pristine as he turned to glance at her. His face was so striking it carried a hint of nobility. "Mr. Reuben didn't
say much, but there's a condition-I'm going with you."
Wynter frowned. "I'm heading there to handle other matters. Bringing extra baggage along isn't exactly
convenient."
"Mrs. Yarwood, it seems you've forgotten that it was I who helped you cover everything up when you staged your own imprisonment." Dalton continued calmly, "In what way am I considered baggage to you?"
At the mention of this, Wynter cleared her throat lightly. It was true-without his assistance, certain things
wouldn't have gone so smoothly or progressed so quickly.
"Fine, I'll be honest. Colifernia is dangerous—it isn't just like the current situation. I'm worried about your health
..." Wynter tried to reason with him.
Dalton pulled her closer, his gaze dropping to her wrist as he examined it carefully. "Before worrying about my
health, Mrs. Yarwood, perhaps you should learn to worry about yourself first."
Wynter didn't quite understand what he was getting at. What was wrong with her? Wasn't she in great health? She
could send anyone flying if they came to pick a fight with her right now.
She wondered if Dalton had forgotten his role as the Kingbourne social circle's delicate and sickly heir.
From her expression, Dalton immediately knew she hadn't taken his words to heart. Despite their engagement, their relationship still felt distant. Just like before, no matter what the two of them
went through together, she always seemed unaffected the next day untouched, as if nothing had happened. That thought deepened the glint in his eyes, making his gaze darker.
Without another word, his hand slid from her wrist to her waist, lifting her effortlessly. As he lowered his face, the
chain of his glasses brushed against her cheek, cold as it grazed her skin.
Wynter felt he was far too close-so close that she could hear their heartbeats' rhythmic overlap, burning away every coherent thought in her mind.
The warmth of his palm was in stark contrast to his cool, distant demeanor, an intense heat that was impossible to
ignore.
###chapter1694
Chapter 1694 The Newspaper Left By Gordon
"Mr. Stavius once mentioned cultivators refrain from taking on another's personal burden, warning that they would face repercussions from the heavenly laws," Dalton commented, his breath brushing against Wynter's lips.
He continued calmly, "The shadows under your eyes have grown darker since you last borrowed my energy. Don't tell me it's a coincidence."
At times, Wynter felt that others being too shrewd might not work her favor-like now, when she failed to deceive Dalton.
"I admit I've been mentally drained the past couple of days, but it's not a problem. I still have some merits left," Wynter replied softly, sounding rather guilty.
Normal citizens might not know that merits could be depleted. But for a being who had lived for an indefinite time, Dalton knew the truth too well.
"There's an easier way," Dalton suggested as he tore open his shirt's collar. The dark shirt contrasted with his pale neck, evoking an ineffable sense of restraint.
While the tempting sight would've entranced most girls, Wynter's gaze was fixed on the throbbing veins along his neck. For some reason, she felt a deep thirst rise in her throat.
At that moment, she caught a faint glimpse of Dalton's spiritual manifestation once more. Amid the heavy personal burdens surrounding him, he bathed in golden rays and seemed to give off an alluring scent. It was as if he was tempting her to bite into him.
Clenching her fists, Wynter struggled to fight against the temptation but failed. With a darkened gaze, she grabbed Dalton's collar and sank her teeth into the familiar taste. His scent completely enveloped her. Unable to control herself, she bit into him deeply.
Dalton hissed and furrowed his brows, though he showed no signs of anger at all. Instead, his grip on Wynter's waist tightened, with his face a picture of restraint control. The trench coat he wore lent him a Victorian nobleman's dignified air.
He was the commander, utterly in control of the moment. Even the crow in the distance failed to notice what lay hidden in his eyes' depths.
The crow wouldn't dare to look into Dalton's eyes. As a mythical beast, he was more concerned that Dalton might develop true feelings amidst the deceit something that could become his weakness.
The crow had an ominous feeling when the Soul Commanding Badge was uncovered. As he expected, the situation had taken a bewildering turn. He wondered if Dalton would fall prey to Wynter twice.
On the other hand, Wynter had never experienced such bliss and found herself wanting more. It seemed that Dalton's energy could soothe the lingering resentments within her.
The more Wynter defied the fates and dispelled formations, the deeper the resentments embedded in her soul. Though they weren't something of her own making, she still bore the karmic fate destined from above.
Elders often warned against changing another's fate, and cultivators frequently reminded that heavenly secrets must not be disclosed. Those warnings implied that certain truths couldn't be altered, no matter how clear the rights and wrongs might seem.
Despite knowing the outcomes, one was forbidden to break the rules and correct things based on their own judgments. The heavens had their plans, and no good would come from defying them.
Wynter wasn't entirely untouched by the heavenly repercussions, or else, Vanessa wouldn't have merged with the Soul Commanding Badge to stabilize her.
Wynter refused to sacrifice anyone for her own stability, which left her in a weakened state. And with her domineering presence, it might look to strangers that she was forcibly kissing Dalton.
A cough suddenly broke the moment. Turning around, Wynter saw her uncles standing behind her and quickly
broke away from Dalton's embrace.
"Dad wants you in his study. We didn't mean to interrupt. It's merely a coincidence," Noah said with smiling eyes. Wynter was momentarily stunned before regaining her senses. She didn't seem quite herself when she shoved Dalton away. In contrast, Dalton remained composed, as if nothing had happened. He stood straight and greeted the Whitman brothers respectfully.
"You need to be careful, too. You can't just give in to Sevie's impulsiveness. She's still young, and it won't be good if others saw her like that." Noah and Taylor reprimanded him.
The Whitmans were rather protective of their young ones. While they didn't have the heart to rebuke Wynter, they picked on Dalton instead. Besides, they still recalled that he had once broken off his engagement with her.
"There's quite a lot of people passing by. We wouldn't want to hear rumors about Sevie pursuing you next," the brothers added.
Dalton chuckled. "Don't worry, sirs. I assure you, such rumors won't arise. The Yarwood family has already prepared the wedding gifts. If Wynter agrees, we can hold the ceremony any time or get a marriage registration first."
"Absolutely not! Sevie hasn't reached the legal age to register for marriage yet. Besides, she's just returned. Give her two years to settle in at home, unless she's ready for marriage," Taylor refuted sharply. Despite his maturity, he was displeased by the idea of Wynter marrying so soon.
However, Wynter swiftly replied, "I am ready for marriage, but I've been too busy."
Noah and Taylor were left speechless. They had always dismissed the rumors about Wynter, but they didn't expect her to fall so deeply for Dalton.
Dalton gave a soft chuckle, and his gaze became gentler than before. He took Wynter's hand, perfectly wielding his charm.
The underworld was quick to pick up on his emotions. In the depths of the nine levels of hell, the demons lurking within the black fog stirred, ready to burst forth at the beckoning of souls. Yet, they suddenly froze in place.
"What's that on your face? A red spider lily? L-Let's retreat," a demon said fearfully.
When the others voiced their confusion, the demon continued, "Can't you see the flower blooming on your face? We'll turn into dust the moment we get up there!"
"Did someone with great merits arrive? Why does the underworld feel so different?" a demon asked.
"Who knows? I'm dying of heat here!" Came the retort.
Even the underworld guards, who were capturing souls at the mall capturing souls, sensed the change.
"Do you notice the dense energy today?" one inquired.
"There's something nearby. Be careful," the other replied cautiously.
At that moment, several voices rang out in the distance.
"Oh my god! I won the first prize!"
"Look, Mommy! The caterpillar has turned into a butterfly!"
While children's words were often perceived as naive, the crow looked on with mixed emotions. He was relieved that Dalton was recovering, but he feared that history would repeat itself.
Meanwhile, Wynter and Dalton made their way to Reuben's study together.
Watching their departing figures, Noah couldn't help but sigh. "Youngsters are so much more open-minded. Back in our time, I'd blush just from touching a girl's hand, let alone hugging them. Dalton didn't even bat an eye, as if he's used to it."
"It's the age of youth, Noah. Let's just hope they have a happy future together. We'll handle the rest with Mr. Quinnell Senior.
"Besides, rumors said Dalton has never shown interest women he never bothered to glance at any of the socialites or noble ladies. And yet, he became a different person when it comes to our Sevie!" Taylor replied with a
hearty laugh.
As the brothers were chatting, Wynter and Dalton had arrived outside the study. She knocked on the door thrice before leading him inside.
Ever since Wynter had changed the study's layout, Reuben's health had been steadily improving. The sunlight streamed through the windows, filling the room with a warm, vibrant glow.
Reuben was practicing calligraphy inside the study, becoming increasingly focused as he worked on the last word. Dalton walked over and observed the piece before commenting softly, "With great virtue comes great responsibility... From the clean, confident strokes, I'd say you've made a full recovery, Mr. Reuben."
Glancing at Dalton, Reuben scoffed. "Save the praise. I've got more miles than a classic car."
He then turned to Wynter and asked, "Are you planning to head to Colifernia?"
Wynter nodded in response.
In truth, Reuben had called the couple over because he was concerned about her plans. "I'm sure Dalton has asked
to accompany you to Colifernia. It's unfamiliar ground for both the Whitmans and Quinnells-we won't be able to assist you much there.
"But it's a different case for Sorzada City's Yarwoods. They're still an influential family that can help you steer clear of troubles."
Hearing that, Wynter glanced at Dalton and realized that it was his plan. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been so kind as to cover for her and talk it over with Reuben beforehand, even managing to convince him.
In truth, Wynter wasn't opposed to bringing Dalton along, but she was concerned about the virus' possible emergence. That said, she realized her body reacted strangely whenever she absorbed his energy, not to mention the strange changes in Dalton.
Perhaps, it was for the best that they headed to Colifernia together. Besides, she hoped to uncover the truth behind his odd behavior back in the basement.
Unaware of the situation between the couple, Reuben voiced his sole concern. "The chamber of commerce in Colifenia is different from Hawford's.
"When Mr. Gordon founded the organization, he noted that Colifernia's geographically unique location. In particular, it's a convenient route for Cascadian expats-those who had once assisted us-to return to the country. "Hence, the city is teeming with finance and foreign companies. Times have changed, and we're uncertain if the people's loyalty still lies with the country."
He continued bluntly, "Colifernia must have heard about your actions in Hawford, so some f your tactics might not work there. I have no advice to offer, but I do hope you'll stay careful and take good care of yourself." Wynter understood his concerns and cast her eyes downwards. Despite knowing her family would always support her, she couldn't help but apologize. "I understand my plans this time must have you all stressing out." Reuben smiled in response. "We know what you've been up to, and we're mentally prepared for it. What I'm saying is, you don't have to worry about the family. You might be threatened because of us, Sevie.
"But whether it's the Quinnells or Whitmans, we old-timers will never become your weakness. We have our own plans in place. All you have to do is follow your heart."
"I understand, Grandpa." Wynter appeared stunned by his words. She felt as though she had experienced something similar in the distant past.
She inadvertently glanced at Dalton, only to find his attention fixed on the Youth Daily resting on the table. Wynter arched an eyebrow and asked, "Are you still reading those papers, Grandpa?"
"Since it's something Mr. Gordon left behind, I reckon it must be important you gave it to me for safekeeping,
after all. I figured I might find something useful for you in it. I've been reading the papers all day, but so far, there's been nothing," Reuben replied with a frown.
He had kept the newspapers hidden from others, only pulling them out to search for clues when he was alone. But now, his reason was different.
"You entrusted the newspaper to me since you've been so busy. Now that you're leaving for Colifernia, it's better if you take it with you. It might be of use," Reuben said, raising a hand.
If Wynter hadn't brought the newspaper to him, he would've never guessed that Gordon had left behind something else. After all, most of Gordon's relics had been cremated, and some had been lost when the Quinnells
moved to Kingbourne.
The few relics that remained-if they were of any value-were kept under Fabian's care. Yet, Wynter claimed to have found the Youth Daily within the old Quinnell residence.
Back then, Reuben wasn't the only one who had tried searching there-many Hawford citizens had done the same. Those who once served Gordon now mainly offered their assistance to others, either in developing businesses or by providing connections to manage companies. They weren't closely connected, given that only a few of them
were still alive.
Among them was Stetson, who had been arrested because of his affiliation with Edison. And then there was Cleo, who always played by his own set of rules.
Cleo had once mentioned that he only heeded Gordon's words. After Gordon's death, he completely severed his
ties with the Quinnells. Aside from those two, the rest of the elders had remained as the old Quinnell residence's guardians.
"If you're truly looking for clues, Cleo might know something. How about I arrange a meeting for you?" Reuben
suggested.
Glancing at the newspaper in her hand, Wynter turned down the offer. "Please wait a little longer, Grandpa. I don't wish to hide anything from you. The situation in Colifernia is more urgent. I fear the people's loyalty to Grandpa Gordon might not be as strong as they once were."
Reuben agreed to her decision. "Very well. Then, do as you see fit."
Not wanting to burden Reuben with such concerns, Wynter assured him, "You should focus on your recovery, Grandpa. Don't worry about Colifernia. I'll bring you good news soon."
"Great. I have full trust in your capabilities, so I'll be waiting for the good news!" Reuben replied as he patted
Wynter's shoulder.
After giving an affirmative response, Wynter and Dalton walked out of the study. Once outside, she glanced at her
charming fiancé and complimented, "You're as clever as ever. I was surprised when Grandpa agreed to have you accompany me."
Dalton flashed a charming smile. "You need proof before making such a claim, my lady. That decision is Mr.
Reuben's to make. I wouldn't dare change his mind."
Just then, Wynter stopped in her tracks and lifted her gaze. "You've seen the Youth Daily that Grandpa Gordon left.
behind, haven't you?"
Dalton instantly stiffened.
her words.
###chapter1695
Chapter 1695 A Member Is Missing
It instantly fell silent. Dalton's eyes darkened, and he admitted to having seen the newspaper before.
Whitley, overhearing the response from a distance, wondered if Dalton had simply decided to stop hiding the truth.
"There's a Youth Daily at Serenity Hotel. You might have missed it last time. I suppose most people do," Dalton explained calmly.
Wynter recalled the peculiar hotel, which was said to have been established a century ago. Given the timing, it was likely that the hotel might retain remnants of the past. But there was no reason for the hotel hold onto an inconsequential newspaper.
Seeing Wynter's confusion, Dalton realized he had unintentionally misled her. He inadvertently glanced at Whitley, who hung his head and moved closer to Wynter. Unaware of the subtle exchange between them, Wyntre remained focused on the newspaper in her hand.
As she flipped through the newspaper, she stumbled upon a local news story. In those days, newspapers rarely featured pictures with their articles. Yet, they dedicated an entire section to reporting a story that would be deemed scandalous by modern standards.
It was about a bank robbery, though the picture featured was completely unrelated. But wait, that picture... Wynter raised an eyebrow. She doubted it was a coincidence that Serenity Hotel appeared in the picture. Even stranger was that the number 1978 was printed on it. But try as she might, Wynter just couldn't piece together the connection.
Just then, Wynter halted in her tracks as she recalled the hotel's characteristics. Considering it hosted auctions, it might also offer mortgage or safekeeping services. In those days, such practices were quite common.
At that thought, Wynter decided to visit Serenity Hotel for further investigation.
Noah, who intended to see her off, couldn't help frowning upon learning her plan. He explained, "Serenity Hotel's owner is rather eccentric. When he's annoyed, he doesn't care who he offends.
"No one knows what could be driving him to stir up troubles for others. He's respectful toward the Whitman family, but beyond that, he's all about profit.
"He doesn't like being disturbed. Throughout the years, the Chamber of Commerce occasionally extended offers to him, but he always turned them down."
"Indeed, he's not a simple man. If you're set on going, I'll come with you," Taylor offered.
"It's alright, Uncle Taylor. I've got some personal matters to take care of." Wynter turned down the offer.
She hadn't sensed the peculiarities that her uncles mentioned during her last visit to Serenity Hotel. Rather, she had felt a strange sense of familiarity.
Since she would be heading there anyway, she figured she would try to recollect her memories during the investigation.
At that moment, Cyrus came over and asked, "Are you really going to that hotel, Wynter?"
Puzzled by his troubled expression, Wynter inquired, "Yeah. What's about it?"
Cyrus whispered, "The hotel is usually normal, and most people rent it out for events. But no one ever goes there by themselves.
"You're planning
meet the owner, aren't you? Before I came back, my old buddies once mentioned that the third floor-where the owner stays-is completely off-limits.
"One of them has a childhood friend who used to work as a bartender there, and he said the owner sleeps in a coffin! How terrifying!"
Wynter wasn't particularly interested until she heard Cyrus' account. Her lips curled up into a smirk. "They say
sleeping in a coffin can bring good fortune. Now I'm even more curious to visit the hotel."
Cyrus was left speechless, feeling that Wynter wasn't like most people. While he had been completely terrified when he first heard of the rumors, she saw it as a symbol of extreme luck.
Dalton sat beside Wynter with a stoic face, but he suddenly turned at her next words.
"I heard that Serenity Hotel's owner is rather handsome, and he sleeps in the coffin. How cool is that?"
"Oh, really? And where did you hear that?" Dalton smirked. His hand, while holding the cup, was aesthetically pleasing.
Alas, Wynter tended to be thoughtless in certain aspects. "Everyone says so! Rumors claim he's handsome and rich.
Cyrus nodded in agreement. "My friend said the owner is known for wearing handmade, tailored suits from Chalam Street. He won't even consider any other brands. And he has a pretty good figure, too."
"All the more reason to visit. There's no way I'll miss the chance to meet a handsome man," Wynter said, folding the newspaper with a beaming smile.
She wondered what kind of monster had developed intelligence and decided to sound them out, hoping to uncover their intentions in guarding the hotel.
After all, Gordon wouldn't have left something important in any random place. Could he have trusted the hotel more than the Chamber of Commerce?
While Wynter mulled over Gordon's wishes, Dalton was thinking about pummeling a certain someone back to his true form and sending him straight to where he came from.
At Serenity Hotel, Gail was lying in the coffin scattered with rose petals when he suddenly let out a sneeze. Seeing that, Samiyah frowned and asked, "Are you sick, Boss?"
"I've told you to not call me that," Gail reminded her sternly.
"Sorry, it's a force of habit." Samiyah gently tapped her lips. Now that Dalton had returned, Gail was no longer the boss.
Picking up a rose petal from the coffin, Gail wondered how he could possibly get sick. It seemed absurd-after all, he wasn't even human. Little did he know that a storm was heading his way.
Dalton had been bothered by Wynter's past tendency of gathering handsome men. And as part of her "collections ", he was certainly not in the best mood.
Back in Serenity Hotel, a staff member came to report. "Someone's looking for you, Mr. Gilmore."
Hearing that, Gail tightened his grip on his trenchcoat. "I thought we'd announced that we're not open for any businesses or auctions right now."
With Dalton's return, they had decided to solely focus on his recovery. The energy surrounding the hotel was ideal
for that.
"That's what I told the visitors, but they insisted," the staff member replied.
Gail gave an angry chuckle. "Well, I'd like to see the unlucky fellow who decides to barge in his time."
Having taught several scions a lesson in the past, he believed that the visitors had come flaunting their connections with the new higher-ups to stir troubles. With a flick of his wrist, he slipped on his signet ring and made his way to the lobby.
As he descended the stairs, Gail toyed with his ring and chuckled to himself. "No matter where you're from, your parents should've warned you not to step into Hawford's Serenity Hotel without thinking twice."
With that, Gail lifted his gaze but was stunned to see Wynter. Though he quickly regained his composure, he nearly collapsed on the stairs upon noticing the figure beside her. He could barely get a sentence out, let alone fiddle with
his ring.
"W-What are you standing there for? Serve the guests some tea!" he stammered.
The martial artists stationed nearby were baffled by Gail's unusual reaction. They were never asked to serve any scions a cup of tea. While they recognized Wynter's recent efforts, Gail had never been one for such pleasantries.
Gail hurried downstairs and ordered, "Tell the chef to prepare some vegetarian dishes, but make sure they aren't too oily."
The hotel personnel were bewildered, knowing well that Gail was a meat lover. Amidst the dumbfounded crowd, only Samiyah understood Gail's apprehension and instructed the hotel personnel to follow his order. After all, their boss, Dalton, had arrived with his wife.
Sharp as ever, Wynter felt something was amiss and arched an eyebrow. "That's not how I was received the other day."
Gail glanced at Dalton before swiftly coming up with an excuse. "Everyone knows what you've done in Hawford recently, Ms. Quinnell. I must say, I'm truly impressed by your remarkable temperament, especially for your age." Hearing that, Wynter giggled and whispered to Dalton, "The owner seems amiable. It looks like the rumors were exaggerated. He's quite handsome too, don't you think?"
Instead of discussing with Wynter, Dalton fixed his gaze on the uneasy Gail. "My fiancée has complimented your looks. I agree, you do have a charming face."
Gail was shocked-he had no idea what Dalton was insinuating. More importantly, there was no hint of a smile in Dalton's eyes. Rather, that gaze suggested he might be eliminated for the sake of world peace.
Wynter didn't expect Dalton to voice her thoughts aloud. She scratched her nose awkwardly. "It sounds weird
when you put it like that."
Dalton gave a soft smile. "Is that so? I'm just extending my appreciation in your stead."
Gail immediately realized something and blurted out, "I don't need your wife's appreciation, sir!"
Wynter appeared bewildered by his words, and he hurriedly explained, "Actually, I have a girlfriend, and I still
can't forget my first love. So, I'm definitely not interested in another woman."
Wynter stared at Gail with a frown, though she refrained from saying anything. She couldn't help but doubt that someone or a monster-like him could properly care for Gordon's belongings.
"You're overthinking it. I'm not interested in monsters," Wynter interjected, cutting off Gail's dramatic
explanation.
He shot a glance at Dalton before heaving a sigh of relief. Wynter should've said that sooner. Couldn't she see the murderous look Dalton gave him?
Clearing his throat, Gail asked respectfully, "May I ask what brings you here today, Ms. Quinnell?" While the hotel personnel were taken aback by his respectful tone, Samiyah knew the reason behind it. Without hesitation, Wynter looked at Gail and inquired, "Did Grandpa Gordon entrust something to you?" Gail's expression turned serious as he affirmed, "Mr. Gordon did leave a relic with us for safekeeping." Back then, Dalton was the one who accepted the request. He should've known more about it than anyone else. Meeting Gail's gaze, Dalton gave a subtle nod of approval.
With that confirmation, Gail continued with a smile, "I suppose you're here to retrieve the relic, Ms. Quinnell.
"However, Mr. Gordon has instructed that the relic cannot be transferred unless both the relevant proof and secret code are presented-even if you're the Quinnell family's descendant."
The mention of the two requirements sparked a realization in Wynter's mind, and she handed the Youth Daily over. Gail hadn't expected her to find the newspaper. "To think you're able to find something so old. It must be fate.
Now I understand why my master remarked the relic Mr. Gordon left in our hotel would eventually find its true
owner."
"Your master?" Wynter repeated as her eyebrow raised.
Gail regretted running his mouth and peeked at Dalton. Upon seeing the latter remained unfazed, he breathed a sigh of relief and commented, "Indeed, my master is omnipotent and has foreseen everything. There's nothing beyond his comprehension.
"That said, it's impressive that you managed to uncover this newspaper, Ms. Quinnell."
Gail gently clapped his hand, and a small compartment on the left stairway suddenly popped out. The staircase served as a treasure vault, with each compartment storing a unique treasure.
Gail retrieved an old wooden box and instructed, "Please input the secret code."
A mix of emotion stirred within Wynter, but her gaze remained steady. Once she stated the secret code, the box
opened with a soft click.
Inside the box lay a Youth Daily and a letter addressed to her, but the real treasure was the gold-eyed goldfish emblema symbol of inheritance to the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce, and the very item that Cleo
had been searching for.
It appeared that Gordon had mentioned Colifernia in the letter. But before Wynter could read through it, she received news that a member of the Special Unit had gone missing.
It was a grave situation, prompting Wynter and Dalton to rush back and gather their things. Before they left for the airport, Marie gently caressed Wynter's face and said, "Be careful out there. If things go wrong, you can always come home. Your family will be waiting. You're not alone."
"Don't worry about the rest in Hawford as we'll take care of that. Call us if you need anything," Noah added. Taylor nodded in agreement, expressing their full support for Wynter.
Wynter looked at her family and assured them, "Don't worry, guys. I'm Wynter Quinnell-there's nothing I can't
handle. Besides, I've got the Yarwood family's head by my side."
Instantly, the three elders turned to Dalton.
"You'd better take good care of Sevie and make sure she doesn't get a scratch. Otherwise, I'll be coming for you!"
Taylor threatened.
"I'll leave Sevie in your care, Dalton. Make sure she takes her meals and doesn't overwork herself," Marie added.
"What they said. As long as you understand," Noah stated.
Dalton gave a faint smile. "Rest assured. She'll be safe under my watch."
As soon as the conversation ended, Wynter swiftly climbed into the car. Seeing that, Dalton bid farewell to the
elders before following suit.
"You should head inside, Mom. I've prescribed some new medicines for Grandpa. He needs to take them daily to
get his health back on track.
"By the way, I heard you've been closer to Mr. Luce. I'm rooting for you!" Wynter grinned at Marie before
gesturing to the driver to head to the airport.
Little did she know, someone from a distance had been observing the events outside the Whitman residence
discreetly through a pair of binoculars.
When the car drove away, they took out their phone and dialed a number. "Wynter Quinnell and Dalton Yarwood
are on their way to the airport. They'll probably arrive by noon."
A baritone voice replied from the other end, "Got it. Come to Colifernia. Hawford is no longer of any use."
The call then ended abruptly.
###chapter1696
Chapter 1696 001's Return
Edward, having hidden away from the world for days, now wore a twisted expression. The web of schemes he had once woven within Hawford had now come to nothing.
Everything had been prepared. The perfect vessel had been chosen for his lord's descent, and the medium had set up the Wraithlord Transformation Formation. Yet, it was all ruined by Lucas and the Quinnell family.
Edward couldn't help but wonder when his associates in Kingbourne had stalled on their tasks. Instead of pulling the Kellers down, Lucas had risen to greater heights in just a year.
And when had Jackson returned to Kingbourne? He was shot years ago, so he shouldn't have survived from such injuries.
Little did Edward know that his postulation would have been accurate if not for Wynter's intervention.
Jackson would've succumbed to his injuries that winter instead of returning to Kingbourne. But Wynter saved him, a man of selflessness who thought only of his country and its people. Not only did she restore his health, but she also changed his perspective.
Hence, Jackson returned to Kingbourne and took Lucas under his wing. After all, Lucas tended to offend others with his brash personality, especially now that he had interfered in educational affairs.
Ultimately, it was Jackson's support that allowed Lucas to stand firm in his pursuit of justice. Of course, Wynter played a crucial role in it.
No one expected 001 to return. Several enemies went rogue upon catching wind of her disappearance, having confirmed the rumors through their audacious deeds.
However, everything changed when the numbers in the confidential documents took the form of a real person. The long-dormant Special Unit reawakened to fulfill its original purpose.
Despite fleeing Hawford, Edward still had no idea that Wynter was the Special Unit's rumored leader. What he also didn't know was that those who encountered her in such circumstances were all imprisoned, exactly as she had planned.
As Wynter expected, the Ministry of Education's several directors had attempted to sweep the issue under the rug. However, the tides had turned once they met Wynter.
With all things considered, the higher-ups were unlikely to release them any time soon, especially since the report came directly from 001 herself.
On the other hand, Jackson had learned of Wynter's identity long before Lucas did. Given his position, he had immediately accessed the internal files upon his return to Kingbourne.
Considering the matter's sensitive nature, he wasn't about to share her details with just anyone-not even Lucas.
"Mr. Munn Senior, is it true, as oo1 claimed, that Colifernia is about to face a large-scale virus outbreak?" someone beside Jackson asked. They were currently in a meeting solely reserved for the selected few.
In truth, the individual didn't inquire out of doubt. If the report proved true, they would need to initiate
quarantine measures without delay. Whether past or present, the plague remained a deadly threat to the citizens. Glancing at the stamped letter, Jackson understood Wynter's intention.
###chapter1697
Chapter 1697 Arriving in Colifernia
Wynter decided against sending a digital mail to avoid leaving any traces. Besides, no one would think twice about a letter addressed to Jackson.
Based on that, two things could be inferred Wynter doubted the authorities were entirely trustworthy, and the issue was far too grave to ignore.
Jackson stated, "From what I understand of 001, there's a 90 percent chance this is happening. 001 is heading to Colifernia as we speak. The Special Unit member's disappearance shouldn't only concern them we should be cautious as well.
"Geoffrey, check the customs entry again focus on Colifernia this time. There's got to be something there since the member disappeared in that city,"
Standing nearby, Geoffrey Lipton gave a formal salute and responded to Jackson's command.
As Jackson studied the map, he continued, "There must be another reason they chose Colifernia."
The others in the meeting shared the same growing concern about the impending pandemic.
A scientist spoke up. "The problem is, we don't know where the virus originated. In typical outbreaks, we'd see widespread medical reports. I've checked the records for Colifernia, but there's nothing unusual."
"Exactly. The virus could invade in many ways-humans, animals, and even the soil. Right now, we have no idea how it's spreading or evolving," another chimed in.
Hearing that, Jackson calmly instructed, "Send a squad to assist in secret. Also, reach out to Mt. Dragon and find Mr. Stavius as mentioned in 001's letter."
The room resounded with confirmation of his command. Jackson was determined to provide Wynter any support he could in Colifernia. The pandemic must be contained, or it would bring devastation to both Cascadia and its people.
In the face of life or death, everything else seemed insignificant. Jackson resolutely refused to stand by and watch families get torn apart.
Meanwhile, Wynter and Dalton arrived at Colifernia after a short nap on the plane.
As they collected their luggage, they noticed several employees from Yarwood Group waiting at the gate. It was such an imposing sight that, had they not known better, they would've thought a magnate was being welcomed. Wynter glanced at Dalton and teased, "What an impressive sight. As expected of Mr. Yarwood."
Dressed in a sleek suit, Dalton seemed completely unruffled by the flight, carrying himself with an air of elegance and sophistication. As Wynter looked at him, she couldn't help but feel like a penniless youngster in comparison. Dalton naturally held her hand and replied, "It's not me who's impressive-it's you, my lady. Grandpa happened to be in Colifernia. When he heard you're coming, he practically mobilized the entire employees to welcome us." Catching Dalton's implication, the area manager quickly greeted, "Exactly. Mr. Yarwood Senior has sent us with a few questions, Mrs. Yarwood. What's your meal preference? Are there any places you'd like to visit in Colifernia? How about a candlelight dinner?
"Mr. Yarwood Senior mentioned that Boss isn't particularly experienced in such matters, so he thought it's best to personally handle the arrangements rather than leaving Boss to it."
The area manager continued, "Do any of the buildings here appeal to you? You can always purchase it for your stay -with Boss' credit card, of course. Don't worry about the money. He's supposed to cover all your expenses anyway.
|
Hearing that, both Wynter and Dalton turned to the area manager. The latter stood straight and cleared his throat, explaining, "That's what Mr. Yarwood Senior said."
Instead of inspecting the managers as usual, Dalton seemed to be in good spirits. With a slight tilt of his head and a faint smile, he exuded a different kind of charm.
###chapter1698
Chapter 1698 Love Changes Even Dalton
The onlookers breathed a collective sigh of relief. Sure enough, what Theo said was true-Dalton was incredibly approachable when Wynter was around.
This discovery sparked new ideas among them. Perhaps they could wait for her presence before bringing up difficult projects in the future.
Wynter had no idea what they were thinking, though she could sense their gratitude.
Nevertheless, these people were all blessed with fortunes of wealth, and she just happened to be able to siphon a bit of their luck. However...
"I'm here for serious business, and one of my team members is currently missing. I really don't have the luxury to visit Mr. Yarwood Senior right now," Wynter said firmly.
Her mind was consumed by the thought of her missing member. After retrieving Gordon's relics from Serenity Hotel, her urgency to unravel the mystery only deepened.
That member must have discovered something significant to go missing like this. Moreover, every member of the Special Unit possessed unique skills, which meant capturing them wouldn't be easy. Even in the face of danger, they would typically leave traces on the dark web.
However, even Wolf couldn't find a clue. This meant that her team member had been taken without so much as a chance to react. This was highly unusual-unless that member had encountered someone far beyond ordinary.
The deeper Wynter thought about it, the darker her gaze grew.
Dalton could see the worry in her eyes. Still holding her hand, he spoke in a calm, measured tone. "That's precisely why you should meet Grandpa.
"You're here to find your member, and the matter you're investigating is far from ordinary. What could justify both of us coming to Colifernia together without a clear reason?"
Dalton looked down at Wynter, his eyes darkening. "Unless it's for our wedding.
"We'll say we are here to discuss the ceremony-how to plan the banquet and the wedding gift. Unless, of course, you plan to tell everyone that you knew about an impending pandemic and came here to investigate."
Wynter's lips curved into a smirk. "Luckily for me, you're not an enemy. Otherwise, I wouldn't know how to handle you."
He was too sharp, making him difficult to deal with. From the very first time she'd been forced to abandon her laptop while being pursued, she knew Dalton was not one to underestimate.
Back in Hawford, when she had been detained, he had demonstrated this particular trait as well-making her captors utterly frustrated.
"Get in touch with your people stationed here in Colifernia," Dalton said, his tone as calm as ever. "Have them gather near Yarwoods' Manor. Whoever you meet next won't raise suspicions."
"You're a genius!" Wynter couldn't help but reach out to pinch Dalton's ridiculously handsome face.
At this moment, the senior executives stationed in Colifernia collectively held their breath, not daring to utter a single word. None of them had expected that Dalton, upon entering a relationship, would turn out to be this kind of person.
It certainly didn't seem like Wynter was the one pursuing him. If anything, Dalton resembled a pampered man- except for his overwhelming presence that was just too strong to fully sell the image.
For someone like Dalton, certain things had become second nature, especially now that all the fragments of his soul had unified.
After all, in countless lifetimes, he had been pampered like this before. Back then, she'd said the same thing that she didn't want him as her enemy.
Liar. In the end, didn't she still decide she couldn't stand the sight of him anymore?
But this time, things were different. He wasn't going to let her develop those messy habits again.
Wynter, as usual, kept the way of communicating with her people simple. Once inside the car, she logged into the dark web.
###chapter1699
Chapter 1699 Willowbrook Medical Center
In the Special Unit, a simple word "spirit"--was all it took for an emergency summoning,
Within moments, replies came streaming in.
"Boss, you're finally here! Do you know how sick I am of these restaurants? Sure, their food is delicious, but three of the same meals a day, every day? I'm used to spicy food! I'm gonna puke!"
Wynter had always said that they needed to adapt to the local environment, cultural customs, and dining habits no matter where they went. The closer they aligned themselves, the better they could blend in and remain unnoticed. Another member chimed in, "At least you have food to eat. Stop whining."
That single line was enough to silence him. After all, something others thought was too expensive was very affordable to others, creating a stark contrast.
Dalton informed Wynter that he would visit the Yarwood family's old acquaintances before walking toward a Rolls Royce Cullinan.
Wynter didn't find this unusual. She very quickly turned her focus back to her Special Unit members to get an update on the situation.
"We've kept a close eye on the hospitals as you've instructed. There's nothing out of the ordinary there, but recently, there's been an exhibition and a large event coming up related to some discussions regarding the Arcane Way.
"It's getting close, and people from various countries have been arriving. This time, there are a lot of foreign soldiers-all top-tier elites. We haven't been keeping an eye on them too closely to avoid causing any diplomatic issues."
Wynter's eyes narrowed slightly. If the pandemic really was about to happen, the enemies hidden in Cascadia would likely start to make their move-this was the only opportunity they'd have to openly make contact.
But from their reactions, it was clear they didn't know that Lupius had gone missing. So, she didn't hide anything from them and explained the current situation.
There was a brief pause before they responded.
"Does that mean the pandemic might actually happen?" one of them asked.
Otherwise, Lupius wouldn't have disappeared.
Wynter nodded. "Exactly. That's why we need to be even more careful. There are many large events in Colifernia, and I don't know where things might go wrong. You all need to stay alert and ensure your own safety."
She then looked up, determination in her eyes. "Meanwhile, I'll investigate the place where Lupius went missing."
Willowbrook Medical Center, a hospital in Colifernia, had previously been quite empty. However, it became crowded after the director and leadership were replaced by foreigners.
Every day, many patients lined up to see doctors, get medication, and undergo surgeries. People found this strange, and it led many to believe that modern medicine was the best-boasting advanced equipment and skilled techniques.
However, no one knew what was really going on behind the scenes at the hospital. Nevertheless, nurses went about their usual routine, ignorant of the horror happening within the center.
Caroline Patterz, a nurse at Willowbrook Medical Center, was on her night shift, making her usual rounds to check on patients and ensure everything was running smoothly.
As she passed the pharmacy, she noticed the lights still on inside. Thinking someone had simply forgotten to turn them off, she pushed the door open.
But to her surprise, she found a hidden passage behind the medicine cabinet. Having worked here for years, she had never heard of any secret passages in the pharmacy. Her curiosity piqued, and she slowly stepped in.
As she cautiously peered into the dark passage, she saw many animals caged, but what truly horrified her were the figures in hospital gowns human shapes, trapped in the same cages. Her blood ran cold as she realized she had stumbled into a twisted experiment.
Two foreign surgeons were engaged in conversation in broken Cascadian while dissecting a monkey's stomach." Once this is done, the whole of Cascadia will change!"
The other surgeon replied, "Yes, this will show those foolish Cascadians just how powerful we are."
Startled, Caroline accidentally knocked something over, making a noise.
One of the surgeons reacted instantly, his gaze shifting toward her direction. "Caroline, what are you doing here?"
He began walking toward her. Terrified, Caroline turned and ran, losing a shoe in the process. She burst out of the hidden passage and shouted for help, "Someone is doing live"
But before she could finish her sentence, the man grabbed her from behind, covered her mouth, and began dragging her back into the passage.
###chapter1700
Chapter 1700 Theo's Granddaughter-In-Law
In the nearby patient ward, someone faintly heard Caroline's shout but dismissed it.
As soon Caroline was dragged back into the hidden passage, the door shut tightly behind her.
The foreign doctor released his grip on her. "Why couldn't you just do your job and stay at your station? You just had to come to the pharmacy, huh? You Cascadians are really too curious for your own good."
He grabbed a syringe from a nearby tray and walked toward her. "But since you're here, I'll give you a front-row seat to experience our experiments' results. Foolish Cascadians!" He laughed maniacally.
Caroline trembled, her face pale with terror.
It would have at least been worth it even if she got caught after she had shouted a couple more words to raise an alarm. But now, not only had she been captured, but she hadn't managed to warn anyone. She felt utterly helpless, a lamb trapped in the wolf's den.
Meanwhile, Wynter was in Colifernia to "meet Dalton's family".
Theo had chosen a renowned local banquet hall for the occasion. The place was famous for its desserts, which often required long queues t reserve a table.
Colifernia had always been a place full of charm, with a strong emphasis on its culinary culture. The meticulously crafted desserts resembled works of art, enriching the locals' everyday lives.
A pot of tea, paired with dishes like shrimp croquettes, lobster ravioli, empanaditas, and black pepper glazed short ribs, could make for a leisurely morning filled with conversation.
Aside from that, there were the meat pies with their rich blend of cheese and butter flavors. One bite of it was enough to leave a lingering aroma in your mouth, bringing immense satisfaction. Pair it all with a warm cup of tea, and it would feel like a heavenly experience.
The place was steeped in the warmth of everyday life. With its long history, the decor largely retained its original look. The staff was quick and efficient, and despite its grandeur, the atmosphere was welcoming and unpretentious.
It was in this setting that Theo had arranged to meet Wynter. If not for the row of bodyguards standing conspicuously behind him, his identity might have remained discreet.
However, Theo ensured that he didn't disturb the other diners. After all, he owned this business. He had merely cleared out an area for the occasion, turning it into a private family gathering.
As soon
Wynter entered, Theo stood up with a warm smile. "Wynter, we meet again."
Wynter chuckled softly. "You seem even healthier than the last time I saw you."
Theo found Wynter more pleasing the longer he looked at her. "With a diagnosis like that from you, I won't need to waste money on any health supplements anymore. Come, sit down and try the crispy pork empanadas!"
He busily ushered her to the table, completely ignoring Dalton. "Don't bother serving him anything he comes here often enough to know his way around."
Dalton, ever poised, glanced to the side with a faint smile. "I'm starting to feel like I'm not even part of the family anymore."
Theo gave him a dry smile. "Take a good look at yourself-how long have you been chasing after your wife? The rumors about you not understanding romance aren't entirely wrong. You're like an ice block!"
Bombarded with unprovoked criticism, Dalton elegantly wiped the corner of his mouth, his demeanor flawless." I've done my best. It's just that someone's heart isn't entirely with me yet."
Hearing this, Wynter lifted her gaze. "I didn't say that..."
Dalton leaned back lazily. "I know. You're busy, I'm just further
your priority list."
Theo finally understood why Dalton struggled to win her over. With that tone of his, no wonder it had taken so long. If not for his good looks, forget about wooing anyone-he'd probably have been punched already.
It was fortunate for Dalton. After all, Theo had heard that Wynter seemed to fancy his face most of all.
"You really don't hold a candle to Wynter in other areas," Theo remarked, shaking his head. "If I were her, I'd keep you at the bottom of my list, too."
Dalton sighed dramatically, placing a shrimp croquette on Wynter's plate, "Grandpa, whose side are you on, exactly?"
Theo felt maybe he was pushing it too much and cleared his throat, regaining his usual composure before his gaze landed on Wynter. "Wynter, you should know why I asked to meet here."
"I know, Mr. Yarwood Senior. I really appreciate your help. I indeed came here to conduct some investigations," Wynter replied.
Wynter appeared to be eating. However, in reality, she was carefully observing her surroundings. After all, this was near where Lupius had disappeared.
Theo lowered his voice. "If there's anything you can't handle openly, come to me. The business scene in Colifernia is different from that in Hawford and completely contrasts with Kingbourne. It's close to Havenia, so many merchants come here. There are also a lot of foreign companies."
Wynter understood his implication. "Don't worry. I'll keep an eye on the Chamber of Commerce here."
The items Gordon had entrusted to her were likely related to the Chamber of Commerce. But she had more urgent matters to attend to in Colifernia. Hence, she decided to hold off on the chamber for now.
"Mr. Yarwood Senior, you've been in Colifernia for a long time. Have you heard of any strange happenings, particularly regarding diseases?" Wynter asked.
Theo shook his head. "I haven't heard anything like that, but recently, the discourse regarding the Arcane Way has been quite popular. Many people are going to see if their fortune is good. They say it's pretty accurate."
"Yes. After all, people from various countries in the Arcane way community are here. It's a rare event," Wynter said with a smile.
Her emotions were tangled inside. The more this happened, the easier it was for people to blend in, and it made hiding even more convenient. Of course, this was merely her speculation.
Theo pondered for a moment. "Now that you mentioned it, there's something strange I've noticed."
Wynter lifted her gaze. "What is it?"
Theo glanced to the side.
A manager, Franco Klawf, walked forward. "At the Arcane Way Forum, Mr. Yarwood Senior encountered a cultivator who said that although he has a fate of great wealth and power, he is prone
than him.
send off someone younger
"That's when Mr. Yarwood Senior thought of..." Francor said, glancing at Dalton, but not daring to continue the sentence. "That person seemed like a scammer. But when we sent someone to find him later, we couldn't locate him at all."
Dalton's voice was calm. "Don't worry about it."
Wynter didn't quite agree with Dalton. "To approach Mr. Yarwood Senior like that, he must either know his identity or had truly predicted something."
"Huh?" Franco was confused.
Wynter was straightforward. "He came for Dalton. But don't worry, Mr. Yarwood Senior. There's no need to be concerned. With me around, he'll be fine and live a long life."
Right after becoming friends with Dalton, Wynter had bound her fate to his. She couldn't keep borrowing his fortune without giving something back t only seemed right to share in his personal burdens.
Dalton wiped Wynter's mouth with a napkin and smiled slightly at Theo. "Grandpa, she's right. As long as she's here, I'll be fine."
Not long ago, Theo had been anxious and restless. He was unable to sleep well, plagued by nightmares. But now, Dalton's state was visibly much better compared to before.
He looked at Wynter with gratitude. "Wynter, if it weren't for you, this kid wouldn't be able to live like a normal person. I can't thank you enough."
What people outside didn't know was that Wynter was a life-saving grace for the Yarwood family.
"Franco, go arrange for the gifts. Whatever, Mrs. Yarwood likes, buy it all," Theo instructed.
Wynter was speechless for a moment. She had thought it was a joke when Theo had mentioned buying a building, but it seemed that he wasn't joking at all. He really was going all out.
Wynter lowered her voice. "Isn't this a little too extravagant?"
Dalton poured her another cup of tea. "Since Grandpa likes it, just treat it as making him happy. Besides, if you
don't accept it, how would we convince the people watching us?"
Wynter took a sip of tea. "True, but I remember the Yarwood family has always been in Sorzada City. How do you guys have so much land and property in Colifernia?"
She was well aware of how carefree and wealthy Colifernia's landlords could be.
As the saying goes, in Colifernia, you might see someone in flip-flops and baggy shorts, looking completely disheveled. However, with a casual wave of their hand, they'd reveal keys to over a dozen apartments-and they'd probably be driving a Ferrari.
Most of the time, though, these were local residents. Families like the Dalton family were a rare sight.
Theo was still busy arranging matters, practically transferring everything he could to Wynter's name. Wynter was about to stop him when Dalton held her hand in place. "This is nothing to Grandpa. He also owns plenty in Halsbury. He came here before the reforms and just happened to like it here, so he bought a lot of land." Before the reforms? Even Wynter couldn't help but widen her eyes at this revelation.
"Did he really buy it this casually?" Wynter asked in disbelief.
Dalton nodded. "Yes. It was cheap back then."
It wasn't just cheap back then. Before the reforms, Halsbury was just a small fishing village.
The Yarwood family's fortune whether in luck or foresight-was enviable, to say the least. No wonder they'd
produced a descendant like Dalton, radiating purple energy. It was as if he was heaven's chosen one.
At the thought of this, Wynter couldn't help but glance at Dalton a couple more times.
Dalton raised an eyebrow. "What? Is there something on my face?"
Wynter lowered her voice. "No, I was just imagining the scene when you were born. Were you purple in color? No,
wait, maybe you were golden."
Dalton's gaze remained calm, choosing not to respond. He didn't know what his appearance was like when he was born, but he did know hers.
A long time ago, whenever there was even the slightest chance of her returning, he would go see her. Most of the time, it ended in disappointment—until this time.
Seeing his silence, Wynter asked, "What are thinking about? Grandpa's talking to you."
Dalton withdrew his gaze. "Nothing. I was just reminiscing."
Wynter stood up. "I've checked. Taking the path behind the restaurant is the quickest to our destination. I'll say
goodbye to Grandpa, and we'll head down now."
Naturally, Theo fully cooperated with their plan. After all, his role was to provide cover for them.
With the area secured, no one outside had any idea what was happening inside.
Before long, Wynter and Dalton exited through the restaurant's back door.
Walking forward, they arrived at the spot where Lupius had disappeared. A taxi stood parked by the roadside, but
there were no surveillance cameras nearby.
Wynter narrowed her eyes. After Lupius' disappearance, the Special Unit had examined the area, only to find all traces in the car erased. It was as if it were a brand-new vehicle, fully equipped if not for the missing dashcam.
Dalton glanced at the scene. "This isn't just any ordinary opponent. To abduct one of your people without any signs of resistance is no small feat."
Just as Wynter was about to explain something, a delivery cart rolled past them. "Excuse me, please let me through," said the man pushing it.
It seemed like an ordinary encounter, but as they brushed past each other, Wynter suddenly sensed something unusual. She couldn't quite pinpoint it-perhaps it was the smell.
She activated her spiritual sight, but it revealed nothing suspicious about the man.
"Excuse me, sir. Could you wait a moment?" Wynter called out.
She had a hunch that Lupius wouldn't have vanished at random. He must have discovered something around this
location.
The delivery man halted, frowning. "What's the matter, miss? The restaurant is waiting for their food."
His accent clearly marked him as a local.
Wynter, aware she might be interrupting his work, politely said, "Sorry for the inconvenience. I just wanted to ask
where you're delivering this from. Why are you delivering food with a pushcart?"
"Not a local, are you? Our stall isn't far from here. Just keep going ahead-there's a market over there," the man
replied impatiently.
A market? Was it a farmer's market?
Wynter's eyes narrowed as she recalled Lupius' investigative habits.
"Thank you, sir," Wynter said.
Wynter subtly bestowed some luck onto him after showing her gratitude.
The man wasn't a bad person. He waved at them before continuing on his way. However, Wynter's unease grew. The luck she transferred to him didn't seem to take effect. This was highly
unusual!
Beside her, Dalton raised an eyebrow ever so slightly, his movement small and imperceptible in the shadows. Hence, it was no wonder that Wynter didn't notice his reaction. Following the food delivery man's directions, Wynter and Dalton arrived at the farmers' market.
The market was alive with activity, like a miniature world contained within its bustling aisles. Stalls were overflowing with fresh produce, their vivid colors creating a feast for the eyes. Bright green vegetables
gleamed with freshness, and fruit stands were vibrant with apples, bananas, grapes, and plump watermelons, all
seemingly calling out to passing shoppers.
Nearby, tanks of fish and shrimp swarmed energetically. Stall owners deftly scooped them up, weighed them, and
packaged them with practiced ease. The air buzzed with the bartering customers' chatter and the stall owners' rhythmic calls promoting their wares.
Everything here seemed perfectly normal. Yet, Wynter couldn't shake a sense of unease. There was an inexplicable energy-a faint undercurrent she couldn't quite identify.
As she strolled through the market, her eyes caught on a glint of gold-a single strand of golden hair, lying
incongruously on the ground. Why were there foreigners in a local market?
She decided not to overthink it, placed the strand of hair into a small bag, and sent it off for DNA testing. After
arranging for the investigation, Wynter had Wolf send over the surveillance footage.
As she reviewed it, the video showed Lupius driving his car, only to vanish after passing through a certain point.
The vehicle reappeared later in a different location, but there was no useful information to explain the gap.
To Wynter, Lupius was someone highly reliable-skilled, discreet, and cautious. He wasn't the type to attract unnecessary attention. Yet, it was also he who had disappeared mysteriously.
Just then, the test results for the strand of golden hair were sent back to her. "The DNA doesn't match any records.
Wynter immediately understood the situation-Lupius had discovered something but was noticed by the enemy. Her expression remained eerily calm, but inside, it was as if a raging tiger was ready leap out. She swiftly logged onto the dark web and sent a message.
"Prepare for battle at any moment. The enemy this time is likely aiming to start a pandemic. I'll bring Lupius back,
no matter what. Protect yourselves. Those who threaten our nation will face justice!"
"Yes, Boss!"
"Fighting alongside you is the best! This has me all fired up already!"
She immediately pulled out her phone and dialed a number. After a single beep, a voice came through on the other
end. "Oh? Is this my lovely Ms. Quinnell?"
Wynter responded curtly, "Yes. I need your help with something. Trace the DNA from a strand of hair and identify
its owner. I believe you can manage that."
The person on the other end chuckled. "Ms. Quinnell, it is my lifelong honor to be of service to you. If not for you,
I wouldn't have achieved what I have today."
"Enough with the pleasantries. I don't know which nationality this person belongs to, so I'll need you screen
recent foreign arrivals into the country," Wynter responded.
The voice paused briefly before replying, "That's quite a challenge, but I will do everything in my power to resolve
this for you. I will make sure to do this quickly and won't disappoint you." Dalton, standing at the side, only spoke up after Wynter hung up. "My lovely Ms. Quinnell? It seems that the esteemed Mrs. Yarwood still holds unparalleled charm."
###chapter1701
Chapter 1701 The Mystery of the Farmers' Market
Wynter slipped her phone back into her pocket, her gaze shifting to Dalton. "I'm his savior. Back when he was abroad, I saved him when he nearly lost his life. Besides, he's highly capable and is the best choice for investigating this matter."
Dalton nodded thoughtfully. "His savior, huh? Mrs. Yarwood really does cover all bases. Looks like I'd better follow Grandpa's advice and marry you soon-maybe even move into your place. Otherwise, who knows how many more 'my lovely Ms. Quinnell's' will pop up in the future?"
Wynter shot him a glare but suddenly remembered something.
She immediately instructed her team pull surveillance footage from the farmers' market and look for anyone who had been visiting regularly to buy large quantities of groceries.
These tasks were originally meant for Wolf to handle. However, to expedite the search for anyone connected to the Winston family, Wynter decided to have him stick close to Logan instead. She had a lingering sense of unease that his troubles weren't over yet.
As for the farmers' market, it needed a thorough investigation. Wynter didn't believe a foreigner would casually spend their time wandering there. There had to be a reason.
She quickly issued another order. "Monitor the farmers' market closely. Report anything suspicious immediately." After giving her instructions, Wynter walked a few steps further into the market. Pretending to be a shopper, she approached a vendor and asked, "Miss, have you noticed any foreigners shopping here recently? Do you recall seeing anyone like that?"
The vendor, busy with customers, waved her off dismissively. "No, none at all."
Just then, Wynter froze-not because of the vendor she was speaking to, but because of a nearby stall. The items being sold there weren't the usual produce you'd find in other cities or on the market. These were unique to the area-all unmistakably wild animals. There were snakes, bamboo rats, otters, and civets.
The civets stood out in particular. In regions north of the Amberflow River, they were almost unheard of as food. All these animals were crammed together in cages, many of them weak and barely alive, emitting an unpleasant odor.
The snakes, at least, were spared this indignity, kept separately in buckets of water. Yet, one snake in particular caught Wynter's attention a sleek, jet-black serpent, flicking its tongue with an air of eerie resentment.
Wynter paused, her gaze lingering on the scene.
The stall owner, Oscar Noctis, noticed her interest and immediately grew wary, yanking a cloth down to cover the cages. "Don't stare if you're not buying!"
Wynter let out a light laugh. "At a farmers' market? Of course, I'm here to buy. What's the point of hiding it now? I've already seen everything."
Oscar eyed her suspiciously. She didn't seem like a government official, more like some scion. "Oh? I didn't know pretty young ladies these days are into eating this sort of thing too."
Wynter spoke only half of the truth. "It's not for me. My dad-he's the one with the taste for it."
Oscar still didn't relax entirely. "Your accent... You don't sound local," he remarked, his gaze shifting to Dalton." And him? He looks even less like one of us. Tall, in a sharp suit... He doesn't really fit in around here."
Dalton indeed didn't belong in a place like this, and for good reason-everyone knew he was a clean freak. And he couldn't stand the odor these wild animals were emanating.
Other men might keep a cat as a conversation starter. It would be the perfect excuse to say, "Why don't you come over and see my cat?"
But Dalton? Not a chance. He couldn't even stand a cat's scent.
Back in the day, even Wolf-an Ancient Beast-wasn't spared. He had grabbed him with a handkerchief and tossed him straight into the river, commanding him to properly wash his fur.
So, it wasn't hard to imagine his current mood as he stood amidst this scene. His face, while still undeniably handsome and refined, carried a trace of distaste that deepened every time he raised an eyebrow.
If not for Wynter, it was safe to say that Dalton wouldn't have set foot here in 100 lifetimes. The odors alone were unbearable to him. And there were also the caged animals...
Dalton absentmindedly twirled the bracelet with his fingers. To him, this was the result of humanity's resentful energy.
Wynter, herself a cultivator, could sense it as well. From the moment they entered the market, something had felt off to her.
Now, as her eyes swept over the wild animals' cages, she understood the source of the unease-this place reeked of resentment. It wasn't uncommon for slaughterhouses to be hotspots of such energy, but this level of intensity was unusual.
It definitely had something to do with the black serpent.
Wynter chuckled. "My boyfriend hasn't seen these before. He is just accompanying me. Again, I'm here to buy." Oscar, noticing their obvious closeness, hesitated for a moment, glancing around nervously. "Miss, I won't hide it from you, I thought your boyfriend was here for an inspection. A while ago, the authorities came by."
He sighed before continuing, "What can we do? We're from the south. We live off the mountains and rivers, and we've had this food culture for generations. It's hard to change."
Oscar's words were not entirely wrong.
Colifernia's people were accustomed to wild animals due to both history and the region's geography. The subtropical climate, abundant trees, and waterways made it a perfect habitat for numerous animals.
But this way of eating, while deeply ingrained, also carried risks of complicated diseases.
Wynter didn't mention the resentment that seemed to hang in the air. She understood the natural world had its rules. However, humans had to survive, and nature had its own logic. One couldn't ask a tiger not to eat the rabbit as it would starve to death.
But wild animals, particularly from an ecological and medical standpoint, could be very dangerous.
Many pathogens came from wild animals, including parasites. This was why doctors advised against eating raw dishes like raw crab-if not prepared correctly, parasites could easily be transmitted to humans.
Similarly, shellfish and freshwater creatures, if not cooked properly, could carry risks. It was the same logic as not drinking water from a river.
Despite these warnings, human curiosity and appetite had never been easily stopped. In fact, Wynter had long heard stories about people in Colifernia consuming monkey brains.
Wynter lifted her gaze, her eyes falling once again on the black cloth that covered the serpent.
A sudden realization struck her. It couldn't be a coincidence that Lupius had disappeared here.
In his line of work, if anything related to viruses came up, he would definitely investigate these farmers' markets. After all, it was common knowledge that many major pandemics in history had originated from animals-whether caused by natural disasters or human actions.
Take AIDS, for example it originally spread from human contact with monkeys. Syphilis also traced its roots to foreign populations...
"Sir, I'll take that black serpent. How much is it?" Wynter spoke again.
She had already made up her mind. The wild animals here needed to be thoroughly checked.
Wynter was concerned that if there were any viruses, they might be lurking within these animals. She knew that
such a large market likely wasn't the only one selling wild animals.
Even if the authorities were regulating it, the vendors would continue selling them, especially since eating snakes was a local habit.
Oscar was surprised when he heard that Wynter wanted the black serpent. "Why this one? It's quite fierce. It almost bit me last time, but luckily, it wasn't venomous."
"It looks special," Wynter replied cryptically. "Maybe it's fate."
If Wynter wasn't mistaken, this was likely a serpent that had failed in its attempt to transform into a dragon. The intense resentment it harbored toward humans clearly indicated that something had happened.
That said, Wynter had faced threats from a similar dragon-aspiring snake before and wasn't particularly impressed by such creatures. The previous one, after causing some trouble, had eventually settled down and was now dutifully guarding its river up in Sunveil.
According to Fabian, the area had seen prosperous and stable weather ever since. Likely, it feared Wolf might swallow it whole again, so it had become more diligent than anyone else, even putting in overtime occasionally. Oscar found it odd to hear Wynter mentioning fate. "Most people buy snakes for their nutritional value. You're the first to talk about buying one because of fate.
"You're not planning to eat it, are you?" he asked while working with his stuff. "But it is pretty fierce. If you don't have much experience in handling snakes, maybe you'd like to pick another one."
Wynter smiled. "No need. I'll take this one."
Oscar nodded. "Alright, then I'll lift the lid now. Be careful."
As soon as the cover was lifted, the so-called overly aggressive serpent immediately raised its head, stretching out
its body. Its forked tongue flicked menacingly, and its fangs could faintly be seen.
Yet, by sheer coincidence, the serpent locked eyes with Dalton. In an instant, it collapsed onto the ground. If
snakes could kneel, its current posture would undoubtedly count as kneeling.
Oscar was dumbfounded, rubbing his eyes in disbelief. "Am I imagining things? Is it... trembling?"
Wynter wanted to reassure him that the serpent was indeed trembling. Even she was puzzled. She thought her cultivation had skyrocketed recently and was now so powerful that this would-be dragon could sense her extraordinary presence without her doing anything.
Pondering this, she glanced over at Dalton and quietly asked, "Is it scared of me? Am I really that impressive now?
Dalton's thin lips curved into a smile. It was obvious he was happy about something.
With a hint of mischief, he replied, "Who else could it be afraid of? Don't doubt yourself. After all, you've already subdued several malevolent spirits, and you've got an Ancient Beast by your side."
Wynter interrupted him, "I also have a Savior."
Dalton hummed in agreement. "That's why I said Dr. Genius is amazing."
Wynter was pleased. "Call me Master from now on."
Dalton was also in high spirits. "Yes, Master Quinnell."
Taking out her wallet, Wynter was ready to pay. "Sir, I'll take this serpent."
The black serpent cried out, "No! Don't sell me to these two! I'd rather stay in this shabby bucket forever!"
Unfortunately for the serpent, Oscar couldn't understand Slithernis a language spoken by snakes.
"Since you seem like a nice lady, I'll give it to you for two thousand." Then, he continued, "Make sure to disinfect
it when you get home." Wynter instinctively reached out to touch the black serpent, but Dalton stopped her hand mid-air.
"Snakes aren't clean. Let's have professionals handle it later." Lowering his voice, he added, "Besides, haven't you
already decided to have this whole place thoroughly inspected and disinfected?"
Wynter nodded. "Yes, it needs a comprehensive inspection. I'm worried this could be a starting point for the
pandemic."
Oscar didn't catch their conversation, and neither of them would be foolish enough to discuss such matters openly
in public.
Dalton's gaze lingered on the black serpent. "We'll come back for it after everything is properly sanitized."
Wynter nodded. "And we'll need to disinfect ourselves, too, especially since we're meeting with Mr. Yarwood
Senior later."
The thought of a potential pandemic made Wynter more cautious than ever. If this farmers' market really was a virus' origin, there was a chance the pathogen was already present.
While she thought it might sound exaggerated, it was better to practice caution-especially as a trained medical
student.
Wynter wasn't afraid for herself. She was more concerned about protecting those around her. For instance, Theo. In fact, he even had a restaurant less than a mile from this market.
Farmers' markets like this one saw the highest daily foot traffic and were closely tied to the food supply chain. If there was a problem here, it would ripple directly into people's meals.
She sincerely hoped that this market didn't have any issues. Yet, rationally, she couldn't shake the suspicion that
this location had been deliberately chosen by their enemies. Plus, that single strand of golden hair nagged at her
relentlessly.
They didn't linger for long.
Wynter completed the transaction but left the black serpent behind, crouching briefly to address it. "Stay put and behave. No more delusions of grandeur, understood?"
The black serpent nodded obediently. It would do anything as long as it didn't have to leave with Dalton! wynter then turned to Dalton. "Let's go. This place is far too down-to-earth for someone like you, Mr. Yarwood." With that, she tugged him by the arm, sneaking back into the restaurant through the rear entrance.
Theo watched as Wynter tugged Dalton's hand, his eyes lighting up with excitement, though his words were a
different story.
"Can't you be a little more proactive? Why does Wynter have to be the one holding your hand? Can't you show a
bit of the charm I had in my day?"
Dalton sat down, raising his hands in mock surrender. "How can I compare to you, Grandpa? They say the older generations are always more experienced. These days, it's all about the slow and steady approach." Theo looked like he wanted to pry open Dalton's head to check what was inside. "Stop giving me excuses. From
now on, you'd better start being more proactive, or else, who knows when you'll finally get to marry Wynter?" Wynter, caught in the middle, didn't know whether to speak up or stay silent. Finally, she said, "Grandpa, don't be upset. He's just a little slow when it comes to warming up to people, so it's okay." Then, she quickly served him a portion of vegetables. "Here, eat some more before it gets cold, Grandpa."
Theo immediately switched to a cheerful demeanor. "Wynter, you're so considerate. This boy is lucky beyond
belief to have you."
As they ate, Wynter suddenly recalled the old cultivator Theo encountered. Curious, she asked for more details, specifically regarding his looks.
Theo thought for a moment. "He was dressed in shabby clothes, his face was smeared with dirt, and his beard was scruffy. Other than that, I can't remember much."
Wynter felt the description sounded a bit like Atwater. Yet, the story didn't quite match. After all, Theo had met
him once in Southdale.
It was also then that he told her that she should marry a man surrounded by purple energy. Maybe it was just a
coincidence.
After the sect incident, she had lost track of his whereabouts. If she could encounter him at the upcoming Arcane
Way Forum, it might make solving her current problems much easier.
By the time they finished eating, the sun was already setting. Theo placed his hand gently over Wynter's. "I'm entrusting this boy to you. Whatever you do to him, I won't
intervene, but please take good care of him. I've been worried ever since that old cultivator spoke to me."
Dalton wasn't aware of this conversation.
Wynter held Theo's hand firmly. "Don't worry, Grandpa. Wherever Dalton is, I will be there, too."
Hearing this, Theo looked deeply comforted. "Good. In that case, I'll leave now. You two carry on." With that, he left with his entourage, leaving Wynter and Dalton alone in the restaurant.
###chapter1702
Chapter 1702 A Huge Problem
"Wherever Dalton is, I will be there, too?" Dalton repeated Wynter's words, his gaze shifting slightly. His face, already strikingly handsome, became even more so when graced with a smile.
This was a rarity among men. Years of refinement had instilled a natural presence of authority in Dalton, as if he could control everything around him. The scholarly elegance that emanated from his very being only served to make his subtle smirks even more captivating.
Wynter was, without a doubt, a sucker for people with good looks. And when the man in question was her fiancé, she saw no reason to hold back.
"Exactly. Of course, I'll be wherever you are."
Dalton's voice was calm. "And what if you were
betray me?"
Wynter raised an eyebrow. "Me? Betray you?"
Dalton responded with a quiet hum.
Wynter reached out, lifting his chin slightly with her fingers, inspecting him before chuckling. "When you have a face like this? How dumb would I have to be to betray you?"
Dalton was accustomed to her teasing demeanor by now. Compared to her antics in her previous lifetime, she was already much more restrained.
But the waiter, who had just come in with their dishes, was clearly not used to it. He completely froze at that sight. Not wanting to make a scene, Wynter quickly withdrew her hand. Still, even such a small display was enough to set the rumor mill into overdrive.
When Theo heard the reports later, he was thoroughly delighted.
Dalton was a cold-hearted iceberg, after all. Someone needed to take the initiative in the relationship. And if it was Wynter doing so, that suited him just fine!
In his joy, he issued bonuses for all his staff, so the employees couldn't help but wish for Wynter to visit Colifernia more often. Not only was Theo more generous, but even Dalton seemed to ease up on his usual relentless pursuit in their projects when he was happy.
Dalton, for his part, was in an undeniably good mood. He had long known that Wynter had a certain appreciation for his looks-one thing she was never subtle about.
What puzzled him, however, was a lingering inconsistency. In their previous life, she hadn't seemed the least bit interested in his type. If anything, her preference had leaned toward what modern vernacular might call the cute and clingy type.
He glanced at Wynter, just about to broach the topic, when her phone rang suddenly. The ringtone was distinct- one reserved for her members in the Special Unit.
Wynter answered the call. "Hello. How is it?"
"There are indeed many viruses present, but nothing currently uncontrollable. All identified strains are ones we've seen before. Even if an outbreak were to occur, it would remain within manageable limits."
The voice on the other end was low, as if deliberately avoiding being overheard. "Boss, should we shut down this farmers' market?"
Wynter raised her eyebrows. "If these are all known viruses, why should we shut it down immediately?"
"There are just too many wild animals there. Even if things are fine now, there's no guarantee for the future. And there's something... strange."
Wynter lifted her gaze. "What is it?"
"I can't explain it clearly right now, but I need you to see it for yourself to understand. I can't make any
conspicuous moves here at the moment."
Wynter's fingers paused briefly. "Understood. Head back to the Disease Control Department. Remember to keep your identity concealed. Also, I'll need a comprehensive report on patient admissions from major hospitals in the area."
"Got it, Boss. I'll get it to you in two days."
The person on the line hung up quickly, clearly in a rush to return to their job. They had to avoid arousing suspicion, ensuring that their temporary absence didn't appear deliberate o avoid alerting any potential culprits. Only then would they be able to gather more information.
After ending the call, Wynter brought Dalton back to the bustling farmers' market.
There were now more people bargaining and packaging goods. However, one peculiar thing caught her attention. Earlier, there had been numerous animals at the stall, but now, only the black serpent she had purchased remained. Wynter approached Oscar, who smiled warmly and stood up. "Miss, are you here to pick up your snake?"
Wynter nodded. "Yes, I am. By the way, your business seems pretty good. I was planning to buy more, but it looks like everything else is gone now. What happened to all the stock?"
Oscar chuckled. "Oh, miss, you came too late. You wouldn't believe it-recently, monkeys have been selling like crazy. Other animals sell out quickly, too, so by this time of day, it's usually all gone."
"Really? Who came to buy them? That's a lot of stock cleared out," Wynter asked.
Oscar didn't think much of it. "There's this guy who's been coming by recently. He clears out everything we've got every time he's here. But he doesn't talk much it's always his people doing the bargaining for him. He himself is carefully covered with only his eyes showing."
Wynter paused for a moment. "Just his eyes showing?"
"Yeah, I still have no idea what the guy looks like." He added, "But he hasn't been coming personally the last few days. He just sends people to pick up the goods."
Wynter's suspicion deepened. She glanced around the stall. "Do you have any surveillance cameras here?" "Surveillance cameras? Why would I install something like that?" Oscar looked at Wynter in confusion. "In this line of work, nobody wants evidence lying around. Say, miss, what exactly are you up to?"
Wynter noticed there weren't any cameras in the market. The infrastructure was outdated-loose wires hung precariously. Without surveillance cameras, it explained why there were no leads on Lupius.
Oscar continued eyeing her warily, his guard clearly up. "Miss, right after you left earlier, someone came by saying they were conducting a hygiene inspection. You wouldn't happen to have reported us to the authorities, would you?
He had rushed to sell off the wild animals precisely because of his fear of the inspections.
When Wynter first entered the market earlier, she had already noticed the intricate familiarity among the stall owners. If she caused them to become hostile now, would only make investigating further even harder.
She had also observed the sheer size of the farmers' market. Some people even lived there. If an overhaul were truly necessary, it wouldn't be a task completed in a single day.
What struck her as odd was that in such a modern city like Colifernia, a market like this still existed in the heart of the old district.
With the rise of supermarkets catering to urbanites' increasing demands for convenience and quality, one would expect such traditional markets to have dwindled. Logically, it should be almost impossible for such markets to survive.
Nevertheless, undoubtedly for many, places like this were essential.
Most of the vendors working here weren't locals. They came from Colifernia's outskirts or even further west. For them, staying in a developed city wasn't just about making a living but also about giving their children access to
better education and opportunities.
"Stop staring and finish your homework. Did you understand what your teacher said?" Amidst the distinct smell of fish, a female vendor called out to her daughter.
Not far from Wynter, a young girl with two braided pigtails set down her tablet and replied, "Okay!"
She then ran inside with a quick patter of footsteps, shouting, "Mommy! There's a really pretty miss and mister over there buying a snake!"
"Don't worry about others. Go wash your hands," her mother replied.
Wynter witnessed this small interaction and realized that it wasn't as simple as uprooting the entire market.
Yes, there were undeniable problems here-hygiene concerns, questionable business practices-but the consequences of shutting down entirely would be catastrophic for the three thousand families who relied on it
for their livelihoods.
She needed to find a solution that would address all issues.
Wynter pondered for a moment. Noticing the skeptical gaze from Oscar, she suddenly let out a long sigh. "To be honest, it's true that I'm not just here to buy things."
Oscar narrowed his eyes. "I knew it. You should leave. We don't welcome people like you."
However, Wynter's next words caused him to pause. "I'm here to guide you to enlightenment."
The moment Wynter casually spouted her words, Dalton couldn't help but raise an eyebrow. For someone who refused to bow to even the heavenly law, was she actually talking about guiding someone to enlightenment?
Oscar chuckled, though it was out of anger if anything.
"That's right. At this point, I have no choice but to tell you the truth." Wynter continued without even batting an eyelid, "I'm here because of that disaster in your water bucket."
Oscar's eyes flicked to the black serpent in the bucket. His mind raced back to the strange dreams he'd been having since bringing it into his shop. Every night, he would dream of a snake flicking its tongue, as if it were trying to
speak to him.
Hence, now, faced with Wynter's words, his attitude changed drastically. He immediately moved a small stool out for Wynter and poured her a cup of tea.
The black serpent in the bucket, however, was stunned. It couldn't believe what it was hearing. Had these two come all the way here for it? It knew its own worth. After all, it had only been disgruntled and tried frightening the person who had captured it.
The black serpent was unlike Sothoth, who had foolishly asked Dalton whether it resembled a dragon. He was lucky he hadn't been turned into snake soup.
It had heard rumors that Sothoth had been tamed, always stationed by the river, tasked with guarding humans. It certainly didn't want to end up like him, smelling like fish all the time!
Hence, at this moment, it cleverly cooperated, flicking its tongue in response to Wynter.
Oscar, who hadn't thought much of the situation earlier, now began trembling slightly. His demeanor toward
wynter shifted, and he looked at her with newfound respect.
"Please, continue, madam," he said, changing the way he addressed her. "I won't hide anything from you. I have indeed been dreaming about this black serpent lately. What should I do to resolve this?"
It was a common occurrence for long-time residents in Colifernia to be more inclined to believe in such things compared to people from other regions. The Arcane Way Forum being held here wasn't coincidental.
Wynter wasn't lying, either. While the black serpent wasn't the primary reason she'd entered the farmers' market, its presence was significant as a source of misfortune for Oscar.
Hence, she didn't hide anything from him regarding this issue. "This black serpent was originally destined to
ascend as a dragon, but it was captured by you and brought here. Naturally, it harbors resentment. "Moreover, you've caught many wild animals over the years. Creatures with a certain spiritual awareness leave behind traces their grievances. Snakes, in particular, are notorious for holding grudges. Their resentment compounds over time, and that accumulation inevitably affects you."
Wynter let out a deep sigh. "It's often said that the father's debts are repaid by the child. Even if you've escaped unscathed, the misfortune may have been passed your son. Think about it. Your son has always been weak ever since he was born, right?"
Her words struck a nerve in Oscar. "You-How do you know about my son's health?"
Wynter had already noticed this but had initially refrained from mentioning it, adhering to certain unspoken rules.
Oscar had captured too many wild animals. Of course, he could do it if it were solely for survival. However, he had crossed a line when he once captured a young monkey for a lucrative deal. Despite the mother monkey's desperate pleas, he had still chosen to take it away after some hesitation.
Wynter could see the karma on him now, something she wouldn't have been able to discern before obtaining the
Soul Commanding Badge. She saw the mother monkey's lingering hatred-the strongest grievance attached to
him.
"You've been cursed." Wynter raised her hand and pressed a lucky token against his head.
Instantly, a flash of memory came rushing back to Oscar. He looked at Wynter in shock. "I didn't do it on purpose.
My wife was about to give birth, and we needed the money.
"Her amniotic fluid was insufficient, and I couldn't let her travel back to the countryside to deliver the baby. I-I
was wrong."
Oscar stood up abruptly, clearly nervous. "I really am aware of my mistakes now."
It was clear Oscar genuinely wanted to turn over a new leaf.
If there were no demands, there wouldn't be any slaughter, but commerce-especially illicit trade-was an ever-
present challenge.
Wynter met his gaze. "The animal you wronged was also trying to protect its child. So, it's time to hang up your tools for good. Stop selling these animals."
Oscar nodded fervently and put down the fish spear in his hands. "I won't sell them anymore! I swear, I'll never
sell them again!"
The other vendors, who had been listening from the sidelines, began glancing at their own stalls with
contemplation.
There were no problems for those who sold everyday goods, but there were many here who had secretly sold these
wild animals. After all, it was hard to escape the demand.
wynter, seeing the ripple her words had caused, took the opportunity to continue, "This isn't just about karma or consequences. Many animals carry bacteria and pathogens that are harmful to humans.
"You must be careful even with ordinary seafood. Always wear gloves when handling them, and wash your hands
thoroughly afterward."
Her gaze shifted to a corner. "And especially for children-their immune systems are weaker. It's crucial to take proper precautions to protect them."
By this point, vendors had completely placed their trust in ynter. Her explanations about medical precautions and public health had firmly taken root in their minds. Typical public awareness campaigns rarely
achieved such impactful results.
Prevention before disaster was the goal, and for now, this was a necessary first step. She planned to instruct her company to draft a proposal on how to regulate and redesign the market later at night.
Oscar, eager to atone for his past, offered to help Wynter by keeping an eye out for anyone else attempting to
purchase large quantities of exotic animals.
He even provided her with an address, though when Wynter searched it, she found it was just a bustling street, too crowded to pinpoint any specific target.
As Wynter and Dalton walked toward the market's exit, Dalton spoke up. "Maybe the buyer isn't mute but chooses
not to speak for some reason."
Wynter shared the same thought. "It's possible they're a foreigner. Speaking Cascadian might give them away, so they let their subordinate handle the bargaining to avoid trouble."
She already more or less had an answer a person with golden hair, who had started purchasing large quantities of
live animals recently and refusing to speak directly.
"They're not buying all these animals for consumption," she mused. "If they're doing experiments, the lab must
be nearby. Otherwise, it wouldn't make sense to source animals from here." Pulling out her phone, Wynter instructed her Special Unit members to survey a three-mile radius around the
farmers' market, looking for any discreet locations suitable for conducting experiments.
Just as she sent the message, her phone buzzed with an incoming call.
"Boss, we've got a problem here!"
###chapter1703
Chapter 1703 Emergency
Wynter's brow furrowed deeply, sensing the gravity of the situation.
Normally, members of the Special Unit would avoid direct calls unless absolutely necessary. For someone to break that rule meant the matter was very urgent.
In reality, there were only a few members in the Special Unit. They were all exceptional in their respective fields yet deliberately low profile.
With only two or three operatives assigned per city, maintaining discretion while ensuring coverage across such a vast territory was no small feat. This also meant that they would be switched out if their identities were
accidentally exposed.
Hence, for Balmond Kurtus, to risk exposing himself, the stakes had to be extraordinarily high.
"I'll head over," Wynter said without hesitation. She brought both the black serpent and Dalton with her as she hopped onto her BMW Tomahawk.
Her superbike blended seamlessly with Colifernia's aesthetic. Yet, with Dalton perched on the back, the scene turned heads for a different reason. He wasn't the type anyone would expect to see on a superbike.
The two of them were undeniably eye-catching, especially since anyone into bikes would instantly recognize this superbike's value.
The only one not enjoying the ride was the black serpent. It didn't dare move at all, as if paralyzed in the black backpack. Yes, it was indeed carried in a backpack. Its breathing was so faint it might as well have slipped into hibernation.
It was terrified that it would be turned into ashes in the bag if Dalton was in a foul mood.
Although Wynter had left the farmers' market, she hadn't truly set the matter aside. Instead, she sent someone else to handle it. Sometimes, throwing money at a problem was the fastest solution.
Having the Quinnell family take over the farmers' market wasn't unreasonable, especially considering that she came to Colifernia as a representative of the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce.
Since she had already secured a piece of land in Hawford, adding a farmers' market to the portfolio wasn't a stretch. However, the news of the impending takeover didn't sit well with the existing stall owners.
Oscar wasn't too against the idea. "Think about what the medium had said before leaving. There are indeed too many bacteria in our line of work, and it's too easy to accumulate bad karma.
"Although selling to a big company might not bring in as much profit as before, think about our children. Maybe we should just agree to it."
Another vendor responded, "I don't have kids, and I'm not selling wild animals. I don't want to be bought out. We live and eat here. Who knows how that big company will handle things once they take over?"
A third voice chimed in, "It's not like we have to decide right now, but I heard it's the Quinnell Group coming in. They're reliable!"
"Yeah, I've seen the Quinnell Group on the internet, too! They've done a lot of good things, unlike those shady companies."
"That's just good PR. Who knows what they're really like?"
Wynter was well aware that the acquisition wasn't going smoothly. However, she also knew that such an environment had inherent risks that couldn't be ignored.
Originally, Wynter had planned to stay and negotiate the acquisition, but the situation was becoming urgent.
The phone calls were getting more frantic, and hearing the word "sinister" from members of the Special Unit made her push her superbike to its maximum speed.
She had driven past many factories from the highway to the city's outskirts, near the suburban area.
Her superbike finally stopped by a winding river.
Before she even got close, Wynter could already smell a strong fishy odor. It wasn't from factory wastewater but from actual fish.
At that moment, the black serpent, which had been curled up in Wynter's backpack, suddenly straightened its body. Its eyes gleamed, and it couldn't help but ask, "Master, why have you guys come here?"
###chapter1704
Chapter 1704 The Dragon That Was Struck
Wynter could understand the black serpent's words.
It wasn't because she had the ability to communicate with animals, but because creatures that had begun their path toward becoming dragons naturally gained the capacity to communicate with humans as their spiritual awareness grew.
That said, most such creatures wouldn't casually choose to speak.
A snake like this, found in Colifernia, wouldn't be seen as something worthy of worship, nor would it end up as a scientific curiosity. More likely, locals would simply assume it would make an excellent, highly nutritious snake
stew.
Removing her helmet and hanging it on the superbike, Wynter leaned casually on it before shooting a glance at the black serpent. "Have you been here before?"
The black serpent dared not hide the truth. It merely slithered slightly farther from Dalton, trembling visibly." Truth be told, I used to oversee the water over here," it confessed, even bowing its head as it spoke.
Wynter arched an eyebrow. She was well aware that in the current era of depleted spiritual energy, true dragons could only be found in vast rivers, seas, or hidden mountain depths, such as those near Drakonspire Haven.
But to pass such a responsibility to a mere serpent was still odd.
Traditionally, as recorded in ancient texts, the duty of overseeing rainmaking and water governance had always fallen to dragons. They were beings born in accordance with the heavenly law, responding to the natural order's needs. Such defiance would inevitably lead to punishment.
After all, there was a local folklore that most had heard of.
Long ago, a mighty dragon, confident in its divine powers, made a wager with a fortune teller about the weather. To win the bet, the dragon broke the heavenly laws and manipulated the winds and rains, causing violent storms that terrified the people. Unbeknownst to the dragon, the fortune teller was the heavenly law himself.
When the dragon learned that the heavenly law had ordered an executioner to take its life, it took on a human form and pleaded for mercy before the human land's ruler, hoping that the executioner would be restrained.
The ruler had indeed delayed the executioner by engaging him in a game of chess. However, in just a brief moment while he was taking a yawn during the match, the executioner had managed to strike down the dragon.
That was how this folklore got its name "Executing a Dragon in a Slumber".
Wynter's gaze returned to the black serpent. "You've been cultivating for quite a while, haven't you? Snakes naturally crave power. Since you already had your own territory, why did you leave it? These factories you should have been able to handle them."
After all, a snake's innate nature is to hold grudges. If someone infringed on its domain, it would stop at nothing to exact revenge, following them relentlessly and instilling fear. Conversely, if treated with respect, they could bring wealth and fortune in return.
The black serpent flicked its tongue nervously. "I-I used to scare the humans working in the factories. At first, they dumped sewage into the water, but eventually, they stopped."
Wynter chuckled softly. "They didn't stop because of you. It was because of policy enforcement. To protect the natural ecosystem, strict regulations were implemented. Haven't you heard the saying, 'Clear waters and lush mountains are more valuable than any gold and silver?""
The black serpent tilted its head, releasing a confused sound, clearly not understanding.
Dalton commented drily, "No wonder you've failed to become a proper dragon. You lack even a basic sense of civic responsibility."
As for the actual dragon who had neglected its job to manage this territory, Dalton planned to deal with it
personally.
Although the black serpent didn't quite understand why it, a mere snake, needed to concern itself with civic responsibility, it dared not protest.
Instead, it promptly responded, "You're absolutely right, my lord! I'll study hard from now on learn more, see more, and focus on doing better in these areas!"
Wynter stepped forward a few paces. Since this black serpent was once in charge of the area, it must know more details. Before too many people arrived, it was better to get everything sorted now. "So, why did you leave your own territory?" Wynter went back to the main point.
###chapter1705
Chapter 1705 The Odd River
"It can't just be that you were hunted. With your abilities, you could have returned anytime you wanted," Wynter stated, her voice probing.
She had already seen through the black serpent's cultivation-it had enough power to influence humans. If she and Dalton hadn't appeared when they did, it might have already hypnotized Oscar, likely leading him to commit some misdeed under its influence.
The black serpent shuddered, lowering its head. "I admit I had some bad intentions before. I won't dare to do it again. But there's a reason I targeted that man.
"It's because this river started changing since he came here last month. My lord, you saw it, too-those fish floating to the surface. At this time of year, it's not normal for so many fish to die like that."
Wynter already knew something strange was at play.
She had read Oscar's fortune earlier. Though he had wild animals' blood on his hands, he wasn't an inherently bad person. In fact, he had an honest quality and wasn't the type to orchestrate such a large-scale disturbance.
"Are you saying that the water started changing all of a sudden a month ago?" Wynter asked.
"Yes." The black serpent nodded.
Wynter continued, "What about the river water? Has it been different from before?"
It shook its head initially before raising its gaze. "Actually, there is one difference. The water... it doesn't taste as fresh anymore."
That fact made Wynter's sharp eyes narrow further.
Animals had heightened senses-far more acute and direct than humans'. While the river water appeared clean and clear to the naked eye, the black serpent's statement suggested something was wrong with its quality.
However, this area had no factories producing anything harmful, and there were no obvious sources of pollution nearby.
"Boss!"
While Wynter was observing the river, Balmond came running up to her.
He looked like an unassuming junior civil servant, complete with glasses. Around 24 or 25 years old, with fair, clean -cut features, he resembled the type of office worker who quietly typed reports, barely drawing any attention to himself.
But beneath that meek exterior was one of the Special Unit's most hot-tempered members.
Initially, he hadn't wanted to report this to Wynter. Normally, a river contamination case would follow the standard environmental procedures.
However, after receiving the directive to investigate, his worry had grown. The possibility of a pandemic weighed on him, compounded by Lupius' mysterious disappearance.
An ecological crisis on this scale, with no clear source, was more than he could handle. He was truly anxious and had finally decided to call Wynter after running out of options.
Balmond had expected her to show up alone. So, when he saw Dalton, he paused briefly before recognition dawned on him.
When Wynter's engagement was announced, the team had naturally done their research. They knew that Dalton was not only the Yarwood family's head but also a key figure in the Elite Division of the Special Unit, codenamed " Artist".
He was the one who had provided critical intel during their search for enemy agents back when Wynter had gone missing. In all these years, Dalton had been the first to be on par with Wynter in terms of logic.
Hence, Balmond quickly snapped back to work mode. "You've seen the situation. Something's not right with the river. But we've tested the water, and there weren't any issues with it."
Wynter took a glance at the test results before surveying the surrounding area. "Are there any other residents nearby apart from those in the factories?"
"No." Balmond shook his head.
###chapter1706
Chapter 1706 Rituals for the Gods
Wynter took a few steps closer to the river, intending to inspect further.
However, Dalton, who was standing beside her, grabbed her arm firmly. "There's something there."
Wynter followed his gaze. She had to admit, Dalton had incredible vision. Even from this distance, he had spotted a piece of golden parchment pinned under a stone near the water's edge.
Wynter frowned. "Has someone been burning parchment here?"
The golden parchment was commonly used in funerary rites or ancestral worship, and it certainly wasn't something one would expect to find in a place like this. And, judging by the parchment's condition, it didn't seem like it originated here.
She bent down to pick up the parchment and inspected it before turning to the others. "Balmond, did anyone check the mountains?"
The mountains?
Balmond shook his head. "This river doesn't flow down from the mountains."
Wynter smirked slightly. "Not now, maybe. But it might as well be a mountain stream during heavy rain."
She moved to another spot. "Do you see these marks? This area was clearly scoured by water. Look into the weather records was there a heavy rainstorm about a month ago?"
The black serpent in Wynter's backpack couldn't hold back and hissed, "Yes, Master! I remember it vividly. The rain that day was torrential, and the wind was howling! I couldn't control it—it wasn't my doing! That stall owner came to the river that day!"
It suddenly thought of something and quickly continued, "And now that I think about it... the river changed after that rainstorm! Could this be what humans call 'acid rain?""
Wynter didn't reply to the black serpent. Despite its awakened intelligence, it was obvious it hadn't done much studying.
With a decisive nod, Wynter instructed, "We'll head to the mountain."
She knew they had to find the root of the river water's problem. The golden parchment didn't seem like it had been burned here but instead looked like it had been carried downstream. Wynter was almost certain that the water's issue came from the mountain.
After all, although the mountain wasn't particularly tall, its proximity to human habitation made it a critical place to investigate.
When Wynter and her group arrived, they immediately drew wary stares. It was unusual for outsiders to come to this area, especially during the day, as most visitors usually arrived at night.
The further Wynter walked, the more uneasy she felt. It was an instinctual discomfort, like something primal warning her of danger.
Before she could pinpoint the source of the feeling, a man, Martin Clove, stepped out to block their path. "This is not a tourist spot. If you're here for fun, go back to the city."
Wynter glanced at Martin. "We're not here as tourists."
"I don't care what you're here for. Outsiders aren't allowed in." Martin spoke with his chest puffed up. "This mountain may not be tall, but it's full of dry brush. You young folks don't know better. What if you throw away a cigarette butt carelessly?"
Wynter caught the way he was darting his eyes and immediately saw right through him. With a smile, she said, "I don't have cash on me. How about this? If you let us in for a look or guide us yourself, I'll pay you five thousand."
"Ten thousand!" Martin glanced over his shoulder. "I'll think about bringing you guys in then."
wynter frowned and made a show of turning to leave.
Martin quickly called out, "Alright, eight thousand! I can't go lower than that. We have had events going on recently. The chieftain doesn't like outsiders coming in. If he finds out I brought you in, he'll chew me out!"
Wynter looked back at his words. "Events? What event?"
"It's the Ritual of Devotion. Things are lively in there right now-every household has meat on the table! You outsiders wouldn't get to see something like this, especially you northerners. You're from the north, aren't you? I can tell by your accent," Martin said with confidence.
Wynter didn't bother bargaining the price anymore. Instead, she opened her phone and transferred him the money. "Since you've made it sound so fascinating, I really want to see this ritual now.""
Whether they were offering tribute to gods or something else entirely remained to be seen.
###chapter1707
Chapter 1707 His Energy
With the payment's notification sound, Martin's demeanor shifted entirely. He broke into a wide grin and said cheerfully, "Follow me closely. The paths around here are tricky, so it's easy to get lost if you're not careful."
Wynter exchanged a glance with Dalton and nodded in agreement before trailing behind Martin.
When they reached the village entrance, they encountered two men standing guard. They looked up and completely ignored Martin when he greeted them.
Instead, their eyes were glued on Wynter and Dalton. "Who are they? Why are you bringing strangers in?"
Martin laughed. "These are my niece and nephew. We rarely get to meet, and it just so happened to be during the Ritual of Devotion, so I brought them along. How about this? Tomorrow's your day off, right? Drinks are on me!" The guards softened at Martin's tone. "Fine, but keep them in line. Don't let them wander off. And we're not talking about cheap booze-Glenfiddich will do. Nothing too expensive."
Martin's smile twitched, but he replied half-heartedly, "Sure, sure. I'll sort it out tomorrow."
But inside, he was grumbling, "Why on earth would I give you Glenfiddich?"
The guards pulled aside the thorny wooden barricade to let them pass.
Wynter couldn't help but notice how unusual the setup was. There was only one way into the village, and with people standing guard, it would be nearly impossible for outsiders to enter.
Once inside, Martin leaned in to whisper to Wynter, "Did you see that? Getting you in here already cost me two bottles of Glenfiddich. Don't you think eight thousand isn't enough? How about adding another two thousand later?"
Wynter replied, "Alright, I'll transfer you two thousand more in a bit. These are small potatoes."
Martin was beaming with joy at Wynter's reply. Not only could he enjoy meat during the Ritual of Devotion, but he also managed to earn ten thousand dollars. He seemed to be floating as he led them toward his home.
Wynter and her group continued following Martin.
While Wynter kept her keen eyes on their surroundings, observing every detail, Balmond was no slouch, either. His sharp gaze scanned the area methodically, aiming to uncover any clues that could lead to the source of the problem.
Wynter's expertise in Arcane Divination and geomancy meant she noticed the village's peculiarities as soon as they entered.
From a geomantic perspective, the village had an exceptionally favorable fortune. Moreover, despite being a strikingly secluded location, the houses' and paths' layouts didn't appear haphazard. Most likely, someone had guided and planned the design.
"Sir, is there a higher vantage point nearby? I'd like to have a view of that," Wynter asked casually.
Martin paused to think, then nodded. "There is such a spot. Outsiders aren't usually allowed there, but since you're with me, I can take you. It's a bit of a climb, though. Are you sure you're up for it?"
Wynter chuckled softly. "We're fine. We've got plenty of energy."
Dalton remained silent beside her. If there were no one beside him, climbing would be unnecessary.
However, his silence wasn't due to the climbing itself. Instead, it was the faint, lingering energy in the village that was strangely familiar to him.
Dalton narrowed his eyes slightly, combing through his memories. Despite the uncanny familiarity, he couldn't recall ever visiting this place before. However, his fingers lightly brushed over the bracelet he was wearing.
"That unruly thing... it seems like someone is acting quite bold here," he mused to himself.
Wynter noticed Dalton's detached look. Thinking it was due to his health reasons, she reached out to grab his wrist without any hesitation, leading him forward.
Her action caught Balmond off guard. He couldn't believe this was how Wynter was when she was in love. Was she the domineering CEO type?
Dalton, on the other hand, was very much enjoying holding her hand. The chill in his expression softened, and a faint smile tugged at the corner of his lips.
More than anyone, the black serpent, who was still in the backpack, could sense the shift in his energy.
###chapter1708
Chapter 1708 The Snake That Became a Dragon
Likewise, the black serpent was also able to sense one of its kind nearby.
However, the other's cultivation level was so profound that the black serpent felt an overwhelming pressure the moment they entered the mountain. It instinctively tried to stay as close as possible to Dalton.
No matter how advanced the entity's cultivation was, it would have no chance against someone like Dalton, who had concealed his energy so perfectly that the other party wouldn't even realize danger was nearby. By the time they did, it would likely be far too late.
The black serpent couldn't help but recall its own encounter with Dalton at the farmers' market. It was sure that this being would instinctively surrender without resistance just like it had done.
The four of them ascended the stone steps, surrounded by lush trees. The air was filled with the harmonious sounds of cicadas and birds, creating an oddly tranquil atmosphere.
Although the mountain didn't appear tall from the foot, it still took them half an hour to reach the summit.
As they reached the top, Wynter's gaze swept across the landscape, taking in the mountain's natural beauty.
The location had hidden potential—a site suitable for nurturing greatness. Between the valleys, there were even streams and waterfalls, exuding an air of grandeur and prosperity.
The village, situated here, was undeniably built on a highly auspicious site. Mist swirled through the air, and the abundant water vapor added to its vibrant energy.
Raising an eyebrow, Wynter considered the implications. The environment here made it highly conducive for a serpent to undergo its metamorphosis into a dragon.
Hence, she lowered her head slightly and tapped on the backpack. Once she was out of Martin's sight, she lowered her voice to ask, "Did you seriously not feel anything? That doesn't seem right."
The black serpent didn't dare hide the truth but was also wary of saying too much and risking Dalton's displeasure. "I felt something. If I had to guess, it seems like a serpent successfully transformed into a dragon here once." "Once?" Wynter raised an eyebrow and wasn't convinced. But instead of pressing further, she decided to observe for now. With the Ritual of Devotion approaching, there would undoubtedly be clues to follow.
Moreover... Her sharp eyes turned toward the village's water source. That would mean that the root of the problem was nearby. She would definitely be able to find a clue or two by the time they investigate. Hence, Wynter didn't say anything further.
Just as Wynter finished surveying the layout and was preparing to descend the mountain, several villagers suddenly appeared, carrying offerings such as pigs and sheep.
"What's going on here? Why are there outsiders? Don't you know this area is off-limits?" the head of the group, Hamilton Clove, said sharply. His stern demeanor and authoritative tone made it clear he was someone with significant influence.
Martin immediately paled. Bowing slightly, he offered a cigarette with a sheepish smile. "Granduncle Hamilton, I was wrong. I'll take them down the mountain right away!"
Hamilton snorted coldly but accepted the cigarette. "Hurry up. The ritual is about to start. You know what will happen if the clan leader sees strangers here. And keep that mouth of yours in check."
Martin nodded fervently.
Without another word, Hamilton led his group, along with the offerings, toward the stream. Meanwhile, Martin wasted no time bringing Wynter and her group down the mountain.
Wynter showed no curiosity toward the offerings. There was nothing to ask. After all, she could tell at a glance that the yellow talismans and red flowers were not meant for unborn souls.
The village's environment was somewhat similar to the outside, mostly consisting of tile and brick houses.
However, there were two exceptions-houses that were designed like small villas, though only two stories high. It was as if they had been deliberately built this way to prevent outsiders from realizing that there were more villas hidden inside.
When they arrived at Martin's home, Wynter casually asked, "The village has a lot of houses, but why don't I see anyone?"
Martin answered matter-of-factly, "They're all busy with preparations. The clan leader gave orders yesterday for everyone to help out today."
Then, he paused for a moment before adding, "Don't ask too much. Just wait for the ritual tonight."
###chapter1709
Chapter 1709 The Girl Who Escaped
Wynter knew she was close to coaxing out more information, but she chose not to push further. It was crucial to avoid raising suspicion.
Instead, she smoothly changed the subject. "I saw two villas earlier. They looked pretty luxurious on the outside. Are they even better inside? I've never been in a villa before."
Martin replied with a sense of pride, "Those were built by the clan leader. They're really fancy inside, too. Our clan leader is great! None of us need to work regular jobs. We get paid as long as we follow his instructions!
"The ceremony tonight will be in the villas. I've only been there twice myself, but you'll get your mind blown soon!
Then, his gaze shifted to Dalton, taking in his polished suit. "That guy doesn't look like someone short on money, though. He's all dressed up and good-looking, too."
Before Dalton could respond, Wynter quickly interjected, "Don't be fooled by appearances. His whole outfit is from bargain sales-39.9 dollars with free shipping! I can get him to order one for you if you want one.
"Sure, he's good-looking, but he's just my sidekick. If I haven't seen a villa before, you can bet he hasn't, either." Dalton chuckled lightly at her quip. His refined demeanor and tailored suit, however, only made him look even more expensive.
She was, however, particularly interested in the quality of the water in the spring. Nevertheless, it was clear that the Ritual of Devotion Martin was talking about involved that specific stream, and they wouldn't be allowed near it anytime soon.
None of the three showed any sign of their true thoughts.
At this point, Balmond's personality proved useful. He excused himself with the excuse of needing to use the bathroom.
Martin didn't bother to stop him. After all, the paying guest was Wynter, and keeping her happy was all that mattered.
Wynter knew exactly what Martin was after, so she didn't hand over all the money at once, merely giving him a thousand dollars.
Martin called his wife, Carmila Deux, over to entertain them. "You can sit in my yard for a bit. We'll call you for the feast when the ritual starts!"
Martin was surprisingly hospitable, offering Wynter and Dalton some peanuts and almonds, and even brewing tea for them. In Colifernia, drinking tea was a given, and the tea set was quite complete, all made of ceramic.
Wynter wasn't concerned about the tea-after all, no poison could affect her. What she did worry about was Dalton's sensitive body.
Hence, when Martin handed them the tea, she quickly took it herself. "Thank you, sir. But my boyfriend's stomach isn't great, so he can't drink tea on an empty stomach."
"Oh, how unfortunate! This tea is made from the spring water from the mountain. You can smell it doesn't it smell wonderful?" Martin, sensing an opportunity to make more money, eagerly responded.
Wynter knew exactly what he was after and smiled lightly. "It really does smell great."
As she spoke, she tilted the cup at a slight angle while taking a sip, deliberately spilling the tea onto her black backpack.
The black serpent immediately tensed up and hissed, "Ugh, this water smells foul."
Foul water? Wynter narrowed her eyes. While she hadn't smelled anything unusual herself, it was definitely a sign to avoid drinking it.
Sitting next to her, Dalton simply rotated his cup twice, as if inspecting the water. The faint curve of his smile carried a touch of mischief.
However, Wynter wasn't aware of his reaction.
She was about to try gathering more information from Martin when suddenly, a shout could be heard from a distance. "Go find her! Where has she gone?"
"The more she grows, the more disobedient she gets! Doesn't she know the ritual requires her to be at the riverbed?"
"That girl is such a troublemaker!"
Wynter paused at the shouting. She turned her head slightly and asked Martin, "Who are they looking for?"
###chapter1710
Chapter 1710 They Will Come for You Next
"The chosen child, of course," Carmila said as she placed fresh fish and chips on the table. "She's to be the River God's bride and will have to spend a night alone by the riverbed. Maybe she got scared."
Martin took a drag from his cigarette and waved her off. "Go on, go make a couple more dishes. Enough of your blabbering."
Carmina inhaled sharply but turned and left without another word.
Wynter caught the implications immediately. She signaled to Dalton to stay put while she went to dig for more information herself.
Dalton, however, had his own way of keeping Martin under control.
When Martin came over to refill his tea, Dalton made his move. Instantly, Martin froze in place, and his consciousness was locked in the present moment.
Dalton was clear-headed. "Come out."
The black serpent slithered out reluctantly. "Yes, my lord?"
Dalton sounded almost indifferent. "Explain. Why are there traces of my energy here?"
The black serpent wasted no time to answer him. "Do you remember that there was another snake like me back during the war? It aligned itself with your fate and used the country's fortune to become a dragon.
"Since founding the nation, becoming spirits like that was forbidden. That one was just... lucky."
Dalton glanced at it. "And?"
It hurriedly continued, "Then, an old cultivator came by. He set up offerings for you, and apparently, he also left behind something of yours. I don't know what it was. That person's cultivation was too high-I didn't dare look too closely.
"The rainstorm a while back-that was likely caused by the old cultivator. He must have ordered the dragon to do it."
Realizing the implications, it raised its head abruptly. "My lord, that's betrayal! It disobeyed your will by summoning the rain on its own! It's even more unworthy of taking the test!"
Dalton ignored its final comment, his gaze shifting to the side.
Meanwhile, when Wynter entered the kitchen, she immediately noticed Carmila sighing heavily, her eyes red and swollen, as if she had been crying.
Upon seeing Wynter, Carmila quickly wiped her face and asked, "Why did you come in here?"
Wynter smiled slightly. "I wanted to help out."
"The food's almost done. You should just sit and chat. I can tell that you don't cook often." It was evident that Carmila was a kind soul.
Wynter didn't waste time with pleasantries and asked directly, "I noticed you've been crying. Is it about the River God"
Before she could finish, Carmila quickly clamped a hand over her mouth. "You can't speak ill of the River God here! The clan leader doesn't allow it."
Carmila looked around nervously before closing the door tightly. "Why do you outsiders insist on coming to a place like this? You should've gone to the city instead."
It was evident that Carmila was feeling uneasy. "Please, leave the village before it's dark. That girl is already gone, and you're a young woman, too. I'm worried that something might happen to you."
"What do you mean?" Wynter asked, feigning confusion to encourage Carmila to elaborate. "I don't understand.
I'm not from this village. Surely, this has nothing to do with me."
Carmila gripped Wynter's hand tightly. "You don't understand how things work here. The fate of every child who is sent to the riverbed depends on the River God's mood.
"If the River God is pleased, the child might come back-but those who return are never the same. They go mad. And if the River God isn't pleased, the girl is just... gone.
"It's time for the ritual again. Families with daughters have all left if they could. But the Frouds family stayed. They're hoping to offer their daughter for two million dollars before leaving the village for good. "But now their daughter has disappeared, and you're about the right age. They'll definitely come for you!"
###chapter1711
Chapter 1711 The Next Sacrifice
Wynter nodded after listening to Carmila's words. "This so-called River God probably won't fancy an outsider like me. But I noticed you were crying earlier-what's on your mind?"
Carmila wiped away the lingering tears at the corners of her eyes. "This River God... it's very powerful. Back then, Martin and I had a daughter. A few years ago, I even found a family willing to take her in, thinking she'd have a better life.
"But somehow, it was like the River God overheard our plans. The ritual was suddenly moved up, and the clan leader came to our home, demanding my daughter for the ritual by the riverbed. That was the last time I saw her.
"The clan leader told us the River God took a liking to her and wanted her to stay by its side forever. Martin believed him, but I've always felt something else was going on. But I... I couldn't do anything about it."
Wynter nodded thoughtfully. "Mrs. Clove, you've had such a tough life. If the River God does pick me tonight, I'll take a look around. I'll even check if your daughter is still serving the River God. If you have a photo of her, send it to me."
Wynter knew that this so-called River God was much like the previously mentioned cultivator. It had been drawing all the girls in the village to it. What exactly was intended remained a mystery, and she would have to wait until tonight to uncover the truth.
Carmila clasped Wynter's hands tightly. "Thank you so much! If you do see her, please tell her... tell her that I miss her so much!"
In the meantime, outside the house, Martin had disappeared from the tea table, his whereabouts unknown.
Not wanting to be left alone with a stranger for long, Dalton quickly hypnotized Martin, sending him off elsewhere.
The black serpent was still rambling, "My lord, you really need to teach that wretched serpent a lesson! It's been running wild under the old cultivator's protection, breaking every rule you've ever set. I can't stand it anymore! It doesn't even respect you!"
Dalton remained calm, his thoughts unreadable as he gently spun the bracelet in his hand. Only after hearing enough of the black serpent's complaints did he cast a glance its way. "You can deal with it, then."
The black serpent's eyes darted nervously. "My lord, if you truly order me to, I will! Even if it costs my life, I'd obey without hesitation! But let's be honest-I'll just be fodder if I go.
"If that happens, that wretched serpent will think all your followers are weaklings! I still need to stay by your side. I've got civil service exams to prepare for and other duties to fulfill! But whatever you decide, my lord, I'll follow!"
Dalton lightly tapped the wooden table, his expression unchanged. To him, a mere serpent that had managed to transform into a dragon posed no real threat.
Just then, Wynter stepped out of the house and immediately spotted the black serpent poking its head out near Dalton. She strolled over and, without hesitation, grabbed it by its head.
"Didn't I tell you to stay in the bag? What are you doing sticking your head out? Were you planning to bite my fiancé? It looks like you still haven't learned your lesson. Once we're done here, I'll have Wolf roast you!" Wynter warned.
The black serpent hissed indignantly, as if trying to say, "I wasn't biting anyone! I was just speaking with the lord!
However, with its head firmly grasped, it couldn't make a sound, nor could it risk exposing Dalton. Once Wynter finally let go, it quickly slithered back into the bag, its eyes glistening with pitiful tears.
Dalton added a timely comment, "I always feel safest when you're around. Otherwise, who knows? That snake might have bitten me just now."
Wynter was unaware of the real situation. "Be careful. This black serpent failed to transform into a dragon. It must
still be nursing some resentment, and since it doesn't dare to challenge me, it's probably looking for an easy target to take its frustrations out on."
Dalton nodded, giving her a faint smile.
When she wasn't looking, he shot the black serpent a cold glance that clearly conveyed that it could give up thinking about being a snake, much less a dragon if it dared say anything.
The black serpent immediately fell silent, retreating into complete stillness.
Just then, the villagers, who had been searching for the girl who had escaped earlier, began nowhere.
gather around out of
Leading them was Hamilton, whom they had encountered on the mountain. His gaze was cold and calculating, resting on Wynter with a hint of malice.
However, this was a society bound by laws, and they were outsiders wealthy ones, by the looks of them. They couldn't act recklessly.
Once this realization settled in, Hamilton's expression shifted into a smile. "So, are you the ones Martin brought up here earlier?"
Wynter noticed his attempt to play nice and let a smirk form on her lips. It was perfect. Two could play this game. After all, she had always been an excellent actress.
"Yes, that's us. And you must be his granduncle," Wynter responded, as if only recognizing him now. Hamilton glanced at the villagers holding torches behind him. "Put those away! You'll scare our tourists."
Then, turning back to Wynter, he asked, "You guys look really young. Are you still in school?"
He casually sat across from Wynter, but his sharp eyes darted toward Dalton warily. To him, Wynter was an easy prey. However, something about Dalton, especially the bracelet on his wrist, seemed unusual.
Dalton coughed lightly, keeping his head down and saying nothing. He didn't so much as glance up.
In contrast, Wynter's demeanor remained friendly. "Mr. Clove, you've got good eyes."
Hamilton chuckled, appearing harmless. "What brings you all the way out to this remote place? Why didn't you visit the city instead?"
"Oh, we kind of wandered here by mistake and stumbled across Mr. Martin. He mentioned some kind of ritual you're having. It sounded so fascinating!" Wynter sounded like an unguarded college student. "We've never seen it before and wanted to witness it with our own eyes."
Hamilton laughed heartily. "Curious about the Ritual of Devotion, are you? That's no problem at all. Although our village is small, we've worked hard to promote tourism. We've even added things like cultural costume experiences, just like in bigger places."
"Cultural costumes?" Wynter's eyes lit up.
Hamilton nodded. "Of course. Why don't you come with me?"
Wynter was beaming with excitement. "Let's go!"
Hearing that, Dalton finally looked up at her. Meanwhile, the black serpent in the bag remained motionless.
At that moment, Carmila could no longer hold back. She burst out of the house and called out, "Young lady!"
Wynter looked back.
Carmila clutched at her pants nervously. She wanted to warn Wynter and stop her from going, but Hamilton's gaze was already narrowing.
Fear overtook her, and she stammered, "Maybe... How about a meal before you go?"
Hamilton's eyes grew cold, though his face maintained its friendly smile. "The god-worship ritual includes a grand feast with over 100 dishes. Young lady, you'll have plenty of chances to eat and experience everything at the
same time."
"That sounds incredible!" Wynter said cheerfully before glancing back at Carmila. "I won't eat here, Mrs. Clove. I want to experience the ritual. Also, I will remember the things you told me earlier, so don't worry."
Hamilton looked at Carmila before his gaze landed on Wynter. "What did she tell you?"
"Oh, she just mentioned how the mosquitoes here are a real nuisance and told me to use plenty of repellent. Why? Do you have any better tips for dealing with them?" If Wynter truly wanted to lie, not a single crack would be
found.
Additionally, Hamilton seemed noticeably anxious now, given that the time for the Ritual of Devotion was drawing near. He couldn't afford to waste time. Hence, he didn't bother trying to gauge Wynter's honesty.
If there had been a better option, he wouldn't have resorted to choosing an outsider in the first place. "Young lady, you might not know this, but the closer you get to the river's center, the fewer the mosquitoes. Our village has always been protected by the River God."
Hamilton laughed before continuing, "There's no need to worry. You won't even need mosquito repellents." "Does such an amazing place really exist?" Wynter's eyes widened in mock enthusiasm. "I have to see it for myself!
Hamilton suddenly paused. "You can go, but this friend of yours..."
"Can't he come with me?" Wynter asked despite already knowing the answer.
Hamilton weighed his options. "Our ritual is only for girls under 20. However, the two of you can go together if you like. Once you've changed into the ceremonial attire, he can wait across the river, but he shouldn't come any
closer."
"Understood." Wynter nodded and turned to Dalton, grabbing his wrist. "Do you understand what he's talking about? You're to wait across the river for me."
Dalton replied with a soft hum.
Wynter was inwardly worried despite her calm expression. Nevertheless, she retained her grip on Dalton's hand
and walked with him.
Hamilton was the last to leave. Before stepping away, he cast a cold glance at Carmila. "Some things are better left unsaid. If you've already spoken out of turn, you'd best keep quiet from now on. Break the village rules, and you'll
be putting your children's lives at risk."
Carmila froze in fear and dared not follow them any further.
Meanwhile, at the front of the group, wynter took advantage of Hamilton's moment of inattention and swiftly
stuck a talisman onto the black bag.
She whispered to the black serpent, "You'll have stick to my fiancé later. His body's delicate-he can't handle cold drafts, let alone punches.
"If anyone so much as lays a finger on him, you better bite them like your life depends on it. Don't worry about killing. I'll make sure the judiciary counts it as a service to society."
The black serpent froze, its scales tightening in disbelief. It wasn't sure whether to be offended at the comment about Dalton's delicate constitution or to nod in agreement. After all, who in their right mind would dare to try
punching him?
If not for Dalton suppressing his presence, that pesky river dragon would already be crawling on its belly,
groveling. This whole Ritual of Devotion wouldn't even exist!
Hence, the black serpent had no idea why Dalton was even entertaining this charade.
"Why aren't you responding?" Wynter arched her brow. "Do you want to end up as a snake stew?"
The black serpent jolted, hurriedly flicking its tongue in assent. "I'll protect the lord with my life! You can count
on me!"
Satisfied, Wynter handed the black bag to Dalton. "Keep this close. I've placed a talisman on it. If something supernatural pops up, the talisman will handle it. If it's human trouble, the snake will."
She noted that Balmond wasn't around, either. However, given that he was part of the Special Unit, he should be blending into the crowd well.
Her concern, though, remained fixed on the elegant but fragile Dalton. With a sigh, she muttered to herself, "Why
is he so frail?"
Dalton indeed had a bit f a cold. He was still coughing when his eyes sparkled with faint amusement. "Are you
worried about me?"
"Of course! Those villagers would probably knock you out the moment I leave," Wynter had a knack for reading
people.
Dalton didn't seem too bothered. "But you're still here now, aren't you?"
In the Ritual of Devotion, the River God had always favored pure maidens. Hamilton knew it was best to distance Dalton from Wynter. Moreover, there was still a lingering concern for him.
The guards had reported three people entering the village. Yet now, only two stood before him, and no one had
found the third yet. Nevertheless, time was running out, and the Ritual of Devotion couldn't afford further delays.
"Well then, young lady, head on in! There's someone inside who will help you dress and do your hair," Hamilton
said with a forced smile.
Hearing this, Wynter's lips curved slightly. "I didn't expect a complimentary makeover service."
At that point, Dalton could no longer follow her further in, halted by Hamilton's extended arm. "Young man, you can't go any further. Follow them, and wait across the river." He gestured to the villagers with torches, their physiques betraying a life of rugged physicality, likely honed from years of hiking.
Wynter frowned, but Dalton spoke before her. "Alright."
Wynter arched her brow. It seemed that Dalton had a plan to deal with them. If that was the case, she could investigate this so-called traditional costume experience without being worried. Night fell swiftly. Above them was a dark velvet sky scattered with shimmering stars.
The tranquil atmosphere carried a solemn weight as villagers, dressed in coarse linen garments, gathered around a winding river at the edge of the village. Their expressions were solemn as they encircled a hastily constructed altar. Offerings were meticulously arranged at the heart of the altar. There were fresh fruits, bountiful grains, and fragrant flowers-all prepared with care for the impending ritual.
Dalton had been led across the river. As night fully descended, the villagers accompanying him grew restless. Unable to suppress their intent any longer, they tossed aside their torches and prepared to knock him unconscious.
But before the villagers could act on it, they froze mid-motion when Dalton lifted his gaze.
His voice was calm. "Aiding and abetting evil will condemn you to the ninth level of hell."
This was no idle threat. When Dalton spoke these words, the underworld's depths trembled. The river where red spider lilies bloomed the brightest churned, and even hell's signposts trembled faintly.
The Underworld Guards exchanged uneasy glances.
"What's going on?"
"Someone must be provoking him again."
Even beings as high-ranking as them dared not utter his name aloud.
Having delivered his decree, Dalton wasted no time. Large clusters of black feathers rained from the sky as the
crow swooped in.
As the crow flew past, Dalton's clothing had already transformed-its colors and design shifting seamlessly.
The crow greeted Dalton obediently, yet he was genuinely confused. Why had he summoned him?
The black serpent was unwilling to even peek out now.
Dalton's lips curved slightly as he glanced at the crescent moon reflected on the river's surface. "I've waited for
too long. The weather tonight is perfect. It's ideal for a wedding."
The black serpent didn't understand what he was saying at all.
The crow, however, understood all too well. He stiffened in shock. Deep down, he desperately hoped he hadn't
understood at all!
On the other side, as Wynter entered the designated area, a medium approached her. With skilled hands, she began
to meticulously comb Wynter's hair, ensuring that each strand was smooth and flawless.
Her movements were deliberate, accompanied by a soft chant, "First comb to the end of life,
second comb to gray hair and harmony, third comb to children filling the house."
As the combing ceremony concluded, the medium carefully adorned Wynter's newly styled hair with an array of
intricate hairpieces. Gold, silver, and emerald ornaments were placed with precision.
That was when Wynter realized that this was preparation for a wedding.
The bride would don a stunning wedding gown, typically in vibrant red, adorned with intricate embroidery and
gemstones. Every stitch and detail carried blessings and symbolic meanings,
Her attire would be carefully adjusted, and she would be accessorized with exquisite jewelry such as gold
necklaces, earrings, and bracelets.
###chapter1712
Chapter 1712 Marriage
Wynter reached out to grab the medium's hand. "Is this also part of the costume experience?"
The medium, Layla Orion, was an elderly woman. She didn't reply to Wynter's question.
It was then wynter realized that Layla likely didn't speak Cascadian, as even earlier, she had been chanting in Cantonian.
Layla was the definition of gloomy. It was as if she had been in this place for an eternity, even showing a hint of confusion in her demeanor. She couldn't comprehend why no one spoke their local language anymore.
She paid no attention to Wynter, instead proceeding to pour melted candle wax into the water. With deliberate care, she then sprinkled the water, bit by bit, over a phoenix-shaped coffin.
As someone well-versed in the Arcane Way, Wynter immediately recognized what was happening. This was a ritual for a spirit marriage.
Perhaps fearing Wynter might grow suspicious or be unsettled by Layla's actions, Hamilton stepped forward with a wide smile.
"Young lady, this is one of our local traditions. Decorating the items and using candle wax symbolize blessings for a prosperous year ahead."
Wynter returned the smile, her tone light. "What an unusual tradition. I've certainly never seen anything like it before."
"Other places don't experience such service. That's why it's such a unique experience for our tourists," Hamilton responded matter-of-factly. "We even tie it to our village's legend."
Wynter raised her eyebrows. "Legend? What legend?"
"The tale of the River God seeking a bride." Hamilton was a skilled manipulator. The more groundwork he laid now, the more it would shape everything that followed into nothing more than an experience in his target's eyes.
No matter what happened, he believed that Wynter would never suspect that she was meant to stay there permanently.
But unfortunately for him, his target was Wynter.
"Ah, the River God seeking a bride. If I recall, the textbook version of that story isn't exactly cheerful," Wynter said as she glanced at Layla's expression.
Layla was visibly enraged by her words, muttering something under her breath.
Hamilton gave Layla a subtle nudge before smiling at Wynter as he continued, "The things in textbooks are lifeless and incomplete-they don't capture the full picture.
"When the River God descends... Whether you've seen it or not, as long as you're in its presence, you're guaranteed a long and prosperous life."
Wynter raised her eyebrows again. "Is there such a thing?"
"Of course," Hamilton said confidently. "Those who haven't experienced it wouldn't understand. The River God doesn't just bring us longevity but also grants us great fortune and success."
Wynter chuckled. "The way you're talking, it's as if you've actually seen the River God yourself. Aren't we just here to experience the custom?"
"Yes, it's all about experiencing the custom," Hamilton continued. "Although, you might not believe me if I told you that not everyone here can actually see the River God. But some people truly have. For instance, my mother. Isn't that right, Mom?"
Layla nodded.
"Is it that miraculous?" Wynter asked with raised eyes.
"You might not understand just how remarkable this mountain is. Let me put it this way. This place is built on Celestial Force, and the layout here was guided by a medium." Hamilton spoke with pride.
"Even flying serpents can ascend to dragons. You young folks these days are all about wealth, aren't you? If you do end up meeting the River God, you'd better pay your respects properly."
Wynter didn't miss a beat, keeping her tone light as she replied, "If that's the case, I should definitely say a few extra prayers if I meet it. It would be a shame not to."
"That's the spirit. Time is running short. Mom, hurry up," Hamilton said in Cascadian before suddenly switching to Cantonian. "The River God won't tolerate lateness."
"I know. Where did you find this girl? She's so ignorant," Layla muttered in Cantonian as her gaze fell darkly on Wynter. "I can't stand these unruly ones. What if she offends the River God later?"
Hearing their exchange, Wynter hid her face behind her hand fan, revealing only her amused eyes. She knew they didn't know she could understand Cantonian. If they did, they wouldn't have been so brazen in discussing such matters in front of her.
She didn't let on that she understood every word. Instead, she laughed softly. "This outfit is fantastic-the accessories even look like solid gold. This experience really is worth every penny."
Hamilton glanced at the time, noting it was getting close. "Customer satisfaction has always been our goal. We're hoping that more people will come here to visit through you young folks' promotion. Anyway, enough of that for now I'll take you to the carriage in a bit.
"The carriage will travel for some time. After all, it's meant to replicate grand weddings. Once you're inside, don't panic or make a fuss. There will be offerings in the carriage, and you're welcome to eat them if you like."
Wynter twirled the hairpin in her hand. "Such thoughtful service."
"Of course," Hamilton replied, smiling like a simple and earnest merchant.
A typical girl brought to a place like this might truly believe it was just a cultural experience. After all, travel influencers these days often described their adventures the same way.
Still, Wynter thought she ought to stay on guard in a place like this.
Hamilton continued, "Once the carriage stops, you'll naturally know when to get out. But, you must be well- behaved. The River God likes obedient brides."
Wynter's smile deepened. "Don't worry. I know. I'll be very obedient."
Obedient enough to make this so-called River God remember her for a lifetime.
"Oh, by the way, where's my boyfriend?" Wynter asked, her gaze sharp as it fixed on Hamilton. "I just called him, but he didn't pick up."
Hamilton offered an explanation. "Maybe the noise outside was too loud for him to hear. They're still setting off fireworks near the river. Once you're in the carriage, you can try calling him again."
Once she was in, though, there would never be a chance for her to get out.
However, Wynter wasn't worried about herself. Her concern was for Dalton. It was very uncharacteristic of him to ignore her calls for no reason.
But considering Hamilton's abilities, it didn't seem likely that he could pose a real threat to him.
So, why hadn't he answered? Could it really just be that he hadn't heard it?
A slight frown appeared between Wynter's brows. She was starting to regret not bringing Whitley or Wolf along. Especially Wolf if he were to stand by the river, this so-called River God would probably be scared out of its wits, just like the last time with Sothoth. In Wolf's presence, it had trembled from head to toe in sheer terror.
She wouldn't have to bother with wearing a wedding dress then.
Hamilton stood behind Wynter, giving Layla a meaningful look.
Without hesitation, she retrieved the remaining hair accessories. Among them was an especially ornate flower hairpin, adorned with cascading crystal tassels that sparkled brilliantly.
Just like before, Layla smoothed Wynter's hair and, after completing her preparations, fixed the final touch-a bridal veil-over Wynter's head. At that exact moment, she secured the exquisite flower hairpin in place.
It was instantaneous. Wynter's thoughts froze, and fragments of her memories seemed to drain from her mind, slipping away like sand through her fingers. Seated before the bronze mirror, only one thought remained clear in her now-vacant mind-marriage.
She even picked up a lipstick from the side and began to touch up her makeup.
Seeing this, Hamilton visibly relaxed. After all, no one had ever escaped this flower hairpin's curse. Whoever wore
it would forget everything everything except their impending marriage to the love of their life.
Layla finally smiled in satisfaction. "Now, that's better. Stop bringing ones like this again. Do you hear me?"
Hamilton nodded before gesturing with his hand.
Villagers carrying torches entered the room. As they approached, they stood behind Hamilton and addressed Layla respectfully, "Clan leader."
It turned out that Layla, who had been dressing Wynter, was the village's clan leader.
She looked up and straightened slightly, her voice aged. "Bring the bride to the carriage! Present her to the River God!" She repeated these sentences twice.
The chant rippled through the crowd, echoing outside. The altar was already prepared. With one sweeping motion, torches were lit, their flames devouring the dark sky.
Layla pulled out a bundle of golden parchment. With a flick of her wrist, she tossed the papers skyward while chanting, "One union for bountiful harvests. Two unions for prosperity to rain upon us. Three unions for a life of
endless longevity.
"River God, we humbly request your presence!"
Something metallic jangled faintly.
"River God, we humbly request your presence! We've sent you your bride!"
Amid the cries, Layla led Wynter toward the carriage. Wynter, like a soulless marionette, was guided forward, her movements devoid of will.
She settled into the carriage, its red silk draped low, each strand intricately woven with complex and exquisite golden patterns, resembling brilliant clouds from the heavens descending to earth.
On either side of the carriage, flowers of every color vied for attention, their beauty competing for the spotlight.
Wynter, dressed in a magnificent bridal gown, sat at the carriage's center.
The gown was embroidered with vivid phoenix patterns, and golden threads sparkled in the sunlight, complementing the gold hairpins and emerald ornaments adorning her head, which made her seem even more
distinguished.
As the celebratory drumbeats sounded, the carriage slowly began its procession.
The villagers lined the sides, watching quietly. There were no expressions on their faces, except for Carmila, who
had spoken to Wynter earlier. Her eyes were filled with concern, while the others seemed eager to quickly carry the carriage to the riverbed.
The village was quiet yet strangely lively, as if the entire place was in a state of hushed anticipation. There were no animals in sight, and under the moonlight, the river lay still and serene.
Leo, who was hidden within Wynter's purple sugilite pendant, was truly anxious now. He realized that this was no ordinary wedding ceremony. If the ritual were completed, Wynter's very soul would belong to the other party. He
had to stop this! Hence, ignoring the oppressive sound of the bells on the carriage, he transformed into his human form.
With small hands, he quickly shook Wynter. "Master, wake up! You can't go forward any longer. You'll become the dragon's wife if you enter the riverbed! Master!"
Soon enough, Leo quickly noticed something wrong with Wynter.
"Master, is your soul trapped?" His eyes widened in shock. "How is this possible? What could possibly trap your soul? You're a brilliant cultivator with the Soul Commanding Badge!"
Leo genuinely couldn't believe it. From his perspective, this was utterly unnatural. With Wynter's cultivation, nothing ordinary should be able to influence her, let alone trap her soul! Her spiritual roots were among the rarest
in the world.
Even if there was something with great resentment around, she would've sensed it. But now, even Leo couldn't detect any trace of resentment.
"What's going on? Master, speak to me! Master!"
Looking at the riverbed drawing nearer, Leo was so desperate he almost considered asking for help from other spirits. But he couldn't leave now as it would be even more dangerous to leave her alone in this state.
He couldn't help but wonder where Dalton was at such a time. If he didn't appear soon, Wynter would belong to
someone else!
Just then, the carriage suddenly came to a stop.
Moonlight filtered through the gaps in the tree leaves, casting dappled shadows on the carriage. As Wynter sat
silently inside, the surroundings were eerily quiet. Only the sounds of the villagers pushing the carriage toward the
river could be heard.
Leo was truly anxious now. He wanted to use his resentment to stop the ritual, but to his shock, he found that his resentment had no effect here it seemed to be suppressed by some unknown force!
"What now? What do I do?" Leo paced in circles, his mind racing.
As the veil atop Wynter's head fell, her stunningly beautiful face was revealed. She seemed even more ethereal,
fully dressed in her bridal attire under the moonlight. Her beauty seemed almost otherworldly, and at that moment, it was magnified to the extreme.
Leo couldn't help but gasp. To him, Wynter was really beautiful. She looked just like the angels in stories, living high up in the mountains... though, she could also be a demon. It was hard to say with how she looked. Wynter was usually dressed in black and white, looking cool and aloof. But now, in these bright, fiery colors, she
seemed to radiate beauty to the core, especially with the phoenix crown and the exquisite flower hairpin on her
head.
"Wait! The flower hairpin!" Leo seemed to realize something.
It wasn't resentment he had sensed. was the overwhelming force of heavenly luck tied to that flower hairpin.
That energy's presence nearly threw Leo out of the carriage!
Leo quickly steadied himself and retreated back into the purple sugilite pendant.
He recalled something Morna, the keeper of the afterlife from the ninth level of hell who made sure spirits forgot their past lives as they crossed into the next, had once said.
Years ago, a powerful individual had used heavenly luck and the Eclipse Bloom to craft a hairpin. Any woman who wore that hairpin would willingly marry and would only obey her husband.
At the time, Leo had thought it was just a tale. Morna had warned him not to take it too seriously, as not everyone
could use the heavenly law. But now, he was facing this story in reality. That very hairpin was now in Wynter's hair! No wonder even someone as astute as Wynter, a cultivator immense skill, hadn't noticed anything wrong.
In the cultivators' eyes, anything related to the heavenly law was considered incredibly auspicious. A blessing,
never a curse. Thus, Wynter had no reason to be suspicious.
Leo was at a complete loss now. He recalled that the hairpin could only be removed by the one who had originally
forged it. What if it remained on Wynter's head forever? Wouldn't she become a puppet without emotions, left
vulnerable to the serpent waiting in the underworld?
Meanwhile, in the water cave, the dragon could hear the commotion outside. The sounds of drums were lively and
filled the air. It relished the noise, savoring the ritual's atmosphere.
After all, humans were powerless in the face of its presence, and it had always had a fondness for human maidens.
The saying that snakes were creatures of lust wasn't without reason.
It didn't need to be said for one to imagine how many people it had ruined over the years. But it didn't think of itself as a villain. Instead, it believed its arrival in this world was a blessing for the villagers.
With that thought, it transformed into its human shape, stepping forward, eager to make its presence known.
However, just as it took its first step, it froze. There, just outside of the water cave, was a tall figure who should not have been there.
###chapter1713
Chapter 1713 Marriage Night
The moon hung low in the sky, and the slender figure seemed to mold seamlessly into the darkness. He walked forward soundlessly, bathed in moonlight.
The "River God", Zhask, was momentarily stunned but quickly recovered. "How dare a foolish mortal trespass on a god's domain? Do you have no regard for your life?"
It advanced step by step, prepared to strike mercilessly-until the figure drew nearer. Under the moonlight, a refined and noble face was revealed.
Zhask froze in its tracks, stiffening in fear.
Before it could speak, the black serpent's head shot out from a nearby cage. "How bold of you! Speaking to the lord like that it seems like you are prepared for death!"
Zhask looked at the black serpent before darting its gaze toward the figure again. The moonlight shone brightly, and Dalton's visage became fully visible.
One look was enough to send a cold shiver down its spine. It shuddered violently and immediately reverted from its human form. "M-My lord! What brings you here? Weren't you..."
Zhask didn't dare speak his mind any longer, though he was sure Dalton had been sealed away by that most talented grand master! It remembered clearly Dalton had defied the heavenly laws by questioning its fairness. How had he broken free? When did this happen? Why hadn't the old cultivator given it even a hint of this news? Zhask trembled uncontrollably. If it had known Dalton was free, it would never have dared to meddle in this village! It couldn't help but wonder if he knew that it had also been tampering with the weather cycles.
It dared not to lift its head any longer, its mind racing with desperate thoughts of self-preservation.
It would never forget the first time it encountered Dalton. Back then, it was nothing more than an ordinary snake. He had passed by, and so happened to have casually saved it. However, in a matter of days, it had managed to evolve into a dragon.
Everyone knew it owed its existence to the heavenly luck. Even the most venerable cultivators bowed to it, all because of the faint trace of Dalton's energy lingering on its body. That energy alone had elevated its destiny.
Zhask knew well enough who gave it the life it had today. But now, it was terrified that Dalton had come to reclaim what was his.
Dalton's pitch-black eyes were like black holes with impenetrable depth. His entire being radiated a terrifying presence, as if he could see straight through Zhask's thoughts.
Step by step, he advanced toward the trembling creature, each footfall sending shockwaves through its very soul, rendering it utterly immobile.
"I hear you've been living quite the luxurious life as a 'god' here," Dalton said, his voice low but bone-chilling. Zhask shuddered violently, the gold coin it had been holding in its mouth clattering to the ground.
Its cave was a chaotic blend of gleaming treasures and scattered skeletons.
The black serpent saw red at the sight. Emboldened by Dalton's presence, it raised its head and hissed sharply," Didn't you hear the lord's question? Weren't you bragging about killing him just now? What's wrong? Cat got your tongue?"
Zhask hurriedly wiped his sweat. "M-My lord, this wasn't my idea! An old cultivator threatened me! He said he'd destroy my soul if I didn't obey. You know how it is I couldn't resist someone with that kind of power! I didn't have a choice."
Its sudden surrender was almost laughable. One moment, it had been ready to kill, and the next, it was groveling in fear.
Dalton arched his eyebrows. "An old cultivator?"
Zhask sensed an opportunity to mitigate its predicament. "Yes, yes! An old cultivator with extremely high cultivation! But it's not just his power-it's because he carries something of yours, my lord!"
Just as Dalton was about to press for more details, the commotion outside the water cave suddenly ceased. Instead, the sound of musical instruments drew closer, followed by a loud cry. "Set the carriage down!" The ornate red carriage was placed at the cave's entrance. Inside, Wynter sat motionless, her face devoid of expression, as lifeless as a puppet.
It turned out that the River God's wedding didn't involve letting the carriage drift along the river. Instead, it traveled a short distance over water before the bearers lifted it and carried it into a mountain cave.
Standing outside the cave was Layla with a head full of silver hair. Leaning on her cane, she scattered golden parchment offerings toward the sky, her tone reverent. "Oh, esteemed River God, the offerings for this year have arrived. Would you come out to take a look?"
Zhask wiped its sweat anxiously, too terrified to step forward.
Turned out, Layla wasn't just any common mortal, but someone capable of communion with the divine. It was no wonder she acted more like a cult leader than a clan leader.
She mistook the silence for displeasure and hurriedly continued, "River God, please calm your anger. This year's bride will surely bring you joy."
Still, there was no response from within the cave.
Hamilton furrowed his brows. "Mom, isn't the River God usually quick to appear to personally bring the bride inside? Why isn't he responding today?"
Layla narrowed her eyes, her voice low and firm. "Silence. The River God's moods are not for you to question." Hamilton replied anxiously, "I was just worried that he might not heed our prayers despite us bringing the bride." Layla raised the gold ingot offering in her hands high above her head. "Oh, mighty River God, you may not know this, but the villagers have been plagued by illness. What starts as a mild sickness ends in death without fail. our generations
"Esteemed River God, you hold dominion over the rivers and the flow fortune. For the sake of devotion, we implore you to grant us a sliver of your fortune."
The cave remained eerily quiet.
Though disappointed, Layla knew better than to push it. "River God, I shall leave the bride here for you. I trust in your compassion and believe you will not allow your worshippers to fall into ruin."
With that said, she made a hand gesture, signaling for the others to retreat.
Hamilton opened his mouth to protest but stopped at a single glance from Layla.
"We'll discuss this later. Remember, the River God didn't reject the bride. This is a sign of his favor," she said firmly.
In truth, those girls who survived in the past weren't lucky at all. It was simply because the so-called River God didn't fancy them, and the villagers conveniently found an excuse to marry them off elsewhere.
Just like in those old myths, girls who had once been the River God's brides would mysteriously end up pregnant. The so-called River God was nothing more than a lustful serpent blessed with heavenly luck.
Dalton gazed down at the Zhask. "I warned you when I granted you enlightenment-follow Heaven's will and do not summon rain of your own accord. It seems my slumber has lasted too long, and even you have forgotten the rules."
Zhask could no longer hold itself upright, its legs trembling uncontrollably. "My lord, I swear, it was all because of that old cultivator! I wouldn't dare disobey your orders, not even if I had a thousand lives to gamble with!"
Before it could finish pleading, the black serpent interjected again, "Never mind your private rainfall. Let's talk about you harming innocent human girls! Do you know your crime? The only reason you're even groveling now is that the lord has arrived.
"And what's this nonsense about a 'River God's wedding?' Do you even realize who's sitting in that carriage? That's the lord's fiancée! You've got some nerve!"
Dalton cast a sidelong glance at the black serpent, and it immediately lowered its head in silence.
Hearing that, Zhask immediately knelt. "My lord, I wouldn't have dared to entertain such thoughts if I had known
the one in the carriage was your fiancée! This was all the humans' doing! They brought her here of their own accord. I didn't even want to accept her!"
"Didn't want to accept her?" Dalton's eyes swept over the piles of skeletons in the cave, their surfaces still emanating suffocating waves of resentment.
He walked toward Zhask, his tone still calm as ever. "Rape, murder, and plunder. You shall face torment in the Eternal Abyss. No reincarnation, ever."
Zhask frantically pleaded, its voice quivering with desperation, "My lord, I swear I'm not that kind of snake! The old cultivator forced me into this!"
Dalton raised a single finger. "Perish."
In an instant, Zhask vanished without a trace, its existence obliterated.
The black serpent stared wide-eyed at the spectacle, its serpentine features frozen in shock. "My lord is still the same as ever-turning creatures to dust with just a flick of his finger."
Simultaneously, it felt a surge of relief that it hadn't crossed Dalton. Otherwise, knew it would have shared
Zhask's fate.
Dalton paid no heed to the serpent's remarks. Instead, he turned and strode toward the carriage sitting outside the
water cave.
The night was breathtakingly beautiful, with moonlight dancing on the river's surface, reflecting off the gently swaying water lilies.
The place had always been considered a blessed land, and for good reason. It truly resembled a paradise, with a thin veil of mist draping over the mountain valley, dotted with clusters of blooming purple asters.
If not for the ominous legends of the River God, this would undoubtedly be a haven that everyone longed to visit.
Inside the carriage, Leo could clearly sense someone approaching. He had never felt such a genuine surge of
urgency.
There was no response from Wynter no matter how much he shook her. Danger loomed mere steps away, yet she waking. Was she really going to become this so-called River God's bride? Leo refused to
showed no signs
entertain such nonsense!
He knew there was no such thing as a River God. It was merely a serpent who had transformed into a dragon! Under normal circumstances, Wynter could have easily subdued it and used it as a skipping rope. Yet, was she now about to marry it? It was unthinkable!
"No way!" Leo muttered fiercely, determination blazing in its eyes. He had to protect Wynter at all costs. No matter how powerful the dragon was, he would stand his ground even if it meant sacrificing his own essence!
Leo braced himself for a last-ditch effort to defend Wynter. Meanwhile, Dalton was already striding toward the carriage. He lifted his hand and pushed the curtain aside. "You disgusting snake! Go to hell!" Leo shouted, launching himself toward Dalton's chest with all his might. But before he could land a finger on Dalton, he suddenly stopped mid-track. Leo's round eyes widened in shock." My... My lord?"
Of all the scenarios he had imagined, this was the last it expected. The person lifting the curtain wasn't the "River God"-it was Dalton!
"Weren't.... Weren't you taken..." Leo didn't finish his sentence. He had wanted to ask how he was here if the villagers had taken him away. But realizing how ridiculous his question was going to sound, he stopped himself. long as he was willing think, there was
He should have known-Dalton always seemed to know everything.
nothing he wouldn't know.
Perhaps he had even predicted this situation in advance and arranged to intercept them here. If so, that level of
calculation was terrifying.
Leo knew he wasn't one to be messed with. He was overwhelmed by a torrent of emotions, torn by the weight of
the stories he had heard about Dalton.
The tales spoke of his deep disdain for cultivators, especially his penchant for using grand masters' souls to
cleanse his resentful energy.
And yet, over time, Leo couldn't deny that Dalton had posed no direct harm to Wynter. He had provided whatever
she desired without question. His actions had nearly lulled Leo into letting his guard down entirely.
But now, that innate sense of unease clawed its way back.
Dalton was Wynter's fiancé. And though moments earlier, he had secretly hoped for his arrival, his sudden appearance and in such a commanding manner-left Leo unsure of what to do.
He wasn't sure if it was the right move to step aside. After all, Dalton's power far surpassed that of 100 dragons.
Dalton didn't need to ask to know what Leo was thinking. However, he had no intention of reasoning with a child. With a flick of his wrist, he grabbed Leo and tossed it to the crow, who had assumed a human form.
With a Savior's blessing, one could gain 100 years of fortune. Though the idea of such power thrilled Leo, he wasn't about to betray Wynter for personal gain.
"My lord! If you do this... My master won't be pleased when she wakes up!" Leo exclaimed with all the courage he
could muster.
Dalton replied languidly, "I don't want to hear unpleasant words on my wedding day. Silence it."
The crow replied curtly, "Understood."
With a wave of his right hand, the atmosphere shifted immediately. A dense mix of fortune and spiritual energy
began to permeate the air.
Creatures of the mountain and wandering spirits were drawn to the scene. Even the restless demons lurking
underground stirred, daring to poke their heads out.
They couldn't resist. After all, a single breath of this air might help them escape some future tribulation. This wasn't the kind of ceremony that could belong to a mere River God.
Even the local mountain deity and a dryad emerged from the ground, bearing gifts.
Originally, the dryad had weak spiritual energy without the sustenance of faith. However, with this grand wedding,
he was suddenly revitalized, his glory shining once more.
"Have you heard? That lord is getting married!"
"Which lord?"
The dryad pointed toward the sky. In such a village, a faint trace of a phoenix could be seen gliding gracefully
through the clouds.
The villagers, too, were astonished. This wasn't like any previous River God wedding.
"What's going on? A whole flock of birds is flying that way!"
"Are they carrying flowers in their beaks?"
They were also carrying wine, though they were not visible to ordinary mortals.
Layla furrowed her brows in puzzlement. She couldn't tell that a great blessing was happening, given her limited
spiritual prowess.
"All right, everyone. Let's not disturb the River God," she addressed the others.
The villagers nodded, retreating toward the foot of the mountain. Meanwhile, Wynter sat quietly in the carriage's center. Her elaborate outfit only enhanced her ethereal beauty, as
if she was an angel descended from the heavens, untouched by mortal concerns.
Dalton looked at her face, his brow arching for a moment. Then, he bent down and lifted her out of the carriage in
his arms.
He gently touched her cheek. "It's a pity that you're not awake to see what's before you."
This scene was eerily familiar. But back then, she had despised him greatly.
His gaze then shifted to the flower hairpin in her hair. From the moment he entered this village, he had sensed the
presence of something of his own nearby. He hadn't expected it to be the hairpin he had crafted- the very one that had caused Wynter to be unable to move.
His eyes turned to the purple sugilite pendant hanging around her neck. He said casually, "If she finds out even a fraction of this, your souls will cease to exist."
The spirits inside the pendant dared not lift even a finger after hearing his words, fearful of being destroyed by
him.
###chapter1714
Chapter 1714 The Affectionate Couple
Wynter remained unaware of her surroundings, wandering deep into her subconscious. The hem of her wedding dress swept against the ground as Dalton carried her, seemingly leaving faint ripples in the water.
The night darkened to an inky blackness. In the distance, the azure spring steamed with a warm mist, surrounded by lush greenery that painted a dreamy scene. The natural hot spring, fed by the mountain streams, was veiled in the lavender's soothing aroma lulled all into a peaceful slumber.
Everything had been arranged by the crow himself, including the wedding room's decor. While not a difficult task for a mythical beast, the crow feared the consequences of Dalton's decision.
By all accounts, Dalton was forbidden from marrying-his last marriage had caused many grand masters' downfall. That said, Dalton had no part in it. After all, some things would inevitably decline when they reached their peaks.
Dalton had always remained impassive until he met a certain cultivator. Whenever he thought of marriage, she would come to mind. Unfortunately, his previous wedding had been anything but a pleasant memory.
Lifting his gaze, the crow watched as beings from the three realms arrived to offer their congratulations.
He halted momentarily and inadvertently glanced at the foggy distance, where a pair of cold eyes loomed within. The figure, draped in long black hair, resembled a nobleman from the depths of hell.
The crow quickly averted his gaze, recognizing the warning in that gaze. Dressed in his past outfit, Dalton appeared just as he had been when he first stepped into the human realm.
The demons widened their eyes at the sight and started whispering among themselves.
"Don't you think he looks different this time?"
"That's what I thought! The lord seems gentler than before," a demon chimed in.
"Same here. The souls in the underworld were kept in check during his reign-one wrong move, and they'd be pleading for mercy."
The demons instantly shrank back when Dalton swept a glance over them.
"What a nostalgic feeling. The lord still carries that intimidating presence, cracking his whip even from a great distance."
"It seems like the lord has changed. His attitude toward us hasn't softened, but all his tenderness seems to be reserved for that lady," a demon noted.
As Dalton carefully led Wynter into the decorated wedding hall, a dryad bowed deeply and handed him a pair of wedding rings.
"My lord, this is the human realm's tradition. The bride and groom will exchange rings as a sign of their eternal love," the dryad explained.
She was once the most revered spirit among the people. Aside from the salamanders and leprechauns, the dryad received the strongest devotion. Though the wedding rings she presented seemed plain, they carried the essence of countless joys.
An ordinary couple would surely lead to a blissful marriage upon receiving the rings. But for Dalton, they were useless. As the one who bestowed blessings and delivered punishments to humans, neither could touch him.
Despite knowing the truth, the dryad offered pleasant words. "It's my greatest honor to witness your marriage, my lord."
The air around them was filled with heavenly energy. The dryad couldn't help but believe that the wedding guests were truly fortunate, as though even the gravest sins had been pardoned.
A phoenix soared overhead and placed flowers on Wynter's head, symbolizing wealth and prosperity.
Dalton showed unexpected courtesy toward the dryad. "Since you're familiar with human customs, you shall host the ceremony."
The dryad complied with his request as her eyes lit up excitedly. It would benefit the locals if her energy grew stronger. However, only a few worshipped her in recent years. Hardly anyone had visited her temple, likely due to its small size. In fact, no one came at all.
The villagers chose to devote themselves to the river god-more precisely, it was a deceptive, malevolent dragon they revered. Left without a home, the dryad could only wander like a lost soul.
Though she was meant to fade away in half a year, the dryad was now overflowing with energy.
Before the couple, two seats were placed to represent Theo and Fabian. After placing a ring into Wynter's palm and the other in Dalton's, the dryad naturally called for the couple to exchange their wedding rings.
Just as Dalton was about to slip the wedding ring onto Wynter's finger, a powerful energy suddenly erupted throughout the underworld. The underworld guards were shocked as the mountains quivered, as if an earthquake had struck.
Dark clouds swirled in the sky, as though the heavens were condemning the marriage. Yet, Dalton remained unfazed.
The underworld quaked so much that the ghouls scrambled to retrieve their fallen heads. Even the unborn spirit waiting in line on the bridge couldn't help but inquire, "Do we still need to drink that?"
They were referring to the cup of spilled water that Morna had handed them.
The chaos was all caused by Dalton's attempt to exchange the wedding rings. If Wynter had been conscious, she would've surely noticed something was off about him. After all, whose marriage could possibly shake the earth and sky? Only Dalton's, it seemed.
The crow silently stood at the side as more and more beings from the three realms gathered. They were eager to draw closer, unwilling to pass up the rare chance to claim a bit of heavenly luck
Upon recognizing Dalton's identity, the dryad hurriedly concluded the ceremony. "The newlyweds may now return to the wedding room."
Dalton silently glanced at Wynter before picking her up. He even set up a barrier that stretched for 100 miles, preventing any human or soul from approaching. All contact was severed within the barrier, as if time itself had come to a halt.
Knowing that Dalton didn't want to be bothered, the malevolent spirits sensibly returned to the underworld. Even the animals displayed shrewdness-a caterpillar would've successfully turned into a butterfly in such rare encounters. It was a blessing gifted by the heavens.
But it wasn't only the animals that felt the change. Both the ancient and fearsome beasts that had accompanied Dalton for years responded strongly to the surge of heavenly luck.
Whitley, the silent young man, struggled to contain the power awakening in his blood. Wolf, who had been guarding Logan, hung around in the courtyard. His erratic behavior terrified the restless souls across the streets.
Yet, Wynter remained unaware of the turmoil surrounding her. With the hairpin tethering her soul, she witnessed various scenes playing out in her subconscious-Fabian's death, her brothers' tragic fates, and Marie's and Reuben's demise.
Wynter reached out, desperate to save her family. However, her hands passed through them as they faded away. Amid her fury, she felt a gaze upon her. She turned around to see a man, but his face was obscured.
"You're weak," stated the man.
Wynter charged forward and flung her needles at him. Yet, the needles froze midair, just two inches away from him, as if halted by an invisible wall. No matter how Wynter ran, she couldn't close the distance between them.
"It's pointless," the man added.
Wynter closed her eyes to calm her mind. A burst of energy suddenly coursed within her, and she opened her eyes once more to face the empty space.
She drew a needle and threw it ahead, muttering a spell under her breath. A crack appeared and slowly widened before her. Just when she thought it was over, she was pulled into another dream.
In that dream, she appeared to be at a wedding in the mountains. The sky above stood full of ethereal beings, with heavy chants warning her to cease the ceremony.
A single drop of water splashed onto the bluestone. A large, dreamy Victorian bed gleamed in the heart of the natural hot spring, reflecting a beautiful yet illusory world.
Had Wynter been conscious, she would've recognized the scene as one from the distant past. It was a vision that occurred frequently in her dreams, along with the golden cuffs binding her legs and the faint ringing of bells. Alas, she remained lost in her slumber.
Within the tranquil space, Dalton removed Wynter's wedding dress before carrying her into the hot spring. Dressed only in her undergarments, Wynter was placed against the edge as the warm waters rose to her shoulders.
Her pale face flushed with a rosy hue, and her skin as smooth as silk. Bathed in the soft light, she radiated the delicate beauty of a porcelain doll. Part of her black hair floated atop the water, while the rest cascaded alluringly against her back.
At the tempting sight, Dalton encircled her waist with one hand and gazed at her hair. He knew exactly what adorned her head, for he had been the one to prepare it in the past. Yet, it only brought back some unpleasant
memories.
He had once resorted to such schemes when she showed her disdain for him. But now, he had no intention of using
the same trick.
The moment Dalton removed the hairpin, Wynter was enveloped by his calm, soothing scent. Unlike those that made her recoil, it was a natural, pleasing scent that brought her a sense of ease.
She felt his strong arm tightening around her waist, leaving her no room to struggle. They were so close that they could practically feel each other's breath.
Stunned, Wynter mistook him for Zhask and attempted to break his arm. She hastily shot out a hand, but Dalton caught her wrist as he held her against him. The next second, they tumbled into the warm waters together.
Finding the heat unbearable, Wynter emerged from the hot spring. The dim surroundings and foggy mist clouded her vision, making it hard to see clearly. Before she could speak, she was forcibly pulled away and pinned against a
boulder.
As Dalton moved in behind her, she could feel his muscular chest pressing against her back. A strong hand slid to her front, tearing her undergarment from her shoulders and using it to bind her wrists.
Dalton let out a chuckle, his presence blending seamlessly with the darkness. Rubbing Wynter's lips, he gazed at her alluringly as his handsome face drew closer.
Wynter frowned and attempted to turn away, but he caught her jaw. "Why are you hiding?" he asked.
His deep baritone voice sent a shiver through Wynter, stirring an irresistible temptation. He moved a hand to her silky nape, gently caressing it as if evaluating his meal's quality. As his fingers traced down her neck, she felt a slight tingle run through her and instinctively gulped.
No longer holding back, Dalton grabbed a handful of her hair and tilted her head. The atmosphere grew steamy and sensual as they pressed close together.
Wynter felt her strength fading as she struggled to move, but her hands were tied. His body's heat enveloped her, and she could feel his shape against her skin. Flustered and embarrassed, she desperately wished to escape from
the intimate moment.
Dalton seemed to sense her discomfort, letting out a soft chuckle that her lips drowned out.
Though he seemed to be holding her gently a second ago, he then ruthlessly pinned her against the bluestone and
pressed his body close to hers. His fingers gracefully twirled her hair as his teeth sank into her earlobe. Wynter trembled and closed her eyes. The cold bluestone beneath her clashed with Dalton's warmth, making her desperate to break free from the discomfort. However, her attempts only seemed to awaken something deep within Dalton.
He gazed down at Wynter, whose quivering figure was as fragile and beautiful as shattered porcelain. A soft blush colored her skin, and her teary eyes held a captivating allure. It was truly a beautiful sight.
When she closed her eyes, she seemed to radiate fragility, stirring within him an overwhelming urge to break her. Picking Wynter up, Dalton gently set her aside before pressing his warm lips against her bare back.
"No... Don't touch it there..." Wynter gasped as she felt her fingers going numb.
She could faintly hear the maids' footsteps just outside. Despite being concealed behind bushes and tree shades, she felt her nerves heighten at the sound of the rushing footsteps in the distance.
What was forbidden felt even sweeter and thrilling. All of a sudden, Dalton held her chin and tilted her head back, planting kisses along her delicate neck.
###chapter1715
Chapter 1715 She Found the Reason
For an instance, Wynter wondered if she was caught in a dream or facing reality. It wasn't the first time she had such dreams, but none had felt so vivid.
She lifted her gaze and locked eyes with Dalton. His hair, slightly unkempt, added a touch of wickedness to his elegant bearing. Everything around her seemed unfamiliar, yet Wynter couldn't shake the feeling that she had experienced it before.
Several images flashed across her mind, too fleeting for her to capture even a glimpse. With her thoughts clouded, she now understood why even the strongest heroes faltered before a beautiful woman.
Dalton was acting differently than usual, and Wynter doubted anyone else could witness his unusual behavior. She could hardly think straight as the tantalizing scent of vanilla wafted toward her. Even in such moments, Dalton remained as irresistible as ever.
Wynter, ever the hedonist, might have taken the initiative had the moment been right. But a flood of images clouded her mind, and she couldn't shake the feeling that they should be in a palace instead.
without thinking further, she halted Dalton's movements and demanded, "What's going on here?"
Dalton's gaze darkened when he recognized her reluctance. With a hand on her waist, he pulled her closer but stopped short of further intimacy. "It's exactly what you see. I'm the one marrying you."
Wynter found it hard to carry on with the conversation in such an intimate position. She could even feel their breaths growing warm against each other.
Desperate to regain her composure, she shifted her gaze to the hairpin. "It's because of the hairpin that. I was stuck in the formation, isn't it?"
Dalton only offered a vague response as he retrieved his arm. The intimate vibe between the two started to wane. Noticing the wedding dress on the ground, Wynter narrowed her eyes and asked, "What about the River God?" Despite recognizing Zhask as a dragon, she sensed no trace of him. To her surprise, the surrounding air was thick with heavenly energy-a situation she had never encountered before.
"He's dead," Dalton replied, clearly displeased that their lovely moment had been interrupted.
When Wynter frowned at his response, he added calmly, "I was abducted here. He was interested in my fortune and tried to steal it but got struck down by lightning,"
Dalton's expression remained impassive as he gave his explanation. Plus, there were burning traces of lightning, just like he said.
Logically speaking, his statement seemed plausible. After all, dragons were infamously known for stealing other's fortunes. Still, Wynter couldn't shake the feeling of loss over Zhask's death-there were so many questions she hoped to ask.
It was obvious that the rain ritual was flawed, but who was the one ordering him to perform it? What had brought him to the village? With Zhask gone, those answers seemed lost forever.
"I did ask him about it, but it turns out he had little involvement. That said, he's not entirely innocent, either," Dalton stated calmly.
Wynter arched an eyebrow, knowing that Dalton had been keeping secrets from her. Although she was skeptical about his earlier answer, she understood now wasn't the right time to discuss it.
"If the dragon has little to do with the polluted river, then there's something I've missed," Wynter mused and swiftly stood up from the waters.
Her beauty was undeniable, and her long hair and slender legs only enhanced her allure. The next second, she draped the wedding gown around her.
"That dragon has likely set up an Illusion Formation here. Come on, let's get out of this place and meet p with my
men," she urged, worrying that something might happen to Balmond, who was waiting outside.
Dalton hummed in response before glancing at the flower hairpin. Since olden days, he had never been the only one in her thoughts. Perhaps, the time had yet to come.
Dalton chuckled softly as the mist thickened, masking the surroundings into the perfect formation that Zhask might have crafted. For the crow, a mythical beast, conjuring such a disguise was child's play.
When Wynter and Dalton stepped out in full attire, there was no one in sight. The river returned to its normal state once the heavenly energy had dissipated, leaving Wynter with the sense that something was amiss.
As the trees had obstructed her view earlier, she hadn't noticed the river's strange alignment. Moreover, the once crystal-clear riverbed had now turned murky.
Wynter narrowed her eyes and turned her gaze toward the west, where the moonlight failed to reach.
Before Dalton could say a word, she noticed a monkey carcass by the riverbank and approached it. She poked a silver needle into the carcass, then drew it out to find the color stayed unchanged.
She turned to the black serpent and asked, "Come here for a sec, Blackie. Can you taste the water and check its quality?"
Blackie was alarmed. "What if I die after tasting the water, my lady? Not that I mind dying, but I need to land an official job first! I can't let my life end over a petty cause!"
However, Wynter grabbed his head and dunked it into the water. "What are you worried about? You're immune to poison!"
Poor Blackie gurgled in the water a few times before Wynter pulled him back up. "So, how's the taste?" she asked. Blackie shook his head and exclaimed, "It's denser than the river at the farmer's market!"
As Wynter nodded at his words, Balmond came over and reported, "I investigated the village, Boss. It seems the villagers have been seriously ill. The ritual is usually held once a year, but they've been doing it more often, hoping the river god will rid them of the illness."
Wynter gave a brief acknowledgment just as Hamilton and Layla arrived with the other villagers. Upon seeing Wynter standing there, Hamilton demanded angrily, "How are you awake? Where's the River God?"
Wynter glanced back and replied, "I guess the River God is a coward, Mr. Clove. He fled the moment he saw my face. Maybe I'm not his type."
"Speak! Where did you hide the River God? We can't be cured without him! It's all your fault!" Layla demanded in Cantonian.
Hamilton was about to translate when they heard Wynter speak in perfect Cantonian. "I have no idea where he's gone, and it's not like you can't be cured. You put too much faith in this so-called River God and his powers, treating a mere dragon as a deity.
"I've found the cause of your illness. There's a dead monkey in the river-the very same you've been drinking from. It was all fine before you fell ill recently. But instead of questioning the water, you believed the River God's wrath was to blame and tried to appease him."
However, Hamilton voiced his doubts about her claims. "You're nothing but words. We've been drinking from the river for ages, so it's hard to believe there's anything wrong with the water.
"Now that the River God is gone, we're left to wait for death! But before that, we'll have to deal with you!"
"But she's not a bad guy. She even gave me candies!" a child suddenly interjected amidst the crowd. She held her forehead and weakly leaned against her mother.
Noticing the child's worsening condition, Wynter walked over and ordered coldly, "Step aside. I'll perform acupuncture on her."
The villagers backed away when faced with her intimidating presence.
Wynter knelt to check the child's pulse, while her other hand gently caressed the child's forehead. The mother
anxiously questioned her skills, but she was more focused on the child's burning temperature and fitful coughs. Taking out a box of needles, Wynter inserted them into the child's acupuncture points. She then gave Balmond an instruction. "Seal off the entire village and examine every person here. Find the monkey carcasses for further analysis, and make sure to take protective measures."
As Balmond complied with her orders, the villagers couldn't help exchanging uneasy glances. Eventually, Hamilton stepped forward and asked, "Who are you, young lady?"
Balmond noticed that Wynter was busy with the treatment and answered for her, "We're from the CDC."
He briefly showed the villagers his license before putting it away. Though the villagers might not grasp the Special Unit's significance, they had at least heard of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
After performing the acupuncture, Wynter turned to Layla and inquired, "Who threw the carcass by the river?"
The villagers shook their heads, clearly unaware of what happened. However, Wynter caught a flicker of evasion in Layla's eyes. She dismissed the other villagers but kept Layla behind and confronted her.
"You were the one who did it, weren't you? There's no point in denying it. I wouldn't have kept you without any evidence," Wynter stated.
Layla appeared flustered but still refused to confess.
So, Wynter continued, "Do you realize the severity of penalties for water contamination? Especially with the river being upstream whatever happens down there is far worse."
Hearing that, Layla could no longer remain silent. "I admit that I threw the carcass, but it wasn't my intention! A medium visited the village some time ago and claimed that our ritual was flawed. The Ritual of Devotion is a custom exclusive to our village, so we were surprised to hear that.
"The medium claimed that sacrificing young girls wasn't enough and that we needed to place monkey carcasses by the riverbank to create a formation. We didn't trust him at first, but he warned that the River God would unleash his wrath if we didn't comply."
Wynter appeared unfazed by Layla's account and merely asked, "What does the medium look like?"
Layla scratched her head as she recalled. "I couldn't see his face clearly. When he stood near me, a fog seemed to obscure his face. Oh, but he was always accompanied by two medics. After gaining my approval, the three of them threw the carcasses by the riverbank."
"I see. Stay in the village for now. The medics will give you a thorough examination soon. And don't move the carcasses-they will be taken for further analysis," Wynter instructed.
Layla nodded compliantly at her words, fearful of being detained.
with that, Wynter led Dalton and Balmond out of the village. Once they reached the foot of the mountain, she ordered Balmond to investigate nearby hospitals to see if any patients there were showing new symptoms.
While Balmond contacted his team for the task, Wynter turned to Dalton and said, "Come with me to the farmers'
market. That place could use a proper reorganization."
Dalton smiled in response. "As you wish, Ms. Quinnell."
The couple chatted as they made their way to the farmers' market, where Wynter had already sent someone to discuss the acquisition. She intended to check on the progress but overheard the vendors' conversation.
"Are you really going to give up your stall, Oscar? We've been here for years. I can't think of anywhere else to go."
A vendor sighed.
"I'm following the young lady's advice. It's for my child's sake," Oscar replied.
"I don't want to give up my stall, either. Unlike you, Oscar, I have no children to care for, and I don't sell wild animals," another vendor said.
The conversation was cut short when Oscar noticed Wynter's arrival. He greeted her warmly, "Hello, young lady! I've been feeling so refreshed since I stopped selling wild animals. My back pain, which has been bothering me for
years, has eased as well. It's all thanks to you."
Noticing the ominous air around Oscar had faded, Wynter acknowledged his recognition of his past mistake.
She then gathered the vendors and announced, "Everyone, I've heard about the Quinnell Group's plan O acquire the farmers' market, and I want to clarify a few things.
"The Quinnell Group treats all of you fairly. They won't force any of you to give up your stall if you wish to stay. But if they take over the market, you're likely to earn more without worrying about germs or protection.
"You'll live healthier, and I'm sure you want the best for your family's well-being. The choice is yours." Unbeknownst to the crowd, someone had been recording the scene from a hidden corner.
Upon hearing Wynter's speech, the vendors couldn't help but exclaim, "Are you saying the acquisition will bring
in more profit than selling wild animals?"
Wynter affirmed, "You have my word. If you don't believe me, you can always verify with the Quinnells or
Yarwoods."
Initially, the vendors feared the acquisition would lead to a loss in profits. However, their concerns were soon relieved by Wynter's assurance. One by one, they voiced their approval.
At that moment, an extravagant man leading a crowd arrived at the entrance. They were all wearing identical badges. Wynter instantly recognized them with a swift glance.
"What brings you here, Ms. Quinnell? You should've informed us of your arrival. We would have prepared a proper welcome." The leader greeted Wynter respectfully, though he could barely conceal his disdainful smirk.
"You must be Mr. Tarvin, head of the Colifernia Chamber of Commerce. How do you know I'm here?" Wynter
inquired.
Biting on his cigar, Rohan Tarvin snickered. "I heard the Quinnell Group intends to acquire the farmers' market, so
I came to see for myself." Hearing that, the vendors stared at Wynter in disbelief.
"Is this young lady a member of the Quinnell Group? I heard the Quinnells recently found their lost daughter. Is
she the one?" someone inquired.
"I heard about it, too! Rumors said she's coming to Colifernia, but I didn't expect it to be true!" another exclaimed. Wynter narrowed her eyes on Rohan. "Are you trying to interfere with the acquisition, Mr. Tarvin?"
Rohan waved a dismissive hand. "We wouldn't dare, but the farmers' market falls under Colifernia's jurisdiction. Have you even consulted us before making your move?
"Don't get too cocky just because you're a Quinnell. In Colifernia, even the most powerful have to tread lightly."
He sent a puff of smoke in Wynter's direction as a clear sign of warning.
Wynter couldn't help but smirk at his words. "It seems like you're quite the impressive man in Colifernia, Mr.
Tarvin. If I recall clearly, Grandpa Gordon was the one who established the Colifernia Chamber of Commerce. Yet, you spoke as if you were its founder. "Besides, what does the chamber of commerce have anything to do with my acquisition of the market?"
Rohan took off his shades and glared at her. "What's in the past belongs in the past. Why bother with what's long gone? The Quinnells won't be acquiring the farmers' market because I say so!"
###chapter1716
Chapter 1716 Some Clues
As Wynter approached Rohan, she silently flung a silver needle at him. Rohan instantly dropped to his knees, as though his strength had been drained away.
The chamber of commerce members rushed to support him and glared at Wynter. "What did you do to Mr. Tarvin? "they demanded.
Wynter clapped her hands and glanced at Rohan. "Oh, nothing much. I was just keeping someone quiet. You sure know how to be ungrateful, Mr. Tarvin. It's a pity you're up against me--your good days are over.
"Just to be clear, it's not essential for me to acquire the market, but this place is dangerous. Unlike you guys, who only look out for yourselves, I have the people in mind."
As she spoke, a cultivator in his 40s, with a feather wand in hand, stepped out from the crowd. The chamber of commerce members hurriedly cleared a path for him, which further bolstered his ego.
The cultivator stopped beside Rohan, drawing out the silver needle from the latter's acupuncture point with a flick of the feather wand. He then turned to Wynter and chided, "You shouldn't needle others for no reason."
With a glance at his shoulder, Wynter recognized the cultivator as a disciple in Kaspar's lineage. Out of respect for Kaspar, she refrained from taking any action against them.
Instead, she explained calmly, "I don't usually act unless necessary. And when I do, it's because I'm dealing with a fiend."
Enraged by her words, Rohan attempted to order his men to strike but was stopped by the cultivator.
The cultivator approached Wynter and introduced himself, "I'm Cornelius Dagworth from Mt. Dragon, a disciple of the renowned cultivator, Alban Silvester. Did you mention this place is dangerous? That's ridiculous. "This site sits strategically at the heart of three vital geomantic points, benefitting from a clear north-south energy flow and sustained by the city's fortune. No matter how you look at it, it's a truly valuable spot. It's definitely not as you've claimed it is."
Although Wynter was more well-versed in fortune-telling and geomancy, she had no interest in debating theories with Cornelius. "Even with a highly strategic location, this area is overrun with humans and animals.
"Without proper management, it becomes a breeding ground for germs, risking potential outbreaks."
She continued calmly, "You're Mr. Silvester's disciple, you say? Does he not advise you to trust in science and medicines rather than relying on mediums? Let's be clear-it's the frontline workers who determine this place's cleanliness, not you."
Cornelius bristled at her words and retorted, "I know you're the Quinnell family's daughter. I've been showing you respect because they are acquainted with Mr. Silvester.
"However, I've trained for years at Mt. Dragon. While I may not be as powerful as Mr. Silvester, I do have some skills.
"But you, Ms. Quinnell, are nothing but ignorant. You insult Mt. Dragon's arts with your nonsensical words. It's an utter disgrace to the Quinnells' name. Or, are the youngsters nowadays perhaps prone to exaggeration?"
When Cornelius mentioned Alban, his eyes gleamed with admiration. In contrast, he addressed Wynter with a tone of disdain, seemingly belittling her for her background.
The chamber of commerce members echoed his assertion.
"Mr. Dagworth hails from Mt. Dragon, while you're just a girl taken in by the Quinnells. You don't measure up to him."
"Mr. Dagworth is the Colifernia Chamber of Commerce's esteemed guest. Since his arrival, we've been on an upward trajectory, especially with his participation in the Arcane Way Forum. He even triumphed over foreign fortune tellers recently, bringing great honor to Cascadia!" a member added.
Cornelius modestly raised a hand. "It's merely a title, nothing more. Let's stay modest."
As Rohan was assisted to his feet, he chimed in, "No need for modesty, Mr. Dagworth. That girl is all talk when she claims this place is dangerous. I'm sure she's just eyeing the profits from the acquisition. Unlike you, who seeks nothing but sees only this land's value."
Cornelius could barely hide his smirk as praises rained down on him. During his time on Mt. Dragon, he had been relegated to house chores and meal duties. While he occasionally trained with Alban, he was far outshone by his more talented peers.
He never expected to be recognized upon leaving the mountains. He had everything he wanted in the Colifernia Chamber of Commerce, to the point where he even dismissed Alban's calls. Lost in the flattery and praise, he started overestimating his capabilities.
Wynter ignored the surrounding murmurs and asked, "What's your relationship with Kaspar Stavius?"
Cornelius was taken aback by the question before replying, "He's Mr. Silvester's mentor. I never expect you to know about him. "
However, he falsely assumed that Wynter admired Mt. Dragon and hoped to train under Kaspar. So, he added smugly, "You're welcome to join Mt. Dragon, though Mr. Stavius is out of your league. I could take you on as my disciple. That way, you might have a chance to meet him."
Wynter couldn't help but chuckle at his words, wondering if Cornelius was truly Mt. Dragon's disciple. After all, he was nothing like Kaspar. She was certain Cornelius would be mortified if he learned that Kaspar had once considered training under her.
Upon hearing the chuckle, Cornelius interpreted it as mockery. "Why are you laughing? Am I not worthy of being your mentor?"
Wynter regained her composure and smirked. "No, you're not. You claimed this place is energized by a clear north south flow and sustained by the city's fortune, but you fail to realize that toxic energy could be flowing through instead
"With its strategic location, it could easily turn into a sinister site if exposed to bloody energy. Tell me, what should be avoided when arranging a formation?"
Cornelius shot her a sharp look at her professional inquiry. Still, he answered with clear disdain, "Closing off the energy gates, obviously."
Wynter continued, "And where, may I ask, is the energy gate of this farmers' market?"
Cornelius confidently performed a swift divination before glancing toward the southwest. "The energy gate is right at it's blocked?"
"It is. That neighborhood was built recently, and it happened to block the energy flow from the north-south side. Even if energy flows in, it's likely to turn toxic under such conditions," Wynter stated calmly.
She turned to Cornelius and scoffed. "Your understanding is shallow, yet you arrogantly jumped to conclusions. It seems the standards at Mt. Dragon are slipping."
Cornelius' face flushed with anger, and he retorted that his vision had been obscured. He snorted coldly and shot back, "Sounds like you have an issue with us, Ms Quinnell. Your family owed us a great favor in the past. Don't you think you're being ungrateful?"
Wynter burst into chuckles. "We owe Mt. Dragon a favor, you say? Does Mr. Stavius even acknowledge such a claim?"
Cornelius, stunned by the disrespect toward Mt. Dragon, nearly lashed out in fury, when a young cultivator held him back. "Don't make a scene," the cultivator warned, shaking his head.
"But she insulted Mt. Dragon!" Cornelius fumed.
The cultivator, Wolstan Wingfield, warned in a low voice, "Why are you so worked up? Anyone who disrespects Mt. Dragon will face retributions. You're only disgracing its name by arguing with an ordinary citizen. Control
yourself, and remember what we're here for.
"I sensed that girl isn't a cultivator. She probably read a few books on fortune-telling and bluffed her way through. Our goal is the Arcane Way Forum and to support the Colifernia Chamber of Commerce. Just ignore her." Though Wolstan was young, his talent clearly surpassed Cornelius'. However, he shared the same arrogance as a cultivator and saw himself above ordinary citizens.
To Wolstan, Wynter was nothing more than an ant unworthy of their time. As he turned to leave, Cornelius followed suit.
Rohan flashed a gloating smirk and sneered. "See that? You'll never acquire the market, even if you try. This isn't like Kingbourne. If I'm not on board, neither is the chamber of commerce.
"You can go to the local Bureau of Land Management, but I doubt they'll entertain you. What an ignorant girl."
Wynter caught Wolstan glancing her way, noting the disdain in his eyes. Instead of confronting him, she turned to Dalton with a smile. "Have I ever told you how much I hated those orthodox sects who always think they're superior?"
Dalton hummed in affirmation. In fact, he recalled she used to say that all the time. Back in the day, Mt. Dragon's cultivators had been infuriated by her antics, yet they could never win against her.
The recollection brought a smile on Dalton's face, though he quickly cleared his throat. "Many grand masters have gone incognito to smaller chapels or lived as ordinary citizens. Only Mt. Dragon remains, and it's thanks to the heavenly blessings they received long ago."
"I know. That place is home to many noble individuals who've contributed to saving humanity. These fools are just basking in their reflected glory," Wynter murmured. Given her temper, she would've acted rather than wasted
time arguing.
As she didn't want publicly embarrass Mt. Dragon, she let the cultivators leave unscathed. Besides, she had a feeling they would cross paths again soon. By then, she would be sure to ask Kaspar how he lectured his disciples. And if the local Bureau of Land Management turned her down, just as Rohan stated, she wouldn't hesitate to take anti-corruption measures.
Dalton saw through her thoughts and coughed softly. "Judging by the time, their blessings should've run dry by
now."
No one realized how powerful those words were. Only Kaspar, speeding toward Hawford on a train, seemed to have sensed a change. He stopped chewing on his favorite bread and abruptly raised his head.
Beside him, Maurice sensed something was off as well. "I feel like my fortune is fading, Mr. Stavius."
"It's not your imagination," Kaspar replied. He couldn't understand why such a thing would occur when nothing
seemed out of the ordinary.
Little did he know, the signboard on the mountains had slanted-an ominous omen for the fortune tellers.
"Whatever the case, it shouldn't be serious enough to rescind the blessings," Kaspar murmured.
Knowing Wynter's unique abilities, neither he nor Maurice had ever thought of crossing her. On the contrary, they held her in high regard and were eager to discuss the Arcane Way with her.
It seemed, however, that Wolstan and Cornelius were lacking in both cultivation and insight. Ultimately, Mt. Dragon had to bear the consequences of their missteps.
Meanwhile, Cornelius took a deep breath. "If ten percent of the fortune is rescinded, Mt. Dragon will be without its talented cultivators for three years. But now, nearly half of it is lost! Who is the fool to cause such a disaster? They're bound to face the heavens' wrath."
The moment he said that, dark clouds swirled above Mt. Dragon, followed by flashes of lightning. Kaspar, sensing the disturbance, was overwhelmed by his distress. He swore to find the fool who had angered the heavens. "The trail leads to Colifernia... Very well, I'll deal with you once I get there!"
At the farmers' market, a man n black approached Wynter after the chamber of commerce members had left." What should we do now, Ms. Quinnell?"
Wynter swept a glance at her surroundings and said, "Just ignore them. Continue with your tasks. If anyone especially those from relevant departments-comes for questioning, tell them to talk to me."
Before arriving at the farmers' market, she had already informed the higher-ups about the issue. Given how the chamber of commerce members threatened her, she was eager to see who would dare to stop her.
The sight of the polluted river and monkey carcasses heightened only Wynter's caution toward wild animals. After all, the farmers' market was a major source for both wild and aquatic creatures.
Since Blackie was found in the market, Wynter suspected that other aquatic animals for sale hailed from the same river. Though the virus remained unidentified, she was determined to prevent the situation from worsening. "Let's have a meal. You'll think more clearly after some food," Dalton suggested. His deep baritone voice was
pleasing to hear.
Wynter agreed, knowing she had to wait for the bait to be taken. She followed Dalton to a restaurant and settled into her seat to meditate.
Seeing that, Dalton poured her a cup of water and asked, "Are you thinking about the medium Layla mentioned?"
Wynter opened her eyes and gazed at him. "That's right. I'm wondering why he was accompanied by medics. We have no clue who they are, either."
Dalton took a sip of his water and said, "Finding the medics wouldn't be difficult. If they're planning trouble in Cascadia, they'll likely send spies or foreign visitors. Check the nearest hospital to see if anyone has left recently."
Wynter shook her head at his suggestion. "I've already checked the records. There's nothing unusual."
Her phone suddenly rang, and she moved to answer the call.
Lancelot's voice on the other end greeted her, "My dear Ms. Quinnell, as you requested, I found the person whose DNA matched the hair sample. I've sent the details to your phone. Take a look."
Wynter flashed a smile. "That's some impressive speed. Keep up the good work." "Oh, it's my honor to be of service to you, Ms. Quinnell!" Lancelot chirped in perfect Emstanian.
As Wynter was about to hang up, Lancelot continued, "It seems like we're making progress, my dear Ms. Quinnell.
I've also looked into the other matter you asked about. It turns out the hospital is hiding something about their
patients..."
###chapter1717

Chapter 1717 Someone Is Burying the Information
Wynter abruptly stopped in her tracks.
On the other end of the line, Lancelot lowered his voice, as if he had moved to a different place. "From what I've gathered, there are some highly unusual cases in the hospital. They've already been quarantined."
"They haven't reported it." Wynter quickly pinpointed the issue. "These hospitals are afraid of being held accountable."
Ever since learning about the potential pandemic, Wynter had instructed the Special Unit to conduct covert investigations. She'd also ensured official directives mandated cooperation at all levels.
For things to have escalated this far without being flagged, it was clear that someone was deliberately suppressing the information.
"It's easy to discuss things with you, Ms. Quinnell. That's exactly it. They're afraid of responsibility. On top of that, there's currently no evidence proving human-to-human transmission, so the hospitals are still searching for the cause," Lancelot replied.
Wynter lifted her gaze. "It could be monkeys."
"What?" Lancelot sounded baffled.
Wynter narrowed her eyes. "They conducted experiments. Is this confined to just one hospital, or is it happening across Colifernia?"
"Currently, only two hospitals located in the western part of the city are affected." After a brief pause, Lancelot added, "It might also be connected to the DNA sample you asked me to test."
Wynter froze momentarily. "Connected? How?"
"That piece of hair's owner is the attending physician at one of those hospitals," he answered.
Hearing this, Wynter's expression turned fierce. "Lancelot, thank you for this lead. I think I understand what's going on now.
"We might not be able to uncover the full picture ourselves because someone is deliberately suppressing information. But as an overseas Cascadian, you're in a better position than us."
"Oh my, who would've thought this foreign-looking face of mine could be of service to Ms. Quinnell?" Lancelot quipped humorously.
Wynter's tone dropped an octave. "Listen carefully to what I'm about to say. I told you before that one of my team members has gone missing. I need you to find out if either of those hospitals has any special wards.
"Secondly, leave the west district immediately. Go to the city center and get a full medical check-up, including blood and virus screenings.
"If your results are clean, take the testing equipment to the Yarwood family. Tell Mr. Yarwood Senior not to come into contact with anyone or use public transportation. He needs to leave Colifernia as quickly as possible."
Lancelot immediately grasped the gravity of the situation. "Do you suspect this might turn into a pandemic?"
"The strange cases at the hospital already suggest human-to-human transmission. I just don't know the exact mode yet. But Mr. Yarwood Senior is elderly. Returning to Kingbourne is the safest course of action for him now," Wynter suggested.
Dalton was looking at Wynter from the side as she spoke.
Lancelot responded decisively, "Understood, Ms. Quinnell. I'll get it done."
The call ended.
Without offering any explanation to Dalton, Wynter strode purposefully toward her superbike. She placed the helmet on her head with swift determination. "You cannot follow where I'm going this time. Your health won't allow it."
"If there's truly a large-scale infectious disease outbreak, my health isn't the only concern. Your body won't allow you to walk into the outbreak's epicenter without proper protection, either."
Dalton was perceptive-he didn't need to know the details of the conversation to piece things together. He understood the situation fully from the moment Wynter instructed Lancelot to get Theo to safety.
Wynter glanced at him, frustration flickering in her gaze. How was she supposed to handle someone like him? Anyone else would've been easy-she could simply hit a pressure point and leave them behind.
But with him? For reasons she couldn't quite pinpoint, she just couldn't bring herself to do
it.
###chapter1718

Chapter 1718 Regional Lockdown
However, Wynter realized that if her hypothesis was correct, both she and Dalton had already visited the village, touched the water-soaked monkeys, and been to the farmers' market. Going to the hospital wouldn't make much of a difference at this point.
"Fine. You can come, but don't touch anyone once we're at the hospital. Put on a mask before entering," Wynter said quickly.
Before starting the engine, she made a call to the person overseeing the farmers' market. "If anyone asks, tell them the market renovation is being done under the orders of Mr. Keller from Hawford. Let them go question him if they want."
"Yes, Boss," came the reply.
Revealing the Special Unit was a last resort. Usually, it was strictly against operational guidelines.
Wynter continued, "Also, inform all the Special Unit members in Colifernia to wear masks. If possible, find a way to keep everyone in the market within a designated activity range without causing public panic.
"The market stays closed. If anyone protests, have them call Mr. Keller directly. And do another round of disinfection inside the market."
Though earlier tests hadn't revealed a clear source of the virus, Wynter's unease lingered.
Her earlier remarks to the cultivators from Mt. Dragon weren't just to criticize his poor grasp of his craft.
The reality was that, considering the conditions in the market-whether from a sanitation or geomantic perspective - it was a breeding ground for trouble. It harbored excessive filth and resentment from the wild animals that had died there in the past.
In fact, aside from the hospitals, this market was likely to become the outbreak's second epicenter. Conversely, the mountain village was less of a concern because its natural surroundings were blessed with an abundance of positive energy.
As they drove, Wynter's mind was racing. She had many thoughts, made several plans, and made another call to her superiors.
This time, her stance was unwavering. "I'm requesting the highest level of authority. Every hospital involved must be held accountable immediately. Dispatch investigators now."
This incident was clearly tied to foreign powers, and those protecting these forces might not even realize the full scope of what they were enabling. At this stage, some departments - eager to downplay the crisis-were likely suppressing reports to avoid escalating the situation.
As for whether evidence of human-to-human transmission existed, Wynter didn't believe for a second that the hospitals didn't already know.
At the same time, in the hospital's conference room, a few leaders from relevant departments convened a video meeting.
"Can someone explain what's going on? Why is the infection rate rising so rapidly?"
The room held a mix of individuals—some intent on assigning blame, and others eager to smooth things over.
"Forget about the transmission details. Just tell me the plan. How do we prevent this?"
With his mask still on, a weary-looking doctor, Nigel Alistair, stood up. His exhaustion was clear as he spoke.
"I believe the hospital should be locked down. Of course, we've responded quickly-we immediately isolated the medical team that came into contact with the patients, which is why I'm maintaining distance from all of you.
"But this can't continue unchecked. We must implement containment measures and conduct a thorough investigation into the infection's source.
"Who was the first patient? What did they come into contact with? Where were they infected? Where do they live, and what's their activity range? We need to act immediately. Regional lockdowns may be necessary."
His words elicited an immediate backlash from one of the leaders on the video call. "Dr. Alistair, do you hear yourself? What kind of catastrophe would warrant a regional lockdown?
###chapter1719

Chapter 1719 Nigel's Dedication
"Exactly!" two others chimed in supportively. "Even cholera wouldn't warrant such drastic lockdowns! You're creating too big of a commotion-how do you think the higher-ups will perceive this? Are we supposed to write a report to justify this?"
"We absolutely must write a report. I suspect this disease's transmission is even more dangerous than cholera," Nigel said as he lifted his gaze.
"Although everyone insists there's no evidence of human-to-human transmission, this is a highly contagious, large-scale illness based on our professional judgment. We need to come up with the right plan to prevent more people from getting infected."
His statement caused even the hospital director, Lennon Haroth, to lose his cool. "We're here to discuss solutions! What are you talking about?"
A voice on the video call intervened, "Enough. Dr. Alistair is still young and doesn't understand the gravity of calling for regional lockdowns in a city. Such suggestions are unnecessary. Focus on treatment instead. If you're worried, improve the isolation measures.
Nigel was about to say more when Lennon turned to him sternly. "Dr. Alistar, this is a direct order. You'd do well to remember that."
Standing there, listening to these dismissive remarks, Nigel clenched his fists. He
understood that speaking further could result in him losing his chance at a promotion, or even being dismissed from the hospital entirely.
Yet, as a doctor committed to saving lives, he couldn't stay silent.
"This approach won't contain the transmission at all because we haven't identified the source. How was the first person infected? What about their family? Who were their close contacts? Until we trace this back, effective control isn't possible.
"Time is of the essence! If we wait too long, the entire Colifernia could collapse!"
Hearing this, the officials' faces darkened. As the people in charge, the last thing they wanted was such a grim outlook.
"Dr. Alistair," one of them snapped, "are you implying we don't understand the situation as well as you do? What do you mean the entire Colifernia could collapse? It's just an illness! Treat it if you can. If not-Mr. Haroth, replace him!"
The video call ended abruptly, and the other two officials left the call without another word as well.
Lennon pointed at Nigel with frustration. "You... What am I supposed to say to you? Go home and rest right now. Don't say or do anything."
Nigel took a deep breath. "I'm not going home. Based on the transmission pathways we've seen, I'm likely already infected. Mr. Haroth, you've been in the same areas I have, so we're
no different. I can't risk infecting my family."
"You haven't gone home or rested in days! Why are you being so stubborn?" Lennon stood far from him, fully dressed in protective gear. "Let me say this one more time. The hospital can't keep you here. Go home."
Nigel lowered his gaze slightly. "Mr. Haroth, you know it as well as I do. The likelihood of human-to-human transmission is over 80 percent. That's why you're wearing that protective suit while talking to me. I can't leave. If I do, I'll be endangering others."
"Nigel Alistair! This isn't your house! You're really pushing it!" Lennon's eyes turned cold. " Let me make it clear one last time. Go home and rest, or I'll have the relevant departments deal with you."
###chapter1720

Chapter 1720 A Doctor's Job
Nigel understood the implication. They would pin everything on him if he didn't leave, framing it as a medical malpractice case.
Taking a deep breath, he replied, "Alright, I'll go home and rest."
Lennon finally looked satisfied and walked out of the room.
However, he didn't leave right away. Instead, he went to the decontamination chamber, thoroughly disinfected himself from head to toe, and passed through two more sterilization stations before stepping out. Even the clothes he had worn earlier were discarded.
"Burn them," Lennon instructed, narrowing his eyes as he wiped his hands with a wet wipe. "What a stubborn fool. I had to waste so much time talking to him. What if he infected me?"
A fellow doctor standing beside him reassured him, "Don't worry, Mr. Haroth. Your protective suit is the highest grade available. You'll be fine."
Lennon smiled with satisfaction. "We're all colleagues. If Nigel had half your sense, he'd have been promoted ages ago. But no, he's a blockhead. How could he expect any higher-up to agree to large-scale containment for an issue that hasn't yet made a real impact?
"Imagine locking down the entire western side of the city-do you know how much economic loss that would cause? If this blows up, none of the officials in charge will escape accountability. Nigel just can't see the bigger picture!"
Although his words were cynical, they weren't entirely wrong. The higher-ups weren't interested in a dramatic response to a situation that hadn't escalated yet. Their priority was suppressing the issue as much as possible.
If containment failed, they'd deal with the fallout then. But admitting failure now would mean risking their careers!
When the other hospital colleagues heard about this, some of them tried to reason with Nigel.
"Don't act rashly. Let's keep investigating the infection's source. Maybe we're overthinking this."
A young nurse, who looked like a newly appointed intern, chimed in, "Yeah, Dr. Alistair! You're so skilled-I'm sure we can save everyone!"
But just as she finished speaking, a commotion erupted nearby.
"Patient in bed 32! Check the patient in bed 32! They can't breathe!" someone shouted urgently.
The young nurse immediately turned and rushed into the patient's room. Nigel moved even faster, his skills honed by years of experience.
Yet, no matter what he did, the patient's heartbeat and pulse were gone within a single minute.
He froze in place, staring at the now lifeless body on the bed. His expression carried not just shock but a deep, indescribable sorrow.
It was often said that doctors, having witnessed so much life and death, may have grown accustomed to it. But no one ever realized that it was only a rational acceptance. More than anyone else, they hoped to save the lives of those lying on the hospital bed with their own hands.
Some entered the medical field for practical reasons-job security and steady income. But others, like Nigel, chose it for a simple and noble reason-to save lives.
Hence, when he saw the young nurse fighting back tears and the other junior staff standing behind him, equally shaken, he made a decision.
They could be crushed like ants beneath the wheel of bureaucracy, but people still deserved to know the truth!
"Dr. Alistair, what are you doing? Hurry up and pack your things!" The voice came through the intercom.
At this moment, that order's irony was almost unbearable.
Nigel's lips curled into a faint, bitter smile. He looked up and replied, "I'll leave once I'm finished here."
"Are you leaving?" The young nurse was the first to speak, her voice trembling. "What about us? What are we supposed to do?"
Indeed, what about them? These people had families at home.
"Meet me in the disinfection room. I have something to say," Nigel said, turning away. Even if he was going to be taken away, there were things he had to say and do as a doctor.
###chapter1721

Chapter 1721 Patient Zero
A short while later, the nurses who followed Nigel gathered in the decontamination chamber.
Nigel spoke to them with a solemn tone. "After I leave, you must do your best to care for every patient. As medical professionals, we must have the heart of a parent for them. I believe in all of you. If you have any doubts, don't hesitate to ask me.
"In times like this, we, the medical staff, must be at the frontline. You're young, and maybe you've never experienced such things before. But now, life has changed. From a peaceful existence, you must now bear the weight of responsibility."
The nurses' eyes glistened with unshed tears. Nigel had always been dedicated to his work, and every patient at the hospital praised him as a miracle doctor.
"Dr. Alistair, we won't feel confident without you. We have a leader when you're here, and we know your abilities."
"Please don't leave, Dr. Alistair. We'll fall apart without you."
"We've been learning from you since we entered the hospital. We know it's for our own good when you're strict with us. After all, a single mistake in this field could cost a life. We may not always hear you say it, but we understand."
"We'll go beg the dean for you."
Nigel waved his hand. "No need. Take care of the patients here, and protect yourselves. Remember to wear an additional mask under your protective gear. The situation may pass quickly, or it may drag on longer than we expect. No one can say for sure, but you must look after yourselves."
The young nurse was the most upset, and the others seemed disheartened as well.
But Nigel didn't just gather them to say these things. More importantly, this was the only place in the hospital where they could avoid the surveillance cameras.
"Who's local here?" Nigel asked.
Four of them raised their hands.
Nigel narrowed his eyes. "Remember not to go home. Stay at the hospital if you need to rest. Listen very carefully to what I have to say next. The virus source is still unclear, the transmission method is unknown, and there may be a Patient Zero.
"It's possible... No, it's already clear that human-to-human transmission has occurred. There's no specific cure yet, and the results of treatment are uncertain, as you can see. So, stay safe."
The medical staff in the room understood the gravity of his words. Every phrase and word pointed to one grim possibility-they too might be infected.
"Dr. Alistair, I... I just started my internship this year. The higher-ups have started developing a cure after learning about this, right?"
Faced with their hopeful looks, Nigel couldn't bring himself to say the truth.
The higher-ups probably didn't know about this yet because those below were suppressing it, afraid to report the situation. Not only that, but they had silenced him, too.
Nigel spoke slowly. "For those of you who are local, after I leave, wait for ten minutes before sending a message home. Tell your families to take precautions and avoid public transportation.
"For those who aren't from here, just send a message to your families, tell them you're safe, and remind them to buy masks, disinfectants, bleach, and fever medicine."
Nigel looked at them before continuing, "Remember, only after I've sent my message can you send yours."
"Dr. Alistair, are you trying to take all the responsibility?" the young nurse suddenly shouted. "If you send it before we send ours, it won't count as leaking confidential information on our part, and we won't be responsible!"
Nigel smiled. "You're overthinking. Just remember what I said..."
"Before the dawn comes, there is indeed darkness. But we are doctors, and doctors dare to snatch lives from the hands of death!" the group of young medical students shouted in unison.
Nigel raised his hand but refrained from patting their shoulders. Instead, he smiled and said, "As expected of the ones I've trained. These patients... I'll leave them to you.
Nigel left the hospital without looking back after saying what needed to be said.
Those who stayed behind felt conflicted, but they knew what was more important. The youngest nurse was banned from entering patient rooms and could only stay outside. The others would care for the critically ill patients.
The phrase "medicine has a legacy" took on a tangible form at this moment.
After leaving the hospital, Nigel didn't go home. He didn't know if he had been infected, so he avoided taking the elevator and used the stairs instead, just in case he might unknowingly infect regular patients.
He was indeed the first to send a message, and it was to his wife.
His phone rang almost immediately. "What's going on? Why are you telling me to stay home and not go out? What do you mean even our daughter won't be going to school? What is happening? We've listened to you and have disinfectant at home, haven't we?
"Since you've always said that our daughter has a weak immune system and that Dad and Mom have pre-existing conditions, we've been maintaining good hygiene and washing our hands often."
"Good, you remember what I said." Nigel chuckled softly. "Darling... I know it's been tough on you all these years."
His wife, Elowyn Kelda, sensed something was off. "What's going on? Did something happen at the hospital? Or are you dealing with trouble from the patients' families again?"
"It's nothing. How could there be that much disturbance from patients?" Nigel reassured her. "The hospital is just going to be especially busy for a while. I might need to stay there for another two weeks."
Immediately, Elowyn asked, "Do you need me to bring you some clothes?"
"Don't come to the hospital!"
Nigel reacted so strongly that there was a brief silence on the other end.
"Okay, I won't go," Elowyn replied softly.
Nigel's voice became more urgent. "Make sure you have all the necessary medications at home. It's fine if our daughter misses school for a few days. But if anyone gets sick, avoid contact and wear masks. If possible, don't go outside."
Elowyn wanted to ask more but was interrupted by Nigel, tears in his eyes despite his smile, "Darling, I'm sorry that I couldn't give you what you deserve. Your friends' husbands are all
better than me.
"I'm not good at handling things, I'm clumsy with my words, I don't earn much, and I haven't been promoted much. But you've never seemed to mind. The hospital review... I might disappoint you again."
Elowyn let out a relieved sigh. "I thought something serious had happened. I didn't expect it to be about some promotion. So what if you didn't get it? I know for a fact my husband is the best with his patients.
"We don't need to compare ourselves with others. What's the point of that? You're the best
in my eyes."
Nigel knew Elowyn was trying to comfort him. Whenever he was discouraged about his slow career progress, she was always there to cheer him up.
"Darling, I'm leaving my parents to you..." He knew he couldn't talk any longer without breaking down. "Please don't come to the hospital. Wait for me to come back."
And with that, he ended the call. He had said his part to his family, and now the others could contact their families to let them know they were safe.
However, after making the calls, they didn't really know what else to say other than what Nigel had instructed.
If they said too much, their families would likely notice something was off. Yet, if they said too little, this might be their last opportunity to communicate.
The youngest nurse was the most straightforward and composed among them. She reminded her mother to buy all the necessary supplies, even if they were expensive-money was the least of her concerns now.
However, once she hung up the phone, she stared at it, and her shoulders started trembling slightly. "Mom... I'm scared..."
How could she not be scared? They were humans, too. Watching the patients' deteriorating conditions and hearing about those who were taken away and immediately cremated, left
them shaken.
They saw Nigel leave, completing his final duty for them in his own way.
It wasn't that they didn't sense anything. After all, there had been 12 patients in the ward, but now, only four remained.
The nurses weren't sure what to expect next. Sometimes, it was the unknown that scared
people the most.
However, her fear was completely understandable. After all, it was clear that once Nigel left, the place would be entirely turned into an isolation zone.
The cafeteria staff, who used to personally deliver meals to them, no longer did so. Instead,
the food was simply placed outside the elevator on the first floor, and they were expected to pick it up themselves.
It wasn't just one department-the entire building, which had originally been abandoned, was now completely quarantined.
Some had already cracked under the pressure. "I should have left with Dr. Alistair!"
"And how exactly would you leave? Look at the people stationed outside, watching this
building. Besides, Dr. Alistair didn't leave because he wanted to. If it were up to him, he would've stayed," another responded.
The two doctors were sharing their thoughts when suddenly, the piercing sound of an alarm
shattered the brief quiet.
"Patient in bed 07! Patient in bed 07 is having difficulty breathing!"
The medical staff, who were eating, immediately sprang to their feet.
Meanwhile, Nigel wore a mask and stuck to areas devoid of people. He couldn't stay in the
hospital-not only was it crowded, but Lennon had also made it clear that his presence was
unwelcome.
Having sent out a message, he knew it wouldn't be long before Lennon sent someone after
him.
Lennon's words echoed in his mind, and he muttered to himself bitterly, "Is it wrong to
trace the source? How can we prevent this or even warn the public without finding Patient Zero? Doesn't everyone deserve the right to know?"
Lost in thought, he found himself at a crosswalk. Without even glancing at the traffic lights,
he stepped forward.
A superbike approached at a steady speed from the side-it was none other than Wynter and
Dalton.
Nigel was so deep in thought that he didn't hear Wynter honking at him and continued walking without a care of the world around him.
Sensing something was wrong, Wynter stopped the bike.
After he successfully crossed the street with a disoriented and dazed appearance, Wynter approached him and asked, "Why aren't you paying attention to the traffic lights?"
Her voice broke through Nigel's daze. He instinctively adjusted his mask and stepped back a
few paces. "I'm sorry," he mumbled before continuing on his way. Dalton, who had also noticed something amiss, suggested, "Let's follow him."
So, they parked the bike and started trailing him.
Wynter was puzzled. "His soul is intact, but the way he's acting... it's like he's lost his spirit."
Determined, she tugged at Dalton's hand and caught up to Nigel. "Excuse me, is something wrong?"
Nigel instinctively stepped back, keeping his distance. "Please don't get too close to me."
The moment he said this, a flicker of realization crossed Wynter's face. "Is it because you're
sick?" Hearing this, Nigel's gaze sharpened. "I'm not sure yet. But to be safe, I think it's better to maintain some distance."
Wynter asked in confusion, "Then why not get checked at a hospital? I can take you there if needed."
The mention of the hospital stirred something deep within Nigel, but he quickly suppressed it. "I am a doctor," he replied, though the pride that once accompanied those words was now tinged with bitterness.
"Why don't we find a place to sit down and talk? Maybe I can help you," Wynter suggested.
Nigel sighed. "No one can help me. You should focus on yourself. Colifernia isn't safe right now." He turned to leave right after his words.
Wynter replied immediately, "I'm the head of Colifernia's Investigation Unit. Why don't we
have a talk?"
"No, I might already be infected. It's better if you don't come into contact with me," Nigel
said resolutely.
Wynter reached out and placed her fingers on his wrist. "You're not infected. Your pulse is steady. What you need most right now is to talk or to rest."
Hearing this, Nigel's eyes regained some light. He wanted to pour his heart out, but he
couldn't go home to Elowyn, fearing he might carry the virus. Hence, hearing that he wasn't infected, he was overjoyed.
"Wait... but how can you be sure I'm not infected?" Nigel had to ask.
Wynter didn't hesitate. "Because I'm also a doctor. Maybe you've heard of me I'm Dr.
Miracle."
"You're Dr. Miracle?" Nigel exclaimed. "Dr. Miracle is... a woman?"
He wanted to dismiss her as a fraud, but Wynter's next words rooted him to the spot.
"This illness might be related to animal virus research. That's why I wanted to talk to you first and learn more about the situation."
Hearing this, Nigel's skepticism melted away. Without another word, he followed Wynter
into a nearby
café.
Once seated, Nigel spoke first. "I'm the deputy director of the Infectious Diseases Department at the hospital near here. We thought it was just a regular cold when the first
patient was brought in.
"The symptoms weren't severe he just complained of chest tightness and shortness of
breath. But soon, things changed. No matter what medications we used, his condition didn't
improve. "Then came the second patient, the third... and then the 12th. None of them responded to treatment. Even when the fever subsided, their symptoms persisted.
"I suspect human-to-human transmission. As of now, we still haven't identified the pathogen, and patients have already started dying.
"In the meeting with my higher-ups earlier, I suggested regional lockdowns and tracing the outbreak's source. But they dismissed my concerns, claiming I was overreacting. "But I know the truth. The transmission rate could be as high as 80 percent -maybe higher. Even protective gear might not be enough to prevent infection. All I want is for the
even
public to have the right to know and to trace this outbreak's source so we can stop it in its tracks."
Wynter's eyes narrowed slightly. She had just sent an order to investigate hospitals and hold meetings with their representatives, yet not a single hospital had disclosed the existence of such an illness.
###chapter1722

Chapter 1722 Tracing Back to the Origin
After Nigel finished speaking, he exhaled deeply and looked at Wynter with pleading eyes." Could I trouble you with something?"
Wynter nodded. "Go ahead."
"You're Dr. Miracle. Could I ask you to visit the hospital and take a look at the patients? I know I'm asking a lot, especially since there's a real risk of infection. But despite all our efforts, we haven't made any progress, and the patients' conditions are worsening.
"It's heartbreaking to see them suffer. And if this illness isn't brought under control, the consequences will be unimaginable.
"Many of these patients are just regular people like me. I come from an ordinary family, and I know that all people like us want is to live a peaceful life, free of illness and hardship.
"This disease is exhausting to endure. If I could, I would stay at the hospital myself."
Hearing this, Wynter's gaze softened with admiration. Nigel really did see his patients as more than just a mere job.
"This isn't trouble at all. I'm here precisely to see the patients at your hospital," Wynter said resolutely.
Nigel stood up and bowed deeply. "Thank you!"
Wynter quickly helped him up. "We share the same goal in this. Now, tell me more about the patients' conditions."
Once seated again, he started explaining, "Initially, infected patients show no obvious symptoms. A few days later, they develop high fever, extreme fatigue, and, in severe cases, difficulty breathing.
"Medication and IV fluids can provide temporary relief, but they don't cure the illness. Also, the transmission rate is incredibly high. It can spread through the air, saliva, and even skin contact."
Wynter tapped lightly on the table, deep in thought. The conditions Nigel mentioned were all ones she had encountered before, but never in combination. Any one of these on its own would cause significant discomfort, let alone all of them combined.
Nigel added, "The disease appears to affect children and older adults the most. Younger people with stronger immune systems don't seem to show as severe symptoms."
Wynter nodded before asking, "Is there a Patient Zero?"
Nigel nodded, further affirming his belief that Wynter truly was Dr. Miracle. After all, if it had been anyone else, they would have kept their distance the moment they suspected he might be carrying an infectious disease.
Yet, Wynter had checked his pulse without hesitation. Moreover, she was the first to ask about a Patient Zero a detail no one else had thought to address.
Nigel was visibly moved. "Patient Zero... Based on my assessment, he is a middle-aged man in Bed 05. He was the first to come to the hospital. In fact, he came twice. It was only during his second visit that I recommended hospitalization. His initial symptoms seemed to be just a common fever."
"So, he's still in the hospital now, right?" Wynter asked. Nigel froze briefly before shaking his head. "He passed away..."
Wynter paused. "Do you still remember his basic information?"
"Of course," Nigel replied. As a diligent doctor, he had clear memories of the patients he treated. "He was 45 years old, had slightly high blood pressure, and led a busy life with little sleep. He was prone to colds and had a history of pharyngitis.
"Every time he came to the hospital, he'd be dressed in a sweat-soaked undershirt, with a small pouch slung around his waist."
Wynter immediately deduced, "He wasn't an office worker."
"No, he wasn't. He was a small trader," Nigel confirmed. "He dealt with aquatic animals and wasn't a local."
Aquatic animals? Wynter suddenly snapped her head up.
###chapter1723

Chapter 1723 Who Is She
Wynter seized on a key phrase. "How did you know he dealt with aquatic animals?"
"He always smelled like fish. One day during my rounds, I asked him about it," Nigel replied, confused. "Is there a problem with that?"
Wynter fixed her gaze on him, seriousness etched across her face. "This is critical. Dr. Alistair, I need you to recall-where exactly did he sell those aquatic animals? Where does he live?"
"His home? The address he provided was... a..." Nigel racked his brain, and then suddenly exclaimed, "It was a local farmers' market! Just the one nearby. I remember now! He mentioned delivering aquatic animals there things like shrimp and fish."
The moment Wynter heard the words "farmers' market", her expression shifted sharply." Hold on a second,"
She didn't hesitate and quickly dialed a number.
This wasn't a call to Colifernia's local officials. Instead, it went straight to the top. After all, Special Unit 001's line was originally established for military coordination.
The person answering her call was none other than Jackson, who was stationed in Kingbourne.
Jackson didn't waste time with pleasantries. The fact that Wynter chose to call this number meant the situation was dire. Hence, as soon as he saw her name, he halted the meeting he was in.
Wynter's voice was steady as she began, "Mr. Munn Senior, I suspect a large-scale
pandemic may occur in Colifernia. This situation was reported earlier, but there's been no follow-up from local hospitals.
"From the current signs, the outbreak might already be underway, possibly starting five days ago or even earlier. I need a full lockdown of Colifernia and an immediate dispatch of professional medical personnel, preferably military doctors."
Jackson's frown deepened as he listened. "Understood. I'll make the arrangements immediately."
Just as Wynter was about to end the call, Jackson stopped her with a question. "Can it be contained?"
Wynter glanced at Nigel across the table before replying, "It's unclear at this stage."
Jackson was worried, given that he couldn't be there. "Wynter, we are not professionals. The safety of Colifernia's people rests in your hands. If-"
Not wanting him to finish the grim sentence, Wynter interjected firmly, "If it truly gets out of hand, then we lock down the city."
Jackson sighed heavily, but on the other end of the line, Wynter's eyes were resolute. "It won't come to that. Rest assured."
Though he knew her courage was unshakable, Jackson couldn't help but add before hanging up, "Make sure you stay protected. Take care of yourself, Wynter!"
"Alright," Wynter reassured him.
After hanging up Jackson's call, Wynter immediately posted a members-only message on the dark web.
"Anyone near Colifernia, drop whatever you're currently working on and listen carefully. Colifernia needs you. Be forewarned-this time, we're dealing with an invisible, untouchable virus that could threaten lives.
"The Special Unit has always operated on a voluntary basis. If you're willing, head to Colifernia's farmers' market on the west and assist in its complete lockdown and containment. I need a full trace of everyone connected to the market within half a day.
"For those who want to join, simply signal with a light on the dark web."
Nigel overheard her words. Although he didn't understand what the dark web was, he recognized the weight of her statement. Even in such a dangerous situation, she left the choice to the individuals, prioritizing their health and safety.
What he didn't expect was the immediate response.
Wynter's screen lit up almost entirely. People who had long retired from the team, and even those who hadn't officially joined but had exceptional skills, all signaled their willingness to help.
And it all came down to one sentence. "Colifernia needs you."
In their everyday lives, these people might seem no different from any ordinary citizen, but no one loved this land more than they did. True heroism was often found in those who stepped forward when everyone else stepped away.
"If Dr. Miracle needs me, I want to go back to the hospital, too-that's my battlefield!" Nigel's chest burned with determination. The hopelessness that had weighed on him was replaced with renewed strength.
This wasn't a solitary fight. There was an entire group of people willing to make the same choice as him.
Wynter glanced out of the window, staring at the sky that had darkened. "With the people's will on our side, we can defy even the heavens."
Dalton had been standing beside her the whole time. He understood what weighed on her mind. "Every individual is different. In every field, there are those who bear the
heavyweights, and there are also those who simply enjoy the ride."
Wynter's heart simmered with frustration as she listened to Nigel's earlier words.
Some people worked tirelessly and selflessly to protect this land. While others, driven by personal ambition, chose to conceal the truth-even at the cost of countless lives-just to avoid facing repercussions.
Clenching her fist, Wynter said resolutely, "Let's go. It's time to confront those who are still enjoying their comforts."
In a conference room, the hospital's department heads had all gathered, their expressions a mix of confusion. Most of them were usually swamped with work, yet here they were, summoned for an unclear purpose.
"Do you have any idea who called us all together? It feels like someone's just looking for trouble," one of them remarked.
"I heard someone from higher up is visiting Colifernia for an inspection. It's probably just another show like before," another replied dismissively.
"Whatever it is, we'll just stick to the agreed narrative. Although there's a recent spike in infectious diseases, we can't disclose anything until we fully understand the pathogen. If panic breaks out, we'll all be held accountable," someone added.
"Exactly. Remember the meeting last time? That deputy director, Nigel Alistair, really doesn't know when to keep quiet. He kept insisting on tracing the source and locking down areas. All it did was embarrass the department heads."
"In my department, the symptoms are mostly fever, coughing, and shortness of breath. Sure, it's highly contagious, but we've isolated the patients, so it's manageable for now," another chimed in.
"It's bizarre, though. We've run every test and investigation we can think of, but nothing's
come up."
"Well, the fortune teller is supposed to arrive today. Maybe they can help us figure
something out..."
Their words sounded ridiculous, but it was reality. They were out of answers and growing increasingly anxious. They had to find a solution. Maybe this really had something to do
with fortune-telling.
Hence, the first thing Wynter saw when she entered the hospital was everyone acting
furtively, scurrying as if heading somewhere.
At this moment, Nigel, still wearing his mask, spoke up. "They're all heading toward the isolation ward. Could something have happened?"
Feeling uneasy, he stopped a passing nurse. "What's going on here?"
The nurse recognized him and immediately asked, "Dr. Alistair, why are you back? Didn't
the director suspend you?"
"I came back to grab some things. What's happening up ahead?" Nigel pressed urgently.
The nurse clearly treated the situation as gossip. "Oh, the director brought in a fortune teller from Mt. Dragon. Apparently, the fortune teller claims there's a spirit in the hospital. They've started performing a cleansing ritual, and everyone's rushing to see it."
Hearing this, Wynter scoffed coldly. "A cultivator from Mt. Dragon? What's he doing in a hospital? These are diseases, not hauntings."
The nurse nodded in agreement. "True, but it's the director's decision. Dr. Alistair, is this
your friend?"
Nigel nodded, his expression darkening. "Absurd! Cleansing rituals in a hospital? This is beyond ridiculous!"
"Dr. Alistair, you probably shouldn't say that aloud later. Have you heard of the Colifernia Chamber of Commerce?
"The hospital's largest shareholder is Mr. Tarvin from that chamber, and he heard about the patients under your care and decided this must be the work of evil spirits. That's why he invited the fortune teller from Mt. Dragon."
Rohan, again? Wynter raised an eyebrow but didn't stop walking. She asked, "So, is this hospital basically a private property?"
The nurse nodded.
When Wynter walked into the scene, the first thing that greeted her was the sight of
Wolstan. He was chanting incantations with great fervor, pacing back and forth, as if performing a ritual.
Around him was a crowd of onlookers, including patients and hospital staff.
Of course, this farcical scene wouldn't have been possible without Rohan, the hospital's major shareholder, standing by in support.
Wynter completely ignored Wolstan entirely, intending to head inside to check on the patients.
However, Wolstan spotted her immediately and called out, "It's you! The one who disrespected Mt. Dragon at the farmers' market!"
Wynter didn't even bother acknowledging him. "Don't test my patience right now unless you want Mt. Dragon's reputation to crumble because of you," she said as she walked past him.
Wolstan was furious. "You! Just you wait! You'll regret crossing me once I'm done with this
ritual!" "There's no need to wait. I'll deal with you now on Mr. Stavius' behalf." Wynter lifted her hand, and a lucky token flew straight at his face.
Wolstan's expression changed drastically. "You-You have the Epoch Collection?"
Wynter didn't just have the Epoch Collection. She summoned her Soul Commanding Badge, transforming it into a sword, slashing down directly at the ritual platform.
Wolstan stumbled back several steps in fear. "You're a cultivator, too!"
Wynter didn't waste her words. She pressed the sword spirit to his neck, her gaze dark. " Now, tell me what 'evil spirit' are you trying to exorcise here?"
Wolstan was genuinely terrified. The onlookers couldn't see it, but he could. There was a
swarm of wraith and malevolent spirits that had suddenly appeared behind Wynter. Each one of them was far beyond his ability to handle.
"Fellow cultivator, it's a misunderstanding! Just a misunderstanding!" he stammered, frantically trying to summon reinforcements.
Biting his finger, he drew a blood charm and silently chanted a summoning spell three times. A figure appeared-one of the fearsome Guardian Souls, its presence both menacing and oppressive.
Rohan's eyes lit up with excitement. "As expected of a fortune teller I invited from Mt. Dragon! They can truly summon deities!"
But the Guardian Soul barely had time to finish its formal greeting, "Mortal, why have you summoned-" before its gaze inadvertently landed on Dalton in the corner.
Dressed sharply in a tailored suit, with gold-rimmed glasses that glinted faintly, Dalton pushed up his glasses ever so slightly.
But that was more than enough for the Guardian Soul to disappear in an instant in fear.
This was unlike any scenario Wolston had ever experienced. He stood there, dumbfounded.
In the past, the Guardian Soul he summoned would patiently ask about the situation and help him deal with any malevolent spirits. But why did it seem afraid this time? Refusing to give up, Wolstan attempted to summon another. Yet, this time, not a single one dared to appear.
Down below, the underworld deities were muttering nervously amongst themselves. They couldn't believe Wolston was trying to drag them into a fight with their ancestors. He must be out of his mind!
Seeing Wolstan's futile efforts, Wynter smirked faintly. With a swift strike of her sword spirit, his robe was sliced apart.
"Go back and tell Kaspar that if everyone from Mt. Dragon is like you, I'll come over and teach even him a lesson."
Rohan, standing nearby, was furious at the scene. "Do you think this is some kind of playground? How dare you act so-"
Before he could finish, Wynter flicked a silver needle, precisely hitting one of his acupoints.
"I don't have time to deal with you now. But mark my words-I said 'for now,'" Wynter said coldly. With that, she looked over at the people standing nearby. "Where are the hospital directors?" No one dared to challenge her anymore. They all pointed toward the office building.
Inside, the hospital directors were still in a heated discussion about how to evade responsibility. That was when the door swung open, and Wynter and Dalton stepped into the room.
All of them looked over, and one of the directors spoke up. "Did you come to the wrong place? This is a meeting for hospital directors. How did irrelevant personnel get in here? Where's security?"
Calm and composed, Wynter walked straight to the head of the table. As she scanned the room filled with doctors in lab coats and masks, she spoke with an icy tone. "I'm the one hosting this meeting."
"Young lady, you can't just say whatever you want. You're about the same age as my daughter. How could you possibly be the leader sent here for inspection?"
Laughter rippled through the room, but it came to an abrupt halt as Wynter took out a badge and threw it onto the table.
The closest to the badge leaned in to take a look. One glance was enough to make his face turn pale. "She... She is..."
The others, sensing something was off, moved closer to inspect the badge. Silence immediately fell over the room like a heavy shroud.
Wynter calmly retrieved her credentials and continued, "Can someone report to me if there have been any special cases or patients in Colifernia recently?"
The room remained frozen for a moment before a chorus of synchronized responses followed. "No."
Her expression didn't waver. "Where are the directors for the Summit, Greenfield, and Starlight Hospitals of Colifernia?"
The mentioned directors stiffened but quickly stood up.
Wynter approached Jay Ellis, the Summit Hospital's director. "I've heard your hospital has been especially busy lately."
Jay's face drained of color, but he forced a nervous laugh and spoke as he rubbed his hands together nervously. "Busy hospitals are the norm. We have patients seeking treatment and being admitted daily. If not for this meeting, I wouldn't even have time to attend."
Next, she moved toward the Greenfield Hospital's director, Dex Dawson. "What about you, Mr. Dawson?"
Dex immediately spoke up. "Lately, we've had an increase in patients, but that only shows how dedicated we are to serving the people."
Before Wynter could even reach the Starlight Hospital's director, Deshan Evans, he stood up and blurted, "Starlight Hospital hasn't been too busy recently. It's a good sign that the public's health is improving, and I couldn't be happier about that!"
The three directors' bureaucratic answers were airtight and polished. However, Wynter could barely suppress her anger now. She looked over at Jay again. "Are you sure that there aren't any special cases?"
Jay responded immediately, "I'm sure! There are no special cases." Wynter's eyes narrowed at his answer. She could barely contain the fury burning in her eyes.
###chapter1724

Chapter 1724 Wynter's Purpose
"Nigel is the deputy director of your hospital's Infectious Diseases Department, right?"
Wynter's question hit Jay like a thunderclap. After all, he had just forced Nigel out of the hospital after a heated meeting. The fact that Wynter brought Nigel up made Jay realize the situation was spiraling out of control.
Before he could respond, Wynter continued, "Nigel has already told me everything."
Wynter's sharp gaze swept across the room as she addressed everyone. "Hospitals are places for saving lives. You, as this institution's head, choose not to solve the issue but to get rid of a good doctor who raised valid concerns.
"When a disease arises, you try to bury it instead of confronting it. Do I need to remind you of your duties? Do you still deserve to be called medical professionals?"
Her words left the room in stunned silence. Not a single person dared to make a sound.
"If this matter is properly handled, you may avoid consequences. But if the pandemic spirals out of control, the price you pay will not be as simple as legal repercussions," Wynter warned.
Jay, who was still attempting to have the last say, retorted, "The decision to have Nigel take a break wasn't solely mine. It was a directive from higher-ups. Besides, I think Nigel might have exaggerated the situation's severity. The disease isn't that critical."
Wynter turned to look at him. "So, by your logic, is it not critical until it spreads across the entire country? Excellent logic. Just excellent."
Then, looking out the door, she raised her voice. "Bring Nigel in here."
Panic flickered across Jay's face the moment he heard Nigel's name. After all, he knew too much. If he decided to reveal the truth, the entire Colifernia would be thrown into chaos.
The door opened, and Nigel entered, wearing a face mask.
Despite the mask, Jay immediately recognized him. Forcing a smile, he said, "Nigel, didn't I tell you to rest at home for a few days? Why are you back?"
Then, he quickly walked over to Nigel, leaning in and whispering into his ear, "Are you trying to get us all killed?"
Nigel's calm demeanor didn't waver as he quietly replied, "I am merely doing what a doctor should do. Mr. Ellis, I suggest you reflect on your actions."
Wynter gestured for Nigel to come forward. "Dr. Alistair, recount everything you know and have experienced, down to the smallest detail. Don't leave out a single thing."
Nigel began to speak, retelling every detail he had shared with Wynter at the café. Not a single word was omitted. As the story unfolded, Jay's expression darkened, his gaze fixed on
Nigel as if he wanted to destroy him.
When Nigel finished, Wynter looked at Jay with an impassive expression. "Mr. Ellis, do I really need to spell out the consequences of withholding such critical information?
"You act as if it's nothing when the situation is already this dire, all while delivering hollow platitudes. How do you expect anyone to trust a hospital with how you're acting? Playing bureaucratic games... Do you take me as a fool?"
Jay was still desperate to defend himself. "But we haven't even confirmed the pathogen yet! Making hasty announcements will only cause unnecessary panic. And as for a regional lockdown, the higher-ups wouldn't approve of it!"
"Oh? Higher-ups? Which ones are you referring to?" Wynter asked, her tone cool and detached.
Jay immediately pulled out the Deputy Minister's name, confident in his ability to leverage authority, hoping to crush any resistance from Wynter. "You've probably met Mr. Killis from the Epidemic Prevention Department before you came."
"I haven't met him yet. But from the sound of it, I think it's time I did."
Without hesitation, she pulled out her phone and made a call. "Bring me Mr. Killis from the Epidemic Prevention Department."
"Understood," came the crisp response from the other end.
The entire room exchanged uneasy glances, and Jay's confidence wavered.
Wynter smirked faintly and sat down at the center of the conference table, flipping through the stack of documents.
The silence in the room was deafening, and some attendees could be seen nervously wiping sweat from their foreheads. But, they wondered if she really could summon Zayn Killis with just one phone call.
Just as everyone was questioning what was happening, the door opened.
The people who entered were not dressed in the standard disciplinary inspection uniforms but wore black outer jackets with tactical combat gear underneath. This wasn't just a routine investigation this was military enforcement.
The so-called Deputy Minister, Zayn, was dragged in with a gun pressed against his back, his legs long given out.
Wynter, never one to waste words, waited for the door to close before placing a stack of documents into Zayn's trembling hands. "Mr. Killis, I've heard so much about you.
"Not at all, I... I..." Zayn stammered, his legs trembling violently.
Wynter continued calmly, "It wasn't easy to catch you. I understand you were already arranging for your daughter to study abroad last month.
"And today, conveniently, you had official business scheduled in Havenia. Meanwhile, your
wife, daughter, and mother were already heading to the airport."
In this city, where lives were at stake, some people were desperately trying to escape, while others were choosing to stand and fight.
Those at the top of the power hierarchy always had access to the best resources. They received information far earlier and faster than ordinary citizens.
Sometimes, it was
irresponsibility that caused devastating harm to the general public in the first place. And when disaster struck, they were the first to flee. This inherent injustice
was glaring.
"Judging by how carefully you've arranged your family's departure, it's clear that you are a meticulous and well-planned individual, Mr. Killis," Wynter said in an unhurried tone.
This left everyone in the room confused. Even Zayn himself was bewildered. Was she complimenting him?
But Wynter's next words dragged him straight into the abyss. "Since you're so organized, it's time to put that skill to good use. You'll accompany me to the quarantine ward. Together, we'll oversee the arrangements for the patients' follow-up care."
Zayn's paled in an instant. He would have preferred interrogation or even imprisonment
over this.
"No, no! I'm not suited for this kind of work! I truly made a mistake! I'll accept any investigation and any punishment the authorities decide." He hurriedly refused.
Wynter chuckled lightly. "They are busy. For now, focus on your work. You don't have to worry about your family. I had a chat with customs last month. I advised them to delay any travel for the officials' family members during this uncertain period in Colifernia.
"Your family's departure has been postponed. After all, leaving you here alone would only make them worried."
Zayn's face, pale before, was now completely ashen. Panic set in as he realized Wynter
wasn't bluffing.
She had somehow anticipated his plans and acted well in advance. He couldn't fathom the level of control she wielded. He had never encountered such a situation before!
Yet, the gun still pressed against his back reminded him that this was no ordinary situation.
Standing to the side, Jay genuinely felt like the sky was crumbling down. He never imagined Wynter would be so decisive and forceful.
They couldn't even begin to grasp the extent of her authority. How could she summon Zayn with just a word? And using military enforcement, no less!
Then, Wynter turned her attention to him. "Mr. Ellis, since you've always been such a great team player with Mr. Killis, I'm sure you'll make an excellent partner in the quarantine ward
as well. You're coming with us."
Jay froze, panic etched on his face. He began to plead desperately, "No, I won't go! If I stay in there too long, I'll die! I'm not going!"
"Didn't you just say the situation wasn't that serious?" Wynter asked before continuing
with a low voice, "Mr. Ellis, you seem to have misunderstood. I wasn't asking for your
opinion. Take him away."
Her ruthlessness was undeniable, but it was also incredibly effective. The more Jay screamed and resisted, the more Wynter's authority over the room solidified.
Those who had initially dismissed her as a young woman now had entirely different
expressions. They had dealt with countless inspections before, but never had they
encountered anything like this.
"Everything discussed in this meeting room today is to remain strictly confidential," Wynter commanded, tapping lightly on the table. "Now, let's discuss how to minimize the
risks effectively..."
The meeting room now dove into the real agenda.
Downstairs, Rohan, who had just been freed from the acupuncture seal, was completely
unaware of the storm brewing above. All he knew was that Wynter had been blatantly disrespectful to him multiple times in public.
"I'll make sure this brat from the Quinnell family learns what happens when someone crosses me!" he growled.
His face twisted with anger as he dialed a number. "Go stir up some trouble at the farmers'
market! What are you afraid of? Don't worry about it. There will be no problems with the
scions backing our Chamber of Commerce."
The scions Rohan referred to were part of society's upper echelon. In this circle, status often leaned heavily on political backgrounds paired with overseas capital.
Many officials' and elites' children were sent abroad for schooling, usually during high school or college. Common destinations included Havenia or Emstia, tying their educational paths closely to their parents' influence.
Of course, this wasn't to say that wealth itself was inherently bad-after all, it only amplified the personality traits people possessed. However, issues inevitably arose when values and discipline were neglected.
Among these scions, one prominent figure was currently being held at the airport-with
both her luggage and herself detained.
"Why? You'd better give me an explanation! Call your supervisor right now!" Joey Killis
demanded, her tone indignant.
The customs officer maintained their professionalism. "We've received orders that you are
temporarily prohibited from leaving the country. Please put down your phone and stop
recording."
"Why can't I record? Do you even know who my dad is? How dare you stop me?"
She pointed at the officer's face. "Someone like you, who's at the bottom of the ladder,
doesn't even get to speak to someone like me on a normal day. This is your last warning-let me through, or I'll make sure you lose your job!"
The officer calmly warned her, "If you persist, this will be considered an obstruction of
public safety-"
"Obstruction of public safety?" Joey slammed her bag onto the counter. "So what if I am? Do
you know how many followers I have online? Do you even know what my family does? I travel abroad every month, and you've never stopped me before. Why now?"
She spoke in a mix of Cascadian and Emstian. Her voice was both soft and delicate, giving
the appearance of a sweet, innocent girl. Yet, her words and actions were the complete opposite, leaving everyone present watching in stunned silence.
Her mother, Jennifer Lilth stepped in, trying to pacify her. "Joey, don't be so stubborn."
However, Joey refused to listen.
At that moment, uniformed personnel arrived on the scene. Jennifer tried to smooth things over. "My daughter is still young and emotional, but she hasn't done anything wrong. Don't you think you owe us an explanation for detaining us like this? My husband is a government official-you should reach out to him first."
Her words reflected her sense of superiority, as if Joey's behavior was excusable because of
her youth and "poor mood". Her assumption was simple. Once customs contacted Zayn, everything would be resolved.
However, her lack of awareness revealed her ignorance. As a Deputy Minister's wife, being
detained at customs was already a glaring red flag. It was obvious something was amiss at home. Yet, she remained oblivious, her arrogance undiminished.
Meanwhile, Joey was still smug. She was giggling as she pulled out her phone and posted a
video on TikTok
The caption read, "I was so happy to go on a trip with Mommy. But on the way, we ran into a
few barking dogs. So annoying!"
The video showed her in a perfectly styled outfit, radiating an air of charm and mischief, like
a spoiled princess.
"What kind of dogs dare bark at our princess?"
"Is this how rich people live? Traveling abroad every month? I'm so jealous!"
"Jojo is adorable! Does your family need a maid? I want to be friends with you!"
The people online, unaware of the full context, were quick to idolize her. It was, after all,
human nature to admire wealth and power, especially when life feels unfair.
But the reality was much darker. Some of these people's privileges and entitlement came at
the expense of ordinary people's rights, exploiting their position to enjoy luxuries they
didn't deserve.
"We've already contacted him. You are now formally detained on charges of public safety obstruction," the uniform personnel commanded, direct and unyielding. Both Jennifer and Joey were completely dumbfounded.
And this was the purpose of Wynter's decisions.
In the meeting room, Wynter addressed Nigel, "You will continue working in the hospital. If
you encounter any issues, you can report them directly to me.
"My only request is that you do everything possible to treat every patient while ensuring
your own safety. Spread my message to everyone."
She then turned to the other hospital directors in the room. "All other hospitals must also
operate under the same principle. You will be held accountable if I discover any misconduct. "All other directors may leave except for the Willowbrook Medical Center's director." As the others left, Drexel Asquith, the Willowbrook Medical Center's director remained. He
was unsure of why Wynter had held him back, but he could sense that it must be something serious.
Wynter began slowly, "Dave Cowell works at your hospital, correct?" Drexel nodded. "Yes, he's the head of the Infectious Diseases Department." Wynter's expression grew thoughtful. "I've heard that while other hospitals are struggling
with cases of this infectious disease, your hospital has managed to avoid having a single
patient." Drexel responded immediately, "We recently brought in a new team of department heads, including some foreign experts. Their methods are incredibly advanced.
"Diseases that are rare and complex for most doctors are like the common cold to them.
They diagnose and treat patients almost instantly. People call them miracle workers." Wynter nodded, seemingly understanding. "Wait for me here. In ten minutes, I'll go with you to Willowbrook Medical Center."
In her mind, Wynter had already begun forming plans and strategies. The situation in
Colifernia was deteriorating rapidly, but Willowbrook Medical Center's anomaly was
striking.
If not for the information Lancelot sent her confirming that Dave was working there, she
might not have connected the dots.
Meanwhile, Nigel, now fully suited in protective gear, re-entered the hospital. His
appearance drew attention from everyone. Even through the layers of his gear, his colleagues could feel his determination and resolve.
He spoke steadily. "Thank you for your hard work. This outbreak is something we must face
together. We have to do everything in our power to ensure every patient's safety and protect ourselves as well."
"Without the country, there's no home. Let's follow Dr. Alistair and fight through this
outbreak together!"
"I feel energized now that Dr. Alistair is back!"
The team placed their hands together in solidarity, their voices uniting in a chant of hope
and determination.
"Let's go!"
###chapter1725

Chapter 1725 You're Fired
The residents of the farmers' market were alarmed by its sudden closure, fearing the loss of their livelihood. Rohan believed it was the perfect opportunity to incite unrest.
"I don't understand. Why are they stopping us from doing business?" a vendor questioned.
"Exactly! It was all fine until they shut down the market. How am I supposed to provide for my family now?" another huffed.
Those already harboring complaints were now further incensed by the provocation. Though they were initially calm, some now attempted to tear down the barricade tape to enter.
Rohan watched from the sidelines with a triumphant smirk. Dressed in a sleek suit, he spoke with a righteous air, as though standing up for the vendors. "Who do the Quinnells think they are, keeping us locked down like this?
"Who sent you here? Do you even have the authority to enforce this? I haven't heard a word from Mr. Wyncall at the Industry and Commerce Bureau."
Standing before him, Garret Moland blocked Rohan's path to the farmers' market. Inside, workers in protective suits were disinfecting the area, while specialists collected samples of the virus.
While the initial sample results indicated nothing unusual at the farmers' market, the first case of infection came from the driver who delivered aquatic animals there.
With no knowledge of the driver's other routes, they were left to consider the farmers' market as the virus' potential source. Even if it might not have been the virus' origin, anyone who had come into contact with the driver was likely infected.
Hence, Wynter swiftly ordered a lockdown of the farmers' market upon hearing Nigel's account. Each resident was placed under quarantine, and medical professionals went door to door to collect samples for testing.
Eager to stir trouble, Rohan had planned to record a video that would spark a backlash against the Quinnell Group. He hadn't expected to be stopped at the entrance, leaving him unaware of what was unfolding inside. All he could do was stoke the fire from the outside.
At the same time, his disdain for Garret grew as he thought of the latter as just an ordinary citizen daring to stand his way.
Rohan declared recklessly, "Let's storm in! If anything goes wrong, Mr. Wyncall and Mr. Camburn will handle it!"
Murdo Camburn was the chief officer in charge of the area. Despite his own authority, he had to show deference to Rohan, the Colifernia Chamber of Commerce's head. Moreover, several development projects relied on Rohan's support, which fueled his brazenness.
Wolstan, who had once mirrored Rohan's haughtiness, now wore an unreadable expression. He couldn't fathom why the Soul Guardian he had summoned earlier had refused to help or
even listen to his request.
As if that wasn't enough, the artifact Alban had given him had shattered, leaving Wolstan at a loss for how to explain his error to his mentor.
Just who on earth was Wynter, and why did malevolent spirits surround her? Those questions kept running in Wolstan's mind. But he didn't dare to bring them up to Rohan, lest he would be seen as incompetent.
Having grown used to admiration and flattery, Wolstan had no intention of returning to being a nobody. Normally, he would've seen Rohan's downfall coming. However, he had been so wrapped up in his own concerns that he failed to realize that Rohan's reckless behavior was costing him his position.
No one had ever been bold enough to trespass the isolation zone, yet Rohan audaciously suggested such an act, oblivious to the riot he was inciting.
Garret barely budged an inch as he stopped Rohan's advance. The crowd attempted to force their way into the market but failed to break through.
Seeing that, Rohan purposely fell to the ground and cried, "How unjust! The farmers' market belongs to us Colifernians, but the Quinnell Group shut it down as soon as they arrived! What are the residents supposed to do now?
"As the Colifernia Chamber of Commerce's head, I came to inspect the situation, but they pushed me to the ground!"
When Rohan started crying, his subordinate started recording the scene. Facing the camera, Rohan sniffed and continued, "You call the Quinnells benevolent, but it's all just a show!"
Garret watched the farce with a frown. It appeared Rohan wasn't fully aware of who he was messing with.
Upon hearing the commotion, Wolstan rushed over to find Rohan sitting on the ground. He noticed an ominous air around Rohan and performed a swift divination. Shocked by the result, he quickly helped Rohan to his feet.
"We have to leave, Mr. Tarvin. I fear something bad may happen if we stay any longer," Wolstan warned.
Rohan simply dismissed his concerns. "You're worrying too much, Mr. Wingfield. This is Colifernia. If there's something I can't handle, someone else will take care of it for me. I wouldn't have made it this far without such connections.
"Besides, what can possibly go wrong? It's not like the Quinnells will put a hit on me, right?"
Though Wolstan wished to tell him the truth, he was afraid of invoking heavenly retribution. He met Rohan's gaze and stated sternly, "It's for your sake, Mr. Tarvin. I can't say more. Some secrets must remain hidden."
Rohan merely patted Wolstan on the shoulder and said, "You're overthinking it, Mr. Wingfield. I'll take you out for some fun once this is settled."
He then ordered his subordinate to upload the video, but Garret swiftly snatched the phone
away.
"I shouldn't be bothered, but do you even understand what an isolation zone is? If you try to bypass me, there will be serious consequences," Garret warned.
Infuriated by his words, Rohan shot back, "Oh, really? We're living in a society bound by laws, yet you dare to threaten me like this.
"Look here, I'm a Cascadian Asmarian. As a foreign investor, I'm entitled to certain privileges, but you choose to show me disrespect. Just you wait-I'm calling Mr. Wyncall
right now."
With that, he took out his phone and dialed a number. The line indicated that Ralph Wyncall was unavailable. But even after several attempts, Ralph still hadn't responded.
Little did Rohan know that the scions he assumed to be untouchable had been barred from leaving the country. As for Ralph, he had been taken away from the meeting half an hour ago and was on his way to the farmers' market.
Drenched in cold sweat, Ralph was still oblivious to the unfolding events and kept questioning, "Who are you? Where are you taking me? Who gave you the right to do so?"
The one escorting him whispered into his ear, "We're from the Special Unit. Does that ring a
bell?"
Hearing that, Ralph instantly felt weak in his knees. He had heard of the Special Unit but never encountered them before. After all, he had been advised not to get involved with them, or it could lead to his end.
Meanwhile, Garret was informed via the walkie-talkie that the sampling was complete, but the people were to remain in isolation. He swiftly ordered someone to weld an iron gate, completely sealing off the entrance.
Though Rohan was eager to cause trouble, he didn't expect such an outcome and attempted to stop them. "Taking control of the market is one thing, but sealing off the entrance, too?
You're really-"
Before he could finish his words, Murdo arrived in full uniform. Though, he was escorted by a soldier who easily restrained him with one hand. Stunned, Rohan attempted to ask questions, but Murdo stopped him.
Unfortunately, Rohan failed to comprehend Murdo's intention. Being a repatriate, he overlooked one thing-the shift to black combat uniforms was a clear sign that the operation was no longer under normal officials' control. Instead, it was now in the
military's hands.
But Rohan, having enjoyed his privileges as a repatriate businessman, failed to think on that scale. He remained clinging onto his influence and retorted haughtily, "What's there to fear? Try messing with me, and I'll pull my investments out of Colifernia immediately!" "Please do so, then," a voice replied. It was Lucas, who was supposed to be in Hawford. By all rights, he wasn't in charge of Colifernia nor was he expected to be there. However, there had been a special case.
The higher-ups had ordered the relevant departments to prioritize disease prevention and control, but no one anticipated the duplicity. Hence, Wynter directly appealed to the top authorities and requested military intervention.
In other words, the officials in charge of the relevant departments weren't entirely innocent.
In fact, Colifernia's mayor had already been taken in for questioning.
Since the operation was executed swiftly with utmost secrecy, those of the lower rankings
were all caught off guard.
Still wrapped in his delusions, Rohan believed he was entitled to special treatment as a
foreign investor.
When he noticed Lucas, he swiftly mocked him in a mix of languages. "And who the hell are
you? Do you have any idea how much profit and job opportunities I bring to this city every
month?
"Even your director wouldn't dare to speak to me like that. Can you handle the consequences if I pull my investments?"
Lucas silently lifted his gaze, and his subordinates moved to shove Ralph to the ground.
Only then did Rohan sense something was wrong.
Glancing at the trembling Ralph, Lucas softly remarked, "To think you would allow such a businessman to remain in Colifernia. Aren't you kind, Mr. Wyncall?"
"I can explain, Mr. Keller. It's true that the city needs development and economic growth,
but what Mr. Tarvin claims is simply his own opinion. We won't allow anyone to impose
their own agenda."
Ralph scrambled to explain, though his nervous expression hinted that he had received benefits under questionable circumstances.
Lucas merely ignored Ralph as he strode toward the confused Rohan. "Everyone knows that
Cascadia has a large market share, and we always welcome global investors to Colifernia. Our trade's core principle is clear and simple-everyone in Cascadia must respect its laws. "Mr. Tarvin, even if you don't pull out your investments, you'll still be expelled from the
country. As for your company, that's up to your superiors. If they share your views, I'm sorry to say that they won't be welcomed here, either. You can pass that message along, but I think they'll be coming for you instead."
Rohan was taken aback by Lucas' declaration. No one had ever dared to speak to him like that. Even Colifernia's mayor had offered him privileges to make him stay. But when he noticed Ralph's ashen face, he realized that Lucas was no ordinary figure. Most foreign companies typically operated their headquarters overseas. As the one
overseeing businesses in Cascadia, Rohan knew he would face serious consequences if he mismanaged things.
Yet, his poor grasp of Cascadian kept him from fully understanding the implications of Lucas 'message. If he were expelled, he would lose his position as the Colifernia Chamber of
Commerce's head.
Before he could comprehend Lucas' words, he received a call from his direct superior at the
headquarters.
"Rohan, you idiot! How many times have I warned you not to disrespect the Cascadian militaries or the laws? Have you ever listened to what I said? You're such a moron! You're
fired!" the superior bellowed.
Rohan was left in stunned silence. He had always prided himself on building strong connections with local officials, but that didn't seem to work out now.
He had merely intended to cause trouble for the Quinnells, yet somehow, things had spiraled
out of control. Moreover, who on earth was Lucas?
When Lucas prepared to leave, Rohan hurried after him and desperately pleaded, "It's all a
misunderstanding, sir! Really!"
Lucas didn't bother to spare Rohan a glance as he had more pressing matters to attend to.
The closure of the farmers' market would surely rise to new problems, and he was there to maintain order.
Despite being aware of the virus threat, Lucas had not hesitated to head to Colifernia upon receiving Wynter's call. Undoubtedly, he was the person she trusted the most.
After resolving matters at Summit Hospital, Wynter and Drexel made their way to
Willowbrook Hospital, where most of the clues seemed to lead.
Perhaps, many questions could be answered if they found Lancelot there. Besides, it was odd
that Willowbrook was the only hospital without any confirmed cases.
Once they were in the car, Wynter inquired, "Have you noticed anything weird at the
hospital recently?"
Drexel pondered for a moment before answering, "There might be. Since the foreign doctors
arrived, the supply of medicine in the pharmacy has been depleting at an alarming rate.
"Also, a nurse from the night shift has gone missing. The director on duty claimed that she had applied for leave to return home, but they lost contact with her afterward.
"Some patients also reported hearing strange noises during the night, but they couldn't tell
if it was the howling of monkeys or a human." After listening to his account, Wynter fell into deep thoughts.
Meanwhile, in a hidden passage within Willowbrook Hospital's pharmacy, empty vials and monkey carcasses were scattered around. Caroline, the missing nurse, was tied unconscious
to a pillar.
###chapter1726

Chapter 1726 The Specialty Pills
Wynter and Drexel soon arrived at Willowbrook Hospital, where the bustling crowd of patients was notably larger than at other hospitals. The long line of patients waiting for medicine was a clear sign of the trust they placed in the hospital's care.
Wynter quickly realized that taking down Willowbrook Hospital would be far more challenging than dealing with the one in Riverburg, which was under the Gibson family's control. Apparently, Willowbrook Hospital could indeed provide effective treatments for its patients.
In the distance, an elderly woman was handing out a clinic banner and expressing her immense gratitude. She cried as she clutched the doctor's hand, "I can't thank you enough, Mr. Lappage. If it weren't for you, my husband wouldn't have lived to see another day!"
The doctor was a kind, middle-aged man with a fit build. He once appeared in a variety show, and his polished demeanor left a lasting impression.
The doctor patiently comforted the elderly woman, "We're just doing our job. Once you get home, keep an eye on your husband's condition. I'm sure he'll recover."
The elderly woman, overwhelmed with gratitude, struggled to find the right words. Some patients were even recording the scene and singing the doctor's praises.
The quickest way to learn about a hospital was through its attending physicians, especially those trusted and loved by their patients. Considering the doctor had been awarded a clinic banner, it was likely he had successfully treated a serious illness.
Wynter swiftly interrupted an applauding woman and inquired, "What's going on, madam? Is that doctor famous?"
"How could you not know Dr. Lappage? He's a miracle! He can cure any illness, and even cancer is nothing to him," the woman exclaimed in disbelief, as if not knowing the doctor was a form of ignorance.
"Is he really that skilled?" Wynter feigned astonishment as her gaze flicked toward Drexel.
Drexel obviously shouldn't be in the hospital at that time. Despite wearing a mask, he was still recognized right away. He had been keeping his distance from Wynter since entering the hospital, but he had no idea why she glanced at him.
Little did he know that Drexel had forgotten to mention Elisha Lappage earlier. After all, Elisha had been an average doctor with no exceptional skills until half a year ago.
Surprisingly, Elisha had grown remarkably skilled over the past year, achieving significant insights and breakthroughs in treating certain respiratory diseases. His reputation soared following his successful treatment of the two cancer patients.
In fact, most of the patients who visited Willowbrook Hospital had come specifically for his expertise. Though his transformation brought success to the hospital, Drexel failed to mention him.
Meanwhile, Martha Styward the woman chatting with Wynter couldn't stop singing Elisha's praises. "Not only is Dr. Lappage incredibly skilled, but he's also a kind man. Just look at the long line for his consultations that speaks for itself."
"If that's true, I should seek his treatment as well. Lately, I've had a cough and stuffy nose. I tried taking some cold medicine, but it didn't seem to help." Wynter played along with the woman's words.
Martha's eyes instantly lit up. "Why, I had the same symptoms! I visited various clinics and took different medicines, but nothing worked.
"But after consulting Dr. Lappage, I was all better! His medicine can be a bit pricey, but they're really effective. Just consult him every two weeks, and you'll be fine."
Hearing that, Wynter subtly frowned but kept her skepticism hidden. She flashed a smile and asked, "Does the health insurance cover the cost? You mentioned the medicines are expensive, but I'm only a student. I'm not sure if I can afford it."
Martha replied worriedly, "You're a student? I'm afraid you might not be able to afford it, then. The medicine costs around two thousand dollars for a two-week course. And it's a specialty pill, so it
red by health insurance.
"That said, you can't just remain sick like this, young lady. You should ask your parents for the money to get treated. Ms. Nina, who came with me, refused to purchase the pills because it was too expensive.
"She's been receiving treatment on and off, and now she's running a high fever. She was just admitted to the hospital. Not only has she suffered from her illness, but she also spent a fortune on ineffective treatments."
Martha made a valid point, but only under the premise that the illness was naturally occurring and not artificially induced. A temporary medicine with no guaranteed recovery was akin to ancient times' chronic detoxification practices.
While Wynter hoped that Elisha was an ethical doctor, she couldn't dismiss the situation easily under special circumstances. Moreover, it seemed odd that the specialty pills weren't classified as common medicine. Wynter doubted that Drexel was ignorant about it.
She flashed a smile at Martha. "Alright, I'll make an appointment with Dr. Lappage. By the way, is Ms. Nina in this hospital?"
"Oh, no. She claims that the treatments are too expensive, so she hardly comes here. She was admitted to another hospital nearby. It's funny, though. She actually thought of seeking spiritual guidance for her illness," Martha replied.
Wynter was momentarily stunned. Everything seemed just a bit too coincidental.
Patients unable to afford the medication were sent to another hospital, and all of them happened to be in critical condition. In contrast, those who received treatment at
Willowbrook Hospital showed immediate recovery.
Wynter pondered for a moment before averting her gaze. She made an appointment at the reception counter, though she had to wait through a long line.
After seeing Martha off, she approached Drexel and stated, "I'd like to hear more about this
Dr. Lappage and the pills you've kept hidden from the public."
Drexel didn't dare to meet her gaze. He knew that he would be held accountable for concealing information about the specialty pills, regardless of his intentions. After all, it had yet to be classified as common medicine.
"I admit that it's my fault. I shouldn't have allowed Dr. Lappage to use those pills," Drexel confessed.
Wynter remained silent, hoping to hear more. So, with a sigh, Drexel continued, "It all happened so suddenly. A week ago, people started coughing for no clear reason, and their respiratory systems quickly became infected.
"At first, the usual treatment worked, but then they stopped having any effect. It wasn't until Dr. Lappage came up with this prescription that the disease was finally brought under
control."
He seemed agitated as he stated, "Willowbrook is a public hospital, and our resources are limited. We only managed to advance so far thanks to Mr. Tarvin's investments.
"I'm willing to step down from my position, Ms. Quinnell, but the fact is, only Dr. Lappage's pills proved effective. It's the only reason the patients can return to their daily lives."
Wynter fixed her gaze at Drexel. "I'll decide once I analyze the medicine. As fellow medics, I'm sure you understand that a drug with short-lived efficacy and addictive potential isn't suitable for proper treatment.
"By the way, you mentioned Mr. Tarvin. If I recall correctly, he spent much of his youth abroad and later returned as an investor for Cascadia. Is he affiliated with the foreign
doctors?"
When Drexel gave a nod of affirmation, Wynter seemed to piece something together. "What
about Dr. Lappage?"
Drexel pondered for a moment before answering, "If I remember correctly, he's Mr.
Tarvin's distant relative."
"I see. I'll go talk to the doctor, and you can handle your work in the meantime. I need to know this building's structure.
"Don't worry about the drug. If it really is the cure you claim it is, everything will be resolved accordingly. But my gut tells me that it's not meant for the people, and I'm sure you know it, too," Wynter commented as she lifted her gaze.
Drexel's eyes widened in shock. Wynter's words struck right at the uneasiness he felt deep inside. In fact, he had doubts about Elisha's medication, but he couldn't bear to watch the
patients suffer.
Someone once remarked that he wasn't cut out to be a doctor, as the profession demanded more than just saving lives-it required maintaining rationality and a strong mindset. Leaving Drexel to his thoughts, Wynter returned to the queue. She discovered that Elisha could swiftly assess a patient's condition without the need for a full diagnosis. Hence, the queue progressed swiftly, and it was soon her turn.
Elisha greeted her warmly, "What symptoms are you experiencing? A cough? Do you have a
headache?"
"A bit. I thought it was just a normal cold, but I haven't recovered," Wynter said, pretending
to be unwell.
Elisha's lips curved into a smile beneath the mask. Without glancing at Wynter, he scribbled quickly on the paper before handing it to her. "You'll feel better immediately after taking the pills I prescribed. You can pick it up next door."
Anyone who had visited a hospital would recognize the standard procedure for collecting medicine. Occasionally, the medical examinations could be so time-consuming that patients expressed frustration over spending thousands on minor ailments.
In modern times, no one could afford to fall ill without the financial means to cover the costs. The other hospital's strict adherence to such procedures only underscored Elisha's
integrity.
An experienced doctor might be able to assess a patient's condition with a mere glance, but
Wynter doubted Elisha shared the same skill. She asked tentatively, "My coughing has gotten a bit worse, Dr. Lappage. Would you mind taking a closer look at my symptoms?"
Elisha cast a glance at her and said, "I already know your condition the moment you sat down. Unfortunately, I can't give you the specifics. Those seeking my consultation know the rules here. Rest assured, young lady. The pills will take care of your illness."
Wynter pondered for a moment and asked, "How long should I take this? I'm still a student, and I don't have much money."
Elisha remained silent and glanced to the side. An assistant swiftly stepped in to explain." The pills' effectiveness is contingent upon the patient's physique. Please step aside, miss. The doctor needs to see the next patient."
Before Wynter could respond, the crowd behind her clamored.
"Are you done yet, young lady? I need to get my medicine!" "That's right. We're all waiting, so don't waste our time!" someone huffed.
"It's exactly as Dr. Lappage said. Everyone's condition is different. How is he supposed to
know how long it will take for you to recover?"
Faced with the criticisms, Wynter had no choice but to leave the seat and move to the next
room.
As a fellow medic, she could gauge one's medical talent with just a brief conversation. Now that she had deduced Elisha's true capabilities, it was time to investigate the highly praised medicine.
Upon arriving at the pharmacy next door, Wynter noticed that the shelves were mostly stocked with packets of specialty pills, with only a limited selection of other medicines.
When she went to collect the medicine, the nurse barely glanced at the prescription as she grabbed a blister pack from the shelves.
"It's two thousand dollars for a packet of pills, consumed within two weeks. Scan the QR
code to pay," the nurse instructed.
Wynter arched a brow and said, "You didn't even look at the prescription. How do you know
this is the one I need?"
"There's no need to look at it since all the patients share the same symptoms lately. Just pay
up," the nurse said as she waved dismissively.
After paying the bill, Wynter examined the blister pack. It contained 15 pills, exactly the amount needed for half a month's dosage.
As a medical professional, Wynter was well aware of the profits generated by the pharmaceutical industry. Buying medicine for an illness was no different from purchasing food when hungry. In fact, medicine was as vital as food, for it had the power to save lives.
In the face of life and death, two thousand dollars might not mean much. But what if that was just the beginning?
If a person had to pay two thousand dollars for half a month's supply, a family of five would
end up spending 20 thousand dollars a month for those specialty pills. It was especially so when considering Cascadia's vast population. Moreover, the medicine was a specialty drug rather than a common one.
Aside from its addictive properties, Wynte suspected that someone attempted to control the people through the drugs during the pandemic.
It was much like in ancient times, when the royal family would feed their undead soldiers drugs to ensure their obedience. Without it, the soldiers would face a violent death. Wynter's gaze darkened as she clutched the paper in her hand. Stepping away from the
crowd, she slipped into the service elevator with the card she had discreetly taken from the
nurse.
"I'm heading over to meet you right now, Mr. Asquith. Where's the virology lab? I need to
use it," she texted Drexel, but he didn't reply. Just as she was feeling confused, he texted back, urging her not to meet him.
Wynter frowned at the message. She swiftly deduced that something had happened to Drexel
-and she was right.
Logically speaking, the hospital director held the highest authority. However, Drexel was
aware that he was merely a figurehead. Instead, Willowbrook Hospital's true authorities were the foreign doctors standing before him.
"What are you doing here, Asquith? Shouldn't you be at the meeting?" one of the foreign
doctors casually asked, appearing rather frivolous.
Dave took off his glasses and gazed at Drexel. His eyes then dropped to the documents in
Drexel's hands. "What do you need those for?"
Drexel could feel his palms sweating as he fumbled for an explanation. "Oh, it's about the
recent outbreak. The higher-ups have ordered updates to the wards and equipment in all hospitals to prepare for future cases.
"Each hospital is required to provide information for personnel allocation. There will be specialists visiting, as well."
However, Dave wasn't convinced. "Does that information include the hospital's layout? It
seems you've forgotten what Mr. Tarvin said, Asquith. The only reason your hospital is still running is thanks to us. Everything you have here is underdeveloped. "Without me or Arwel, you wouldn't be able to cure half of these patients. Shouldn't you
consult us before making any decisions?"
As Dave spoke, he closed in on Drexel. "Also, am I imagining things, or are you shaking?"
###chapter1727

Chapter 1727 Capturing the Spies
Though Drexel shook with fear, he noticed Arwel and Dave's suspicious concern about the hospital's structure. Taking a deep breath, Drexel explained, "Those are the orders from the higher-ups. They're currently on site. If you're not convinced, I can take you to meet them."
Hearing that, Arwel grabbed his collar and threatened, "We don't care about orders from the higher-ups! What matters now is that you didn't consult us beforehand. Do you think you're above us now that the hospital's doing well? I guess you need to be taught some lessons."
Arwel shoved a book at Drexel and raised his fist, but that was when a feminine voice sounded from the door. "Have you prepared the documents, Mr. Asquith? The higher-ups are urging us."
It was none other than Wynter, who had come disguised in a nurse's uniform regarding doubts about Drexel's earlier message. Drexel instantly recognized her voice, and Arwel removed the gag from his mouth.
Dave moved to open the door and found Wynter standing there. She silently greeted him before addressing Drexel, "Are the papers ready, Mr. Asquith? They're pressing us."
"Oh, yes. It's all set. I was just discussing a few things with these gentlemen. I'll be right over," Drexel replied.
From Wynter's attire and speech, he could tell that she had noticed something amiss. Instead of calling her out on it, he played along with her words.
When Wynter turned around, her eyes landed on Dave's nametag. She cast a quick glance at him, recognizing his golden locks as a match to the hair sample she had retrieved. She looked away and followed Drexel to the door.
Just then, Dave called out to her. "Which department are you from? I don't think I've seen you around."
As Wynter was about to respond, Drexel jumped in. "She's a graduate I recruited this year. She's still completing her internship."
Dave considered his words before asking, "Which department has she been busy with lately?
||
Drexel calmly replied, "She's been helping me with administrative work. Do I have to report that, too?"
"We're just looking out for our new colleague. Don't take it personally, Mr. Asquith. The higher-ups are pressing, aren't they? You'd better get going," Dave stated, waving his hand dismissively.
His expression darkened as soon as Drexel and Wynter were out of sight. "When the higher- ups leave, we'll teach Asquith a lesson he won't forget. We'll make sure he's gone for good."
Arwel stretched his back with a grin. "That sounds like a plan. This hospital is under our
thumb, anyway. He was so cocky just now. I would've dealt with him already if that nurse hadn't walked in."
Upon recalling Wynter's gaze, Dave wondered curiously, "That nurse looked at my nametag before leaving. What was she thinking?"
"You don't realize how charming you are, do you? There's a saying in Cascadia about love at first sight. She probably has her eyes on you." Arwel chuckled. Hearing that, Dave dispelled his doubts.
Meanwhile, Drexel led Wynter to an empty room. He cautiously locked the door before handing her the documents. "Thank you, Ms. Quinnell. If you hadn't shown up, those thugs would've beaten me to a pulp. Mr. Tarvin brought them in, and they're the real power behind this hospital."
"No need for thanks. You've done a good job. This hospital may be well-managed, but it doesn't mean they prioritize the patients' welfare," Wynter replied.
She pulled out the hospital blueprint from the pile of documents. She spotted a basement marked on the blueprint and asked Drexel about it.
"It used to be a lab. Something happened, and now it's abandoned," Drexel answered.
Wynter arched an eyebrow. "How many people know about the basement?"
"Not many. Aside from those two earlier -Dave and Arwel, only those who used to work in Brighthope know about it," Drexel replied.
Wynter nodded in acknowledgment and grabbed her phone. "Dispatch a team to monitor the hospital's vicinity. Arrest anyone who seems suspicious."
Once the order was given, she turned to Drexel. "You know where the basement is, right? Take me there. I suspect they've repurposed the site."
Drexel hesitated. "I do, but it's been so long. The keys might not be in my office anymore."
Wynter tapped on the desk as she pondered. "No need for that. If my suspicion is true, the keys have already been taken. Just take me there, and I'll handle the lock."
As Drexel led her outside, they ran into a department director, asking for Drexel's signature on some documents. Drexel instructed the department director to meet him in his office before continuing their way.
After a few turns, they arrived at an entrance sealed by an iron gate. Wynter took out a silver needle and worked on the lock. With a few quick twists, the door clicked open.
Behind it, a gruesome lab came into view. Its floor was littered with animal carcasses and human remains, while the vials and tools were scattered haphazardly across the room. It was a scene straight out of hell.
Drexel could hardly suppress his anger at the horrifying sight. Despite being the hospital's
director, he had no idea that such a lab existed. For Wynter, the stark contrast between the life-saving efforts happening above and the hellish scene before her was too overwhelming. At that nent, Caroline, tied to a pillar, stirred at the sound of the door opening. She tried to call out, but her mouth was taped shut, so all she could manage was muffled grunts. Still, the sound echoed clearly in the basement.
Drexel followed behind Wynter as she traced the sound. Upon spotting Caroline, he exclaimed in shock, "Caroline? What are you doing here? I thought you went home!"
Wynter tore off the tape from Caroline's mouth, and she quickly explained, "I was abducted by Mr. Cowell and Mr. Merrick. I was patrolling the wards when I noticed the pharmacy lights still on.
"I went to switch them off but found a secret door. They were running experiments in here! I tried to escape, but they caught me."
Drexel was astounded by her revelation. Though he knew about the iron gate leading to the basement, he never expected Dave and Arwel to have secretly installed a door in the pharmacy to access it.
After hearing Caroline's account, Wynter realized where the specialty pills originated. She ordered her subordinates to bring Caroline for a medical examination and locked down the basement. She then instructed Drexel to guide her to the virology lab.
Even though she held strong suspicions regarding the specialty pills, she knew she needed solid evidence to back them up, lest she would be accused of slandering an honorable doctor. Drexel led Wynter to a virology lab and provided the necessary protective equipment. He then stepped aside, waiting quietly for the results.
---
Meanwhile, Dave and Arwel were leisurely sipping tea at their office.
"We're already halfway through the plan, so we should get out of here soon. Cascadians are
so dumb, especially Lappage! He actually believes those pills can cure the virus!" A wide smile spread across Dave's face as he broke into laughter.
"He might be hailed as a miracle doctor now, but once things go wrong, he would be nothing but a fraud. All evidence points to him, and we'll come out clean. That said, we wouldn't have gotten this far without Mr. Tarvin's help," Arwel chimed in.
Dave nodded in agreement. "Mr. Tarvin is a citizen of Asmaria. We should bring him along
when we make our escape. But before sunset, let's give that nurse a taste of our new-
developed medicine!"
The two chatted away merrily, showing complete disregard for Cascadia's laws.
In the virology lab, Wynter crushed the specialty pills and ran a series of tests. Half an hour
later, she finally found the answer needed.
When Drexel inquired about the results, she replied, "It's a new type of virus that temporarily alleviates symptoms of cold. However, it may cause much worse health effects
in the long run."
Hearing that, Drexel slapped himself in remorse. "I thought this pill was a cure, and that's why I agreed to Dr. Lappage's request. I never imagined it was a new type of virus. I've
caused harm to the public."
Wynter grabbed his wrist and stated firmly, "Now isn't the time to beat yourself up. Right now, my subordinates have the entire hospital surrounded, some of them posing as nurses. What you need to do is get back to work as usual and avoid drawing suspicion. Don't think
about the rest."
Drexel gave a nod of acknowledgment, though a heavy weariness clouded his eyes.
At that moment, Elisha was still seeing the patients at his post. "It's easy to handle your cold symptoms. I'll give you half a month's worth of medicine, and there's no need for further examination. If anything comes up, feel free to consult me again."
"Thank you, Dr. Lappage. You're truly a miracle!" a patient exclaimed with immense
gratitude.
Elisha flashed a smile and said, "I'm just doing my job. Rest assured, you'll recover soon."
None of the patients had any complaints about him. They were convinced that he was an honorable doctor who truly cared for their well-being.
Glancing at the time, Elisha called out to the long line of patients before him. "It's getting late, everyone. Please come back early tomorrow."
With that, he wrapped up his work and headed to the restroom. As he gazed into the mirror,
he couldn't help but smirk. "I'm this hospital's backbone now. Everyone depends on me!"
"No, you're not even worthy." A voice suddenly interjected from behind him it was Wynter.
She flicked her coin as she cast a glance at Elisha. "I thought you're saving the patients, but it turns out you're putting them at risk. How dare you call yourself a doctor?" Elisha was surprised by her sudden appearance at the door. "Aren't you the young lady who
asked for my pills?"
"How else could I have analyzed it?" Wynter confirmed his confusion.
Upon hearing the reply, Elisha glared at her. "How dare you doubt me? I'm a doctor! Every Colifernian knows that I'm the miracle doctor!"
Wynter sneered. "That's because they have no idea what's in your pills. Take him away—
quietly."
As she walked away, two Special Unit members swiftly covered Elisha's mouth and dragged him out through the backdoor.
Recalling Caroline's mention of Dave and Arwel planning to use Caroline for their final
experiment, Wynter instructed the Special Unit members to lie in ambush while a female
member assumed Caroline's position.
Wynter then made a call to Lucas. "This is urgent. I need you to find and isolate all patients who have purchased Dr. Elisha Lappage's medicine from Brighthope Hospital. "They're likely carrying a new type of virus, but we'll need further analysis to confirm. In the worst-case scenario, we may need to lock down the entire Colifernia." When Lucas heard her request, he quickly came to a decision. "Leave it to me. Stay safe,
Wynter."
Once the call ended, he quickly ordered an investigation into the medical treatments and prescriptions at Brighthope Hospital.
After that, he contacted Jackson. "There's a chance that Colifernia may need to be locked
down for quarantine. I need your approval, Mr. Munn Senior."
There was a brief silence before Jackson replied, "Do what you have to. I'll take care of the
rest."
Lucas responded affirmatively to Jackson's approval.
---
In his office, Drexel sat silently in his seat as he was weighed down by the crushing reality of
Wynter's test result. He had poured so much effort into managing Brighthope Hospital, only to be faced with such a devastating revelation.
Guilt overwhelmed him. While he hoped to make amends for the citizens, he was told to
remain in his office. As he drowned in his own remorse, his phone suddenly rang. He quickly gathered himself before answering the call.
Upon learning that it was a call from Lucas, he sprang up from his seat. "Is there anything I
can help you with, Mr. Keller?" he asked nervously.
"I've heard about your situation. It's not entirely your fault. You were only trying to do what
was best for the people," Lucas stated bluntly.
Drexel teared up at Lucas' words. Though he attempted to say something, his voice failed
him.
"Do well by the people. I have faith in you, Drexel Asquith." With that, the call ended.
As the sun began to set, Dave and Arwel were preparing to head down to the basement. All of
a sudden, Dave received a call.
"You've been found out," the voice informed.
###chapter1728
Chapter 1728 A Mole
Dave froze in place after hearing those words. The other party decisively hung up, leaving him in shock and confusion.
Dave quickly bolted to the door, locking it securely. Then, he moved to the window, peering outside cautiously. He didn't notice anything unusual, but his behavior alarmed Arwel, who asked urgently, "Dave, what's going on?"
He quickly turned to Arwel. 'We've been exposed."
Arwel shot up from his seat, joining Dave at the window. His gaze landed on a few nurses he didn't recognize. Pointing them out, he said urgently, 'Look, do you recognize those people? I've never seen them before.'
Dave narrowed his eyes. Sure enough, they weren't familiar faces. They had meticulously reviewed the hospital's staff list earlier to ensure everything was in order.
Dave had already been slightly suspicious when Wynter appeared unexpectedly, but Drexel had assured him she was a recent hire. Trusting the explanation, he hadn't pursued it further at the time.
Arwel's expression darkened as he glared outside. "Damn those Cascadians! They've found us out. They've probably discovered the situation in the basement, too. We need to get out of here immediately!"
Dave nodded in agreement. "It seems like the hospital has already been secretly taken over. We'll have to use the secret passage to escape."
With that, he walked over to a bookshelf and pulled out a specific book. A hidden mechanism was revealed behind it. Placing his palm on the button, he pressed it firmly. An underground door slowly creaked open, revealing a pitch-black passageway.
After carefully placing the book back in its original position, he turned to Arwel. Together, they turned on the flashlights on their phones and slowly moved into the secret passage.
Meanwhile, Wynter appeared in Drexel's office. 'Mr. Asquith, Lucas should have already called you. Don't dwell on things that have already happened, and focus on the task at hand. I've already secretly captured Elisha."
Then, glancing at her watch, she added, "In two minutes, Dave and Arwel will also be apprehended. Call their office now and tell them the higher-ups have an urgent task for them.'
Drexel nodded firmly. He reached for the phone on his desk and dialed the number quickly. The landline's sharp ringing echoed through the enclosed office, but no one answered.
Wynter's brows furrowed at this. She immediately took out her walkie-talkie and issued an order. "Listen up. Proceed to the office at the corner of the third floor right away."
Then, she strode toward the door with purposeful steps.
Drexel remained silent, but his unease was evident. He, too, realized something was wrong. They would have picked up the phone if they were in their office
The Special Unit's members secretly stationed in the hospital gathered at the third-floor office's doorway. Wynter carefully placed her hand on the doorknob and turned it gently. A few seconds later, the door creaked open, revealing a room filled with documents, desks, and books. Yet, the two men were nowhere to be seen.
Wynter immediately picked up her walkie-talkie. "Has anyone outside the hospital seen suspicious individuals leaving, particularly two foreign men?"
A member stationed outside responded promptly, "Ms. Quinnell, no suspicious individuals spotted. The only people we've seen are a pair of young men and an elderly couple carrying medical files."
An elderly couple. A realization struck Wynter instantly. "What were this elderly couple's characteristics, and when did they leave?"
"The old man was dressed simply with a head full of white hair. The old woman was slightly hunched and wore a hat, but we couldn't see more details. They left about ten minutes ago."
Wynter immediately issued a new order. "Everyone, mobilize now! Pursue that elderly couple with full force they've used disguises. The old woman is likely covering her golden-blond hair with the hat. If necessary, request assistance from traffic control and access surveillance footage."
The Special Unit members quickly shed their nurse uniforms and dashed toward the exits.
Sitting in the office, Wynter tapped on the desk rhythmically, her mind racing as she mumbled to herself," How did they realize they were exposed? And with the hospital under such tight surveillance, how did they manage to move from the third floor to the first?"
Questions replayed in her head, over and over, until a thought struck her the pharmacy's hidden passage.
Her sharp gaze swept across the room, landing on the bookshelf. She scrutinized the shelves, noting the books on medicine, pharmaceuticals, and foreign languages.
Her attention zeroed in on a single worn-out book on the bookshelf's second row. It was something that seemed out of place in their office. Reaching for it, she pulled it from the shelf.
As she suspected, a concealed mechanism was revealed behind it. Without hesitation, she pressed the button, and the sound of a door opening came from behind her.
Switching on her flashlight, she stepped into the darkness. A short walk in revealed a table with two white lab coats laid neatly on it. The name tags read Dave Cowell and Arwel Merrick.
Continuing forward, she came to a staircase leading downward. At the bottom stood a large door with another button beside it. As she walked over to press it, the door creaked open to reveal a hospital ward. Inside, a motionless patient lay on a bed.
Wynter slowly stepped out of the ward, noting the proximity of the passage to the hospital's main door.
Shortly after, a report came through her walkie-talkie. 'We found a hat and a wig discarded in a trash bin 2500 feet from the hospital."
"Come back. They're already long gone," Wynter announced.
Right after, she pulled out her phone to make a call. "Lucas, the two spies in the hospital have escaped. I suspect we have a mole, and a high-level one at that. This operation was known to very few people."
Lucas, on the other end, slammed his hand on his desk in frustration. Juan flinched but stayed silent. Lucas said deliberately, 'Wynter, give me some time, and I'll investigate. From what I know, only provincial officials have the right to know about this operation. Leave it to me."
After a brief acknowledgment from Wynter, Lucas ended the call
He then immediately dialed another number. "Mr. Munn Senior, Wynter just reported that the operation to apprehend the spies failed. But only Colifernia provincial officials know about this operation."
Jackson narrowed his eyes. 'Be bold and take action! The thing I despise most in life is spies. Back in my day, I'd deal with them the moment I caught one. I'll take the blame if anything goes wrong!"
His words were like a shot of adrenaline straight into Lucas veins. "I will give it my all!"
Elisha was brought into a detention room, his hands and feet securely bound. Glaring at the people flanking him, he shouted angrily, "I'm the attending physician at Willowbrook Medical Center! What gives you the right to arrest me? I'm going to call the police! I'll sue you!"
The two guards ignored him entirely. Seeing their indifference only fueled his rage, and he was about to unleash another tirade when Wynter entered the room.
"Do you want to know what gives us the right?" Wynter asked, her tone icy. "The fact that the medicine you sold is problematic is more than enough to get you executed ten times over."
Hearing her words, Elisha quickly retorted, "I was doing it for the people! The medicine does work-it can cure them! How is that wrong? Is it just because it's not covered by health insurance?'
Wynter waved dismissively. 'I'm not here to argue semantics. I have a few questions for you."
Before Elisha could protest, she cut him off. "You have the option to stay silent. If you choose that, I'll have you sent to court right now. Rest assured, I'll do my best to ensure you'll cease to exist in just a few days.'
The color drained from Elisha's face. 'I'll answer! Ask whatever you want!"
"It's said that you were an unremarkable doctor before-someone who struggled in the profession. Then suddenly, you rose to prominence during the recent outbreak of fever and cough.
"Did you know about the outbreak in advance, or was it just a coincidence that your reputation surged along
with it?'
Elisha hesitated before replying, "I admit, my skills are average, but I've always been ambitious-"
"Speak plainly,' Wynter interrupted.
"It was because someone told me about this medicine, claiming it could cure fever and cough. At first, I only wanted to try it out without expecting much. However, to my surprise, it worked. Then, more and more patients started coming to me for it."
Wynter caught an important detail. "Who told you about the medicine?"
Elisha waved his hand dismissively. "It was Mr. Cowell. He said time was of the essence and that I should
follow his instructions if I wanted fame and fortune.
"He's a great guy. He knew it was Rohan who got me into the hospital. That's why he helped me out a lot." His tone betrayed his admiration for Rohan.
Wynter nodded. 'Dave and Arwel have likely fled. They were foreign operatives sent to sabotage Cascadia. Right now, you're nothing more than a fool who's had their head slammed in a door."
With that, Wynter stood up, preparing to leave. She had a strong feeling that Elisha was nothing more than a
scapegoat.
Elisha froze at her words. "What? What do you mean they've fled? Weren't they here to save the patients? Does that mean the outbreak was their doing? Did they give me the formula o prescribe to patients, only for me to take the blame when things went wrong?"
Wynter didn't mince words. "Exactly. While they appeared to treat symptoms, the drugs they provided were designed to worsen the patients' health over time. It's like a slow-acting virus, meant to cause immense
suffering.
"And you, the so-called 'miracle doctor? Did you even test the formula they gave you? I bet you didn't. You distributed it like an unregulated, uncertified product.'
Elisha lowered his head. "I ran tests, but they told me it was a fight fire with fire approach. I did suspect them, but they assured me there wouldn't be any consequences. They said if anything happened, someone would
clean up the mess."
Wynter looked at Elisha. 'Clean up? Did they say who?"
Elisha shook his head. "No, but I overheard them on the phone. They mentioned transferring funds overseas
to that person's spouse-someone with the surname Muller. They promised everything would be clean and even offered to visit the province to express their gratitude in person."
"With the surname Muller?' Wynter rose from her seat and strode out of the room while dialing a number on
her phone.
Meanwhile, Lucas had gathered all the documents of the officials in Colifernia who were aware of the operation. Their dossiers were laid out before him on the desk
His phone suddenly rang. He immediately answered when he saw that it was from Wynter.
"Lucas, I just got intel from Elisha. Those two people are backed by someone with the surname Muller. Check
Colifernia"
if there's anyone with that surname among the officials Lucas quickly flipped through the files on his desk twice but didn't find anyone with that surname.
"Wynter, I've checked all the files in front of me. There's no official with the surname Muller.' Wynter furrowed her brows, carefully analyzing Elisha's words-'someone with the surname Muller" and a " spouse". The spouse's surname was Muller, but Elisha hadn't specified if the spouse was a husband or a wife.
Lucas interrupted her thoughts. 'Wynter, what are you thinking?"
Snapping back to reality, Wynter replied, "Lucas, the spouse's sumame is Muller, but that doesn't prove the spouse is a male. What if it's a female instead?"
Lucas froze for a moment, stunned by her perspective. He hadn't even thought that the spy could be a female.
He was focused solely on male officials since all the files on his desk pertained to male personnel in the
province. Rubbing his temples, Lucas said, 'I get it now, Wynter. I'll immediately dispatch someone to investigate the female officials' husbands."
Wynter added, 'This individual may not need to know about the operation directly, but the spy must still be
within the province."
Lucas acknowledged her insight and promptly ordered an investigation into the female officials and their
spouses' files.
After hanging up, Wynter returned to the detention room. Looking at Elisha, she said, "If this information leads to results, I'll push for you to earn merit through your cooperation."
Elisha was visibly dejected. He looked at her with regret-filled eyes. 'It's all my fault. I trusted the wrong people. Please, you have to catch them!"
Meanwhile, Dave and Arwel lounged leisurely on the couch.
Just then, an electronic sound echoed from the door before it swung open. A figure stepped inside, fully
covered from head to toe in thick clothing.
Dave held up two glasses of champagne, offering one to the newcomer. "We couldn't have pulled this off
without you. Now we can properly welcome you."
The person removed their sunglasses, casting a sharp glance Dave. "This is the last time. You've gone too far this time. You are provoking Cascadia's authority."
Without waiting for a reply, the newcomer began scanning the room, heading toward the bathroom to check
inside.
Arwel smiled faintly. 'There's no need to look. It's just Dave and me here.'
Hearing this, the newcomer slowly removed their mask and picked up the champagne glass. She took a sip,
leaving a faint lipstick mark on the rim.
In a calm tone, she said, "I've done my part. Make sure the rest of the money is transferred to the account
immediately."
Dave chuckled as he shook his head. "The money isn't an issue, but we're not done yet. We need your help to
leave this place."
The woman immediately shook her head. "That's out of the question."
Dave swirled the champagne in his glass, fixing her with a knowing look. "That's fine. The worst-case
scenario is we get caught. Of course, we'd have no choice but to tell them all about you."
Her expression darkened. "Are you threatening me?"
Dave spread his hands in mock innocence. "It's not a threat but just a friendly reminder of an old Cascadia
saying-The wise adapt to the circumstances."
"Wait for my news." With that, Seraphine Muller donned her mask and sunglasses once more, leaving without another word
###chapter1729
Chapter 1729 Hope
After Seraphine left, Arwel turned to Dave. "There's one loose end we haven't tied up. Patient Zero is still lying in the hospital room. That's our first research subject."
Dave raised an eyebrow dismissively. 'It should be fine. They won't pay attention to it. Besides, Cascadia's medical technology isn't advanced enough for them to figure it out."
Meanwhile, Wynter was piecing together the broader implications of the situation. She realized that this pandemic was only the beginning.
In her analysis, the foreign powers involved intended to use this crisis to plunge Cascadia-and potentially the world-into a passive state.
From the initial outbreak to regional quarantines, the fallout could spiral into disruptions that would severely hinder Cascadia's development, even causing economic regression.
Having clarified her thoughts, Wynter pulled out her phone and dialed a number.
A familiar elderly voice answered from the other end. "Wynter, if you'd waited any longer to call, I'd have thought you'd forgotten me."
It was none other than Jackson.
Wynter's tone grew serious. 'Mr. Munn Senior, this pandemic could impact Cascadia's development on a massive scale, potentially causing economic setbacks."
Jackson's expression turned equally solemn. "Are you trying to say that foreign powers are trying to use this pandemic to put Cascadia in a passive position?'
"Yes, Mr. Munn Senior. That's my preliminary conclusion, though it may only be the tip of the iceberg," Wynter replied.
Over the phone, Jackson exuded the commanding presence of an experienced leader. "Wynter, tell me what you need, and I'll make the arrangements. I'll also convene a meeting with the higher-ups to share your assessment."
"I'm sure Lucas has informed you about the spy in Colifernia, but for now, that's secondary. What we urgently need is cross-provincial support for the hospitals in Colifernia. The current medical staff and facilities are clearly insufficient.
"Additionally, I'll personally lead a team to develop a treatment for this virus. But I can't guarantee how quickly the results will come. Stabilizing the situation in Colifernia will require a significant influx of doctors from other provinces."
Jackson readily agreed. 'I'll arrange for nearby provincial hospitals to provide support immediately. Just focus on your research. I'll deal with the situation outside. And be careful."
With that, he ended the call and turned to his secretary. 'Get in touch with major hospitals near Colifernia immediately. Request voluntary assistance for Colifernia. No coercion."
The secretary nodded and quickly left to execute Jackson's orders.
Left alone, Jackson stood by the window, gazing at the vast and prosperous land before him. "Wynter, you can do it. You're my last disciple, and I have faith in you."
His words were heard only by himself.
Wynter then sought out Drexel. 'For the foreseeable future, I'll be in the lab working on a special treatment for this outbreak. The hospital's daily operations will fall to you. Don't use doctors you don't trust, and don't doubt those you trust."
"Understood, Ms. Quinnell. I'll personally ensure the hospital runs smoothly,' Drexel replied.
Suddenly, he seemed to recall something. 'Ms. Quinnell, there's one thing I forgot to mention. Dave and Arwel treated a patient when they first arrived at the hospital. This was before the outbreak.
"That patient had a high fever, persistent cough, severe vomiting, and diarrhea. Eventually, they fell into a coma. Would you like to take a look?"
Wynter's mind immediately jumped to the secret passage from which the two had escaped. It led to a hospital ward, where she saw a comatose patient.
Drexel's words sparked a realization. Instantly, she asked, 'Do we have that patient's records?"
Drexel thought for a moment. "I think the patient was from the area near the farmers' market."
Wynter's eyes lit up.
Previously, at the Summit Hospital, Nigel had mentioned Patient Zero was also linked to the farmers' market. It dawned on her that the individual at the Summit Hospital might not have been the true Patient Zero. The real one could be here!
Wynter began making her way to the first-floor ward, and Drexel followed closely behind.
When Wynter first encountered the patient, she assumed they were simply another one of Dave and Arwel's victims. Now, she realized this might be their initial test subject-Patient Zero.
Wynter wore a mask and stepped into the ward. She gestured for Drexel to stay outside to avoid potential exposure.
At the Utopia Hospital of Howlbay, the director, Stefan Althea, gathered the nurses and doctors for an urgent meeting.
He spoke slowly, his tone heavy with gravity. "Everyone, I've just received a notice. Colifernia is experiencing a serious outbreak and is in desperate need of medical support. This will be a voluntary mission-no one is obligated to go."
Stefan took a deep breath before continuing, "However, I must be honest. This mission carries significant risks. There is a high chance of exposure and potentially life-threatening danger-"
Before he could finish, voices rose one after another.
"Dr. Althea, I'll go! A doctor's heart is like a parent's! I'll be wherever the illness is!"
"I'll go, too! I may be a nurse, but I can take care of patients."
"Count me in, Dr. Althea We're doctors. Who will the people rely on if we retreat at a time like this?"
"Life is precious, but I am not afraid. If we must risk our lives to save others, so be it!"
"I'll go, too!"
Stefan's eyes welled with tears. "Good. You're all outstanding! Time is of the essence, so pack your things immediately. Transport will depart in one hour.
"Remember this. 20 people are leaving, and all 20 must come back! You'll return victorious, and I'll personally welcome you back with a banquet!"
This was the unique spirit of unity among Cascadia's people.
Wynter observed the patient lying on the hospital bed. She skillfully inserted silver needles into specific acupuncture points.
Suddenly, the patient's fingers twitched, and his eyes slowly opened, meeting Wynter's gaze. He appeared disoriented, unsure of what was happening.
Seeing him awake, Wynter spoke. "Let's keep this brief. What happened from the time you were admitted to the hospital until now?"
Suddenly, he seemed to recall something. 'Ms. Quinnell, there's one thing I forgot to mention. Dave and Arwel treated a patient when they first arrived at the hospital. This was before the outbreak.
"That patient had a high fever, persistent cough, severe vomiting, and diarrhea. Eventually, they fell into a coma. Would you like to take a look?"
Wynter's mind immediately jumped to the secret passage from which the two had escaped. It led to a hospital ward, where she saw a comatose patient.
Drexel's words sparked a realization. Instantly, she asked, 'Do we have that patient's records?"
Drexel thought for a moment. "I think the patient was from the area near the farmers' market."
Wynter's eyes lit up.
Previously, at the Summit Hospital, Nigel had mentioned Patient Zero was also linked to the farmers' market.
It dawned on her that the individual at the Summit Hospital might not have been the true Patient Zero. The real one could be here!
Wynter began making her way to the first-floor ward, and Drexel followed closely behind.
When Wynter first encountered the patient, she assumed they were simply another one of Dave and Arwel's victims. Now, she realized this might be their initial test subject-Patient Zero.
Wynter wore a mask and stepped into the ward. She gestured for Drexel to stay outside to avoid potential exposure.
At the Utopia Hospital of Howlbay, the director, Stefan Althea, gathered the nurses and doctors for an urgent meeting.
He spoke slowly, his tone heavy with gravity. "Everyone, I've just received a notice. Colifernia is experiencing
a serious outbreak and is in desperate need of medical support. This will be a voluntary mission-no one is
obligated to go."
Stefan took a deep breath before continuing, "However, I must be honest. This mission carries significant risks. There is a high chance of exposure and potentially life-threatening danger-"
Before he could finish, voices rose one after another.
"Dr. Althea, I'll go! A doctor's heart is like a parent's! I'll be wherever the illness is!"
"I'll go, too! I may be a nurse, but I can take care of patients."
"Count me in, Dr. Althea. We're doctors. Who will the people rely on if we retreat at a time like this?"
"Life is precious, but I am not afraid. If we must risk our lives to save others, so be it!"
"I'll go, too!"
Stefan's eyes welled with tears. "Good. You're all outstanding! Time is of the essence, so pack your things
immediately. Transport will depart in one hour.
"Remember this. 20 people are leaving, and all 20 must come back! You'll return victorious, and I'll personally
welcome you back with a banquet!"
This was the unique spirit of unity among Cascadia's people.
Wynter observed the patient lying on the hospital bed. She skillfully inserted silver needles into specific
acupuncture points.
Suddenly, the patient's fingers twitched, and his eyes slowly opened, meeting Wynter's gaze. He appeared disoriented, unsure of what was happening.
Seeing him awake, Wynter spoke. "Let's keep this brief. What happened from the time you were admitted to the hospital until now?"
"Dr. Asquith, more patients with high fevers just arrived. We're running out of beds!"
Drexel gave quick orders. "Add more beds to the wards where possible. If that's still not enough, set up beds in
the corridors!'
In the virology lab, Wynter carefully studied the virus in Terry's body. She discovered that it was highly destructive, especially to the elderly. Those with weaker immune systems were likely to die from this.
"Dr. Asquith, the patient in bed 5 is struggling to breathe!"
"The patient in bed 7 is coughing up blood!"
"The patient in bed 15 can't hang on any longer, Dr. Asquith!"
Drexel could feel his heart bleeding just from hearing these reports from the nurses. These were all lives at
stake.
"Do your absolute best to care for each patient!" he urged, his voice heavy with resolve.
Amid the chaos, no one paused for even a sip of water or a bite of food.
Meanwhile, a convoy of vehicles approached Colifernia from the highway. Inside the cars were medical
professionals, all already suited up in protective gear.
One of them addressed the group. "This outbreak in Colifernia may be as dangerous as the cholera epidemic. I need every one of you to ensure your own safety while caring for the patients."
As he finished speaking, he pulled out a marker and wrote each person's surname on the back of their suits.
Having received prior notice, the Colifernia traffic police were already stationed at the highway entrance, waiting to welcome the convoy. Each officer took the lead in escorting a medical vehicle directly to the
hospital.
Drexel was busy checking on patients when he noticed a group of people in protective gear arriving at the
hospital entrance.
After finishing his rounds, he hurried over. "Hello, I'm Dr. Asquith of the Willowbrook Medical Center. Thank
you for coming to Colifernia to assist us.'
As he spoke, he bent slightly, intending to bow in gratitude.
The leader of the group quickly stepped forward to stop him. 'Dr. Alistair, there's no need for this. We're all doctors. When people are in trouble, it's only right for others to lend a hand."
He continued, "What's the situation in the hospital? We're ready to start work immediately.' Drexel replied with a heavy heart, 'The situation is grim. Many of the elderly patients are in critical condition.
They have persistent high fevers and are coughing up blood. Despite all our efforts, some are slipping away. Several patients have already passed."
"Then, let's get inside immediately. Every life saved is a family made whole.'
As he finished speaking, a nurse rushed over in a panic. 'Dr. Asquith, the condition of the patient in bed 20 has worsened! And the patient in bed 21... has passed."
The group wasted no time and hurried into the hospital, determined to fight death itself and save as many
lives as they could. Outside, the traffic police who had escorted the convoy watched the medical team disappear into the hospital. One of them remarked with admiration, 'These are true angels, heading into the storm."
Drexel reached the virology lab's door and reported, "Ms. Quinnell, the situation is getting worse. Patients are deteriorating rapidly, and we've already lost several."
From inside, Wynter responded, "No one wants to see this happen. I'm working as fast as I can to develop the cure. You must do everything in your power to stabilize the patients' conditions until then.'
Time ticked by as Wynter performed repeated tests, adjustments, and recalculations. Each trial brought her
closer to a breakthrough.
Finally, after countless comparisons and refinements, she held a small vial containing the long-awaited cure.
Terry asked as he endured the pain, "Ms. Quinnell, is the medicine successful?' Wynter replied steadily, "It seems like it has been successfully developed." Terry looked at Wynter before replying with determination, "Give it to me. I'll be the lab rat for it." Without hesitation, he grabbed the vial of the special medicine and swallowed it. Wynter didn't say a word but
diligently monitored his condition, taking his temperature and checking for any relief every few minutes.
Two hours later, she realized Terry's temperature had dropped when she measured it again.
Terry smiled at Wynter. 'It worked!"
Wynter didn't have the luxury to celebrate. Instead, she rushed to produce more of the medicine. Hours
passed, and she managed to create a substantial batch.
Picking up her phone, she called Drexel. 'Come to the virology lab immediately and distribute the medicine to
the critical patients first," she instructed.
Drexel was filled with relief upon hearing her words. "Ms. Quinnell, is the development successful? Excellent!
I'm on my way!" When Drexel arrived at the virology lab door, he noticed Terry's improved condition. A glimmer of hope shone
in his eyes as he said, "Ms. Quinnell, I'm here. On behalf of Colifernia's people, thank you." Handing him the medicine, Wynter instructed, 'Quickly distribute this. Prioritize the critical cases first.'
She then directed the Special Unit to distribute the remaining medicine to other hospitals and the affected residents near the farmers' market.
Turning to Terry, Wynter asked, 'Weren't you worried? What if the medicine didn't work and it cost you your
life?"
Terry smiled and replied, "I wasn't worried because we're all Cascadians.'
Hearing that Wynter nodded. She took a deep breath and said as she headed toward the door, "When you've
fully recovered, don't hesitate to contact me if there's anything you need."
The outbreak was finally under control. Not only had countless lives been saved, but the foreign powers' schemes had been thwarted as well
Just then, Jackson called. 'Good job, Wynter. You've done brilliantly. You are Cascadia's pride!" Wynter responded with humility, "Mr. Munn Senior, this crisis is over for now. But there's no guarantee they
won't try something else. We must remain vigilant."
Jackson's tone became stern. 'It's time we showed them what we're made of. We might not strike first, but we're never afraid to fight back. Leave that to me. You, on the other hand, should get some rest." Wynter smiled slightly. 'There's no time to rest. Didn't you always say that 'With great power comes great responsibility?
###chapter1730
Chapter 1730 You Are Not One of Us
After she hung up the phone, Drexel approached Wynter with visible excitement. 'Ms. Quinnell, the medicine has shown remarkable effects! Many patients are already starting to recover!"
Unbeknownst to them, a group of patients had followed closely behind Drexel. As they saw him speaking with Wynter, they gathered around, their eyes filled with gratitude.
"Thank you, Ms. Quinnell. We wouldn't have made it through this ordeal without you."
"We've all begun to recover thanks to your medicine. We came together to express our gratitude."
"I can't believe how young you are. You truly live up to the saying, 'Great talent shows itself early."
The crowd spoke one after another, and when they finished, all eyes turned toward Wynter. In unison, they bowed deeply.
Wynter tried to help them stand one by one, but they remained bent over.
Suddenly, a golden light emanated from behind them, surging toward Wynter and merging into her body. It was invisible to the naked eye, but Wynter knew it was the merit she earned.
After the group finally stood upright, Wynter addressed them. "This was a collective effort. You've only just begun to recover. Please return to your wards to rest for now."
She then instructed the nurses to assist the patients back to their rooms.
Meanwhile, the Special Unit sent in an update. "All medicine has been distributed, and the crisis is resolved." Wynter quickly issued a message. The outbreak is under control. Lift the lockdowns."
Just then, Lucas called. "Wynter, without you, Cascadia might have fallen under this virus' grip. We've just apprehended a spy hiding in the province, and we've also tracked down the two fugitives from the hospital. If nothing goes wrong, they'll be captured within ten minutes."
Wynter replied firmly, "Lucas, once those two are caught, inform me immediately. I'll handle their interrogations personally.'
Lucas acknowledged her request and hung up, heading off to oversee the capture operation.
Meanwhile, in a courtyard located in the western part of Colifernia, someone reported, "Mr. Lofstedt, Mr. Tarvin has been taken into custody."
Eric Lofstedt, who was sitting on a rocking chair, slowly opened his eyes. "Taken into custody? For what?" "He tried to intimidate the Quinnell family and caused trouble in the restricted area during the lockdown." Hearing this, Eric shook his head. 'What a useless fool. Deliver a message to the Chamber of Commerce later. From today onward, Rohan is relieved of his position as chairman. Make sure it's handled discreetly.
"If anyone asks, say it was Rohan's own decision, and that the chamber had no involvement in his plans."
After giving the instructions, Eric closed his eyes again and muttered failed. Rohan will have to suffice as a scapegoat.
himself, 'It seems this plan has
Not long after, Lucas sent Wynter a message. "The targets have been apprehended. They are in the holding cell.
Upon seeing the message, Wynter headed to the door. She straddled her superbike, revved the engine, and sped toward the holding cell.
Arriving at the location, she strode directly toward the room where the two individuals were being held. Inside, Dave and Arwel sat with their legs crossed, their demeanor relaxed and completely oblivious danger inching closer.
the
The door ened, and their gazes landed on
Dave spoke first, sneering "You're that nurse from the hospital. I had a bad feeling about you. If I'd known, I'd have taken care of you earlier."
Wynter smirked disdainfully. "Dream on. Letting you escape from the hospital was my oversight, but this is Cascadia. No matter how far you run, you'll never leave this place."
Dave replied dismissively, "It's just a matter of time. Sooner or later, we'll walk out of here."
"I'm afraid things won't go as you hope. You'll be staying here permanently. But before that, I have a few questions for you," Wynter replied, unfazed by Dave's words.
Dave and Arwel turned their heads away in defiance, clearly unwilling to cooperate.
Unbothered, Wynter began, "I've investigated the both of you. You're from Magota, yet work for Foplya. Based on this alone, Magota will abandon you. Besides, Foplya won't dare openly admit your association. Your escape routes have been cut off."
Hearing this, the two turned their heads back. 'How could you know such classified information?" Wynter pressed on, "Anything that happens leaves a trail. Now, it's in your best interest to answer my questions. If you cooperate, I can recommend a reduced sentence. You couldn't have pulled off this pandemic alone.
"Foplya sent someone to assist you, and that person kidnapped my team members. Judging by your ranks, you likely didn't have direct access to that person. But Foplya forced you to obey him, didn't they?'
Dave's previously relaxed demeanor was gone. He didn't know how Wynter found such information. "Will you let us go if I answer your questions?"
Wynter shook her head. "What you've done is unforgivable. Your endings are clear if you refuse to speak- execution, with no one to collect your bodies. But if you choose to cooperate, I can help you earn a chance at atonement.'
Dave sighed, then admitted, "You're right. Foplya did send someone. Specifically, a Cascadian was working with them. I only met him once, back when we dumped monkey carcasses in a mountain village. He seemed almost lifeless."
Wynter's hypothesis aligned with his words. She recalled Layla's account of a man and a healthcare worker discarding the carcasses.
"Why that village? Why not anywhere else?" she pressed.
Dave responded with a scoff, 'He said something about the village having the Essence of the Heavenly Law. Utter nonsense. If Foplya hadn't ordered me to follow his lead, I wouldn't have bothered going there."
The Essence of the Heavenly Law? Wynter went quiet as she pondered.
After a moment of silence, she asked, "Why is Foplya against Cascadia? What is their goal?"
After a moment of hesitation, Dave revealed, "They wanted to disrupt Cascadia's development and economics, creating an opportunity to exploit."
Wynter nodded thoughtfully. "Do you remember what that person looked like?"
Dave shook his head. "The only thing I remember is that he wore a robe."
"So, your work was arranged by Rohan, and it was also that person who asked him to do so."
Dave nodded.
With this confirmation, Wynter turned toward the door, but Dave called out hastily, "Wait! What about the leniency you mentioned?"
Wynter glanced back. "The minor crimes will be dealt with first. Then, we'll handle the major ones. Everything you've done has struck at Cascadia's core. Do you really think you'll escape death?"
Dave shouted furiously, "You said we'd earn a chance at atonement if I cooperated! I didn't think Cascadia's
leaders would be such liars!"
"Cascadians don't deceive each other. But are you one of us?"
With that, she strode toward her superbike
Before starting the engine, Wynter sent a message on the dark web to her team. 'Bring me the clan leader from the riverside mountain village."
As she connected the dots about how all the hospitals in Colifernia had been funded through the local Chamber of Commerce, she decided to head to another detention facility.
This one held Rohan. Inside, he was shouting and causing a scene.
When Wynter opened the door and stepped in, a look of unease flashed across his face. 'You... aren't you the Quinnell family's daughter? Don't tell me you've been locked up, too! Serves you right!" he sneered. Wynter pinched the bridge of her nose. She couldn't help but wonder how someone like Rohan could become the Chamber of Commerce's chairman. He lacked both intelligence and composure, completely unfit for his role.
Wynter ignored him and said, "I have a very serious question for you. Are you really the Colifernia Chamber of Commerce's chairman? How could someone like you manage it effectively, let alone keep it running for so long?"
Wynter's words struck a nerve, causing Rohan to snap back, "Of course I'm the chairman! I only got caught because I entered a restricted zone. I'll be out in a few days!"
Wynter calmly placed a stack of documents on the table, sat down, and began to speak. 'You won't be leaving. This entire epidemic only started because you allowed those two foreign doctors into the Willowbrook
Medical Center.
"On top of that, nearly all of Colifernia's hospital investments can be traced back to you. The responsibility lies squarely on your shoulders."
Rohan's face turned pale. Panic set in as he stared at the documents on the table. "No, that's not true! How could I be responsible for the epidemic? There must be a mistake. I demand to see a higher authority!" Wynter realized that it was sometimes truly unfair to compare one person to another. Rohan and Kenton were as different as night and day. She couldn't understand how someone this clueless managed to become the
chairman. "Explanations won't help you now," she said firmly. "For now, enjoy your free meals here-three times a day." Rohan felt his blood run cold. He clenched his teeth as though wanting to say something but hesitated. Just as Wynter was about to leave the room, he blurted out, "Wait! Everything I did was under Mr. Lofstedt's orders! He said investing in hospitals through the chamber would bolster our influence.
"The Willowbrook Medical Center wasn't doing well, so he told me to bring in the two foreign doctors. None of
this was my idea!"
Wynter stopped in her tracks, her eyes narrowing as she turned to face him. 'Mr. Lofstedt?"
"Yes, Mr. Lofstedt! It was all because of his instructions!" Rohan exclaimed.
Taking note of this, Wynter immediately instructed her team to investigate whether anyone in the Chamber
of Commerce went by the name 'Mr. Lofstedt.
Turning back to Rohan, she said coldly, 'I'll investigate thoroughly. You'll stay here for now. You'll bear full responsibility in the end if there's no evidence."
As Wynter reached the doorway, her phone buzzed from a call from Jackson. "How's the situation, Wynter?"
Wynter replied, "The epidemic appears to have been orchestrated by Magota at first glance. But upon closer investigation, the culprits are actually Foplya operatives. They're attempting to steal Cascadia's fortune. "Moreover, there's a figure working with Foplya-a seasoned cultivator. It seems like this plot against Cascadia has been in the works for quite some time."
Jackson's tone became serious. 'Do you have any leads on this cultivator?"
"Perhaps soon," Wynter replied.
"Good. I'll await your update. Foplya... it's time they witnessed Cascadia's might," Jackson said firmly.
Just then, a Special Unit member approached Wynter. 'Ms. Quinnell, we looked into the Chamber of Commerce. There's a man with the nickname 'Mr. Lofstedt,' but he retired some time ago." Wynter's mind raced as she pieced together the puzzle. The epidemic in Colifernia was a carefully woven plot. Yet, Rohan had made it clear that he wasn't privy to the full picture and had never met this cultivator. However, the entire scheme-whether it was the placement of operatives in hospitals or the dumping of infected monkey carcasses by the river-required someone like the cultivator pull the strings.
This meant the cultivator must have had contact with Eric. Yet, there was no concrete evidence linking him
to these events.
She murmured to herself, "It seems we're dealing with a puppet master operating from the shadows."
Meanwhile, one of Eric's subordinates came to report, 'Someone has been investigating you in the Chamber
of Commerce.*
Eric nodded calmly, signaling his understanding. "Find an opportunity to silence Rohan."
The subordinate continued, 'Mr. Lofstedt, why haven't we heard from that cultivator who came to see you last
time?"
Eric turned to look at the subordinate. "Don't let curiosity get the better of you about things you're not meant to know."
The subordinate quickly apologized profusely before retreating from the room.
Layla had just prepared some offerings and was about head to the River God's shrine. She refused to believe
that the River God had simply left and held onto the belief that the deity would continue to watch over the
village.
As she stepped out of her home, she encountered the men Wynter sent. 'Good evening. Please come with us. We need to ask you some questions." Layla took a step back warily. "What does this have to do with me? Why should I-"
Before she could finish, the Special Unit members firmly escorted her away. Their orders were clear-bring
Layla to Wynter Meanwhile, hidden behind a large tree, a man observed the scene. He held a dagger in his hand. Watching
them lead Layla away, he pulled out a phone and made a quick call. "The mission has failed. Someone arrived
before me and took her away."
From the other end of the line, a hoarse, weary voice responded, 'Return immediately. Do not let yourself be
seen.'
The man nodded and slowly backed away, disappearing into the shadows.
Not long after, Layla was brought before Wynter. Upon seeing her, she exclaimed, 'Why is it you? You said you
wouldn't arrest me!"
Wynter replied calmly, 'I need your help to recall something."
She gestured to the person next to her. "This is a sketch artist. I need you to describe the cultivator you saw so
that he can draw him."
Layla was about to claim that she didn't remember when Wynter interrupted her with a stern tone, 'You can
choose to say you don't remember. However, if that's the case, my previous assurances won't stand. Someone,
take her into custody."
Layla panicked. "Wait, wait! I'll talk! I'll try to remember... That cultivator was very old." "What else?" The sketch artist had already prepared a pen and paper, ready to begin.
"He has a lot of wrinkles on his face. When you get close to him, there is this terrible smell. It smells like
something rotten. But his eyes were different-they were deep and piercing, like he could see right through
you.
"His hair was completely white." Then, she paused to think. 'And his voice-it was heavy, like he carried a lot of sorrow. His posture was hunched, but his movements didn't match someone his age."
Wynter nodded. 'Take a seat and try to think if there's anything else you can remember.'"
The artist began sketching based on her description, each stroke carefully capturing the details. A short while
later, the artist handed over the completed drawing to Wynter. One of her team members took one look at the sketch and immediately frowned. "Boss, isn't this-"
###chapter1731

Chapter 1731 Start of a New Plan
Everyone's eyes shifted to the sketch on the table, their faces filled with disbelief.
"This... Isn't this Mr. Winston Senior?"
"But isn't Mr. Winston Senior dead?"
One of them turned to Layla and asked, "Are you certain the cultivator you saw looks exactly like the person in this sketch?"
Layla could sense the tension in the room. She took the sketch and studied it carefully. "Yes, that's him! This is the cultivator I saw."
Standing beside Wynter, Lucas couldn't hide his confusion. "Wynter, hasn't he already passed away? How could the person she saw be him?"
"Seeing is not always believing, and hearing is not always the truth," Wynter replied before looking at everyone's visible confusion.
However, Wynter had already deduced the truth. She knew the figure wasn't truly Clyde-it was someone who had taken over his body.
The discussion brought clarity to one thing for Wynter-this intricate plot had been set in motion years ago. If this mysterious cultivator was one of the key players, then the enigmatic "Mr. Lofstedt " undoubtedly held significant knowledge about the conspiracy as well.
Wynter knew it was time to finally confront him.
As the lockdowns were lifted, the restrictions on the farmers' market were also removed. The people who had been confined there, having taken the medication, were now visibly recovering.
Just then, a ray of sunlight streamed through the door to the farmers' market, signaling the end of the lockdown.
"Everyone, look! The lockdown on our market has been lifted!"
"We've been stuck here for so long, unable to go anywhere. We can finally leave!"
"Today calls for a celebration! It's time to treat ourselves to something special!"
The farmers' market had been one of the first places to be sealed off after Wynter detected suspicious activity.
Back then, the decision to quarantine the market had been met with anger, as this was where they had their businesses. For many, the market was their sole source of income.
Just then, a representative from the Industry and Commerce Bureau walked in, holding a
stack of documents.
"Everyone, please gather around. Your cooperation was crucial in containing the outbreak. However, starting today, the buying and selling of wild animals in this market is strictly prohibited."
Instantly, a wave of protests erupted.
"How are we supposed to make a living if we can't sell wild animals?"
"I feed my family by selling wild animals!"
The representative raised his hand to calm the crowd. "This is a directive from the top. Wild animals often carry viruses we don't fully understand. We must ban their trade!"
Oscar fell silent. He had stopped being plagued with sleepless nights ever since Wynter warned him against selling wild animals.
Standing beside the representative was a well-dressed man who then stepped forward and addressed the crowd.
"I am the Quinnell Group's representative. This epidemic has proven that wild animals are carriers of unpredictable viruses. We understand that everyone here is just trying to make a living.
"The Quinnell Group has decided to step in not for profit, but for necessary reform. If it weren't for the antiviral medication's timely arrival, many of you might have lost loved ones to this epidemic.
"Furthermore, under the Quinnell Group's guidance, we guarantee you will earn more than before. And you won't have to worry about the dangers that come with trading wild animals.
The crowd murmured in contemplation.
One vendor spoke up. "Can you really promise we'll make more than we did before?"
The man smiled reassuringly. "Yes, I can. Follow our plans, and you'll earn more than you did."
"Then I'm in."
"Count me in, too."
The man came with contracts already prepared. After reading them thoroughly, the vendors signed and pressed their fingerprints on them.
The man took out his phone and sent a message to Wynter. "Ms. Quinnell, the acquisition of the farmers' market has been completed."
Meanwhile, in a house in the eastern part of the city, a voice rang out. "I'm sorry, sir. I failed to carry out your instructions. By the time I arrived, someone had already taken her away." The old man standing before him lowered his gaze. "It doesn't matter. It's unfortunate that years of planning have been disrupted. The pandemic was thwarted thanks to that girl from the Quinnell family.
"I had intended for a two-pronged approach, but with the farmers' market's Heaven's Resentment Formation failing to activate as well, it seems I'll need to adjust the next phase of the plan. Stay here, and wait for my orders.
Then, he headed toward the door, slowly disappearing into the darkness.
...
Wynter was discussing the next steps with Lucas. "Lucas, there's an invisible hand manipulating the entire situation behind the scenes. How's the interrogation of the spy you captured going?"
Lucas sighed. "She admitted that she was recruited as a spy during a work trip to Foplya. But the intelligence she had access to wasn't from a core department, so the information she provided wasn't very useful."
Wynter nodded. "I've uncovered something new. The true mastermind behind the pandemic might be the Chamber of Commerce's real chairman."
Lucas frowned in confusion. "Isn't Rohan the chairman?"
Wynter shook her head. "That guy is nothing more than a scapegoat. Do you really think he could keep the Chamber of Commerce thriving for so long with a brain like his?"
Lucas recalled his interactions with Rohan, who indeed didn't seem particularly sharp. "So, who's the real chairman?"
"Someone with the alias 'Mr. Lofstedt.' He's a reclusive elder within the Chamber of
Commerce," Wynter replied.
Eric had managed to orchestrate a grand scheme without revealing himself. Hence, Wynter decided she needed to meet him and see what clues she could glean.
She continued, "This scheme by the old cultivator is probably just the beginning. We're going to be busy in the days ahead. But one thing is certain-no matter who this cultivator is, he must be in Colifernia. I'll assign people to track him down in secret." Lucas nodded. "I'll arrange for my people to help with the search as well. Oh, one more thing. Mr. Munn Senior mentioned that a lot has been happening in Colifernia recently. Since the secretary position here is vacant, I've been reassigned to assist you."
He then patted her shoulder, signaling that she could count on him in Colifernia. Wynter nodded in response. With Lucas stationed in Colifernia, he could handle certain matters for her.
She had originally come to Colifernia to address a different issue-over the years, Gordon's Chamber of Commerce had been gradually eroded by these people. She needed to find a way to reclaim it.
But if this was all about seizing the country's fortune, Wynter couldn't help but wonder what role Mt. Dragon played in this.
As Wynter finished organizing her thoughts, a voice interrupted her. "Are you Ms. Quinnell?"
Wynter looked up to see a middle-aged man dressed impeccably in a suit. "You are?"
The man responded, "I'm one of Mr. Lofstedt's subordinates. He sent me to find you. He wishes to meet you."
Wynter raised an eyebrow. "Right now?"
The man nodded.
"Tell me the location. I'll be there shortly."
"The teahouse in Colifernia. We look forward to your visit." He gave a slight bow before turning and walking away.
Wynter couldn't help but feel the irony of the timing. Of all moments, it had to be now. She had just resolved to seek him out, only for him to preempt her by sending someone to summon her instead.
She wondered what he was playing at this time. Nevertheless, she knew this was a meeting she couldn't avoid.
At the bus station, Cornelius was pacing anxiously, looking utterly dejected as he waited for someone.
Soon, an elderly cultivator and a younger one emerged from the station. The old man was none other than Kaspar.
The moment Cornelius saw Kaspar, he ran toward him with a sulky face. "Mr. Stavius, someone in Colifernia bullied me! She said I was incompetent and shouldn't embarrass myself. She even broke the artifact you gave me!"
Kaspar raised an eyebrow. "Did they really break your artifact? Let me take a look later, and I'll see if I can fix it."
Cornelius was momentarily stunned. "Mr. Stavius, the point is that someone bullied me! Not that the artifact is broken!"
Hearing this, Kaspar gave him a meaningful look. "I got beaten up all the time too when I was your age. As the saying goes, a setback is a chance to gain wisdom."
Cornelius thought of a different approach. "She also said that Mt. Dragon is no good and is on the verge of decline!"
This finally caught Kaspar's full attention. "What? Who said that? Take me to this person right now! I want to see just how capable she is to make such bold claims about Mt. Dragon."
Cornelius quickly led him to the car. As they drove off, he blabbered nonstop, recounting every insult he had endured. Kaspar's anger grew with every word, and he wished he could fly straight to the person and give them a good beating.
Wynter changed into a fresh set of clothes and rode her superbike to the agreed meeting place-Colifernia's teahouse.
When she arrived, the once-bustling establishment was eerily empty.
Two bodyguards stood at the entrance, and upon seeing her, they stepped aside and gestured for her to enter. Once she stepped inside, they resumed their positions, blocking the entrance once more.
Eric had reserved a private room despite the empty teahouse, with only the staff lingering inside. When they saw Wynter enter, one of the attendants politely guided her to the private room.
Inside the room, Wynter was greeted by the sight of an elderly man who appeared to be over 100 years old. His weathered face bore the marks of a life full of experiences, and his sharp eyes gleamed like those of an eagle.
Despite his seemingly amiable appearance, his commanding presence was unmistakable.
Eric looked up at Wynter. "Ah, you're here."
Wynter nodded and slowly sat across from him.
"I just heard that you arrived in Colifernia. That's why I quickly sent someone to invite you over for tea," Eric began.
Wynter smiled faintly. "I've been in Colifernia for a while now. It seems like your intelligence network isn't as sharp."
Eric chuckled. "I'm just an old man with no special connections. I'm only managing to make a living through the Chamber of Commerce to support my retirement.
"The real reason I invited you here was to see what the late Mr. Quinnell Senior's great-great -granddaughter looks like. Back in the day, I followed him on many ventures and witnessed his heroic spirit. It's such a shame he's no longer with us."
He sighed as he finished his sentence.
Wynter immediately realized that Eric was no ordinary figure. He seemed to be a friendly elderly, even recounting tales of his supposed past with Gordon.
Suddenly, Wynter turned serious. "Then why don't you return the Chamber of Commerce to me? It was my great-great-grandfather's legacy, after all."
Eric froze for a moment before quickly recovering. "If only I could help you with that. But I'm afraid my hands are tied. I have no influence in the chamber, and I would've helped if I could."
Eric hadn't anticipated Wynter to bluntly demand the Chamber of Commerce right from the start. He had heard about her shrewdness from her dealings in Hawford.
However, this directness made him reconsider his assumptions about her. He wondered if he had overestimated her.
Wynter responded promptly, "Mr. Tarvin has already been arrested, hasn't he? Now that the Chamber of Commerce is without a leader, shouldn't it be easy for you to help me take it over?"
Eric took a slow sip of tea before replying, "Wynter, it's not as simple as you think. Mr. Tarvin stepped down some time ago, and the current chairman is a Cascadian expatriate You must understand that the chamber's growth now depends on international business. "While your great-great-grandfather firmly kept the chamber's dealings domestic, times have changed. This is a world for young people, and I, as an old-timer, have no say in their decisions."
Hearing this, Wynter immediately recognized the cunning beneath his affable demeanor. On the surface, he spoke as if he was thinking from her perspective, but the implications were clear.
He meant to say that taking back the chamber was an impossible task. Unlike in Kingbourne or Hawford, Colifernia lacked the Quinnell or Whitman families' backing, leaving her with little leverage.
Wynter tapped her fingers rhythmically on her thigh. "You were behind this epidemic,
weren't you? And that old cultivator, too."
Eric's expression remained unchanged. "Wynter, I have no such capabilities. I don't understand what you're talking about."
"Rohan said it was you," Wynter replied calmly.
"Rohan?" Eric laughed heartily before continuing, "Must it be true just because he said so?
Would you rather trust the words of an outsider than someone who worked alongside your great-great-grandfather?"
Wynter remained silent. Though Eric revealed nothing, she caught the faintest hint of evasion in his words.
Eric sighed. "It seems you'd rather believe an outsider. If you have evidence, by all means, take me in. It's a shame, really-I won't be able to fulfill your great-great-grandfather's wish of looking after you in Colifernia."
He truly sounded as if he missed Gordon and had genuinely wanted to help Wynter.
Wynter fell into thought at his words. From their brief conversation, she realized that Eric handled everything flawlessly, leaving no gaps to exploit.
It dawned on her that overt power wasn't the real threat. Instead, it was the ones who hid behind a friendly facade, the smiling wolves, who were truly deceptive.
"The details aren't important," she said at last. "What matters is that I will reclaim the chamber, fully and completely. I don't care who currently holds the chairman's seat. What I do know is that it won't be long before the chamber's name is returned to the Quinnell family."
Eric slowly rose to his feet. "Then I'll await that day with great anticipation. I hope you can restore the chamber to the glory it held when it was under your great-great-grandfather. I'm sure he will finally be able to rest in peace then."
As he walked toward the door, he added, "Oh, and, be careful. Colifernia is a place full of unexpected dangers, ones no one can predict. Take care of yourself here. Otherwise, I'd truly feel guilty before your great-great-grandfather's spirit."
Wynter replied calmly, "Don't worry, I'll be just fine. At the very least, I'm tougher than some people."
With that, she stood and left first.
Eric's demeanor shifted entirely once he stepped out as well. "Keep a close eye on her. If necessary, create an accident, but leave no trace."
Just as he finished speaking, his phone rang. Pulling it from his pocket, he glanced at the caller ID and answered the call. "Who is this?"
"It's me," came a voice from the other end.
Eric immediately covered the speaker on his phone and went to a secluded area before he relaxed slightly. "Eric, the next phase of the plan can begin ahead of schedule," the voice ordered.
###chapter1732
Chapter 1732 It's You
Eric's lips curved into a smile. "I've been waiting to hear from you. Is it finally time?"
The voice replied, "With the pandemic halted, the Heaven's Resentment Formation remains unactivated. We need to push forward with the plan. Before that, I'll have someone to get rid of that Quinnell girl."
"That sounds good to me. No one will know that the late Mr. Quinell Senior was..." Eric burst into laughter, cutting his own words short. He then hung up the call and headed to his car.
Meanwhile, Wynter was about to leave the café on her superbike when she heard someone clamoring from behind.
"That's her, Mr. Stavius! She's the one claiming that Mt. Dragon is ruined!"
Kaspar looked straight ahead but failed to recognize Wynter with her back to him. "Who are you? Which sect do you belong to? Why did you slander Mt. Dragon?" he demanded.
As Wynter slowly turned around, the words died on his lips.
"W-Wynter Quinnell? You brat! Have you confused her with someone else?" Kaspar slapped Cornelius sharply before hopping toward Wynter, eager to hear why she was in Colifernia. Wynter answered, "I'm here on business. What about you?"
"This brat told me that Mt. Dragon was being slandered for our poor courtesy and that we'd be gone soon. So, I rushed here to deal with it," Kaspar stated as he beckoned Cornelius over.
Upon seeing Kaspar's friendly demeanor toward Wynter, Cornelius was left confused and unsettled. "I must be mistaken, Mr. Stavius. She's not the one. Let's go find the real slanderer."
Yet, Wynter fixed him with a piercing glance and a dangerous smirk. "Did you tell Mr. Stavius that someone has slandered Mt. Dragon? It seems like your mouth only runs with nonsense. You've let the praises in Colifernia go to your head. Well, let me teach you a lesson on Mr. Stavius' behalf."
She moved in a flash as the silver needle shot out. Kaspar watched by the side, as if it was of no concern to him.
In truth, Wynter had no intention of seriously harming Cornelius. She could tell he had potential but had squandered it. After being hailed as the Colifernia Chamber of Commerce's esteemed guest, he had grown arrogant and viewed others with disdain.
It was the perfect timing-she had free time, and he showed up right when she needed to let off some steam.
"Save me, Mr. Stavius! A disciple of your lineage is about to die!" Cornelius cried.
Kaspar replied coolly, "Oh, don't worry about that. Even without you, I have plenty more disciples in my lineage."
Hearing that, Cornelius could only cover his head as he struggled to dodge Wynter's deadly strikes.
Kaspar silently chastised Cornelius for provoking her. After all, he had once nearly sought her mentorship.
Suddenly, Kaspar recalled his dissipating energy, and his gentle gaze turned into a vicious glare. "Don't tell me you were the one who offended her, causing half of Mt. Dragon's heavenly energy to be lost and our signboard to tilt! You foolish disciple!"
With that, Kaspar joined the fray. With nowhere to escape, Cornelius was kicked from all sides as though he were a soccer ball.
After some time, Wynter and Kaspar were exhausted from the skirmish and took a seat on a nearby bench, leaving Cornelius sprawled on the ground. Wynter took a sip of her water before inquiring about Kaspar's purpose for being in Colifernia.
"I was on my way to Hawford when I sensed half of the heavenly energy from Mt. Dragon had vanished. I traced the cause to Colifernia, so I hurried over. However, I was soon informed that Mr. Winston Senior had appeared in the city," Kaspar stated sternly.
He already knew that the real Clyde was dead. In other words, the one appearing in Colifernia wasn't Clyde at all, but an imposter wearing his skin.
Wynter showed no surprise at Kaspar's words. If he hadn't been aware of such things, Mt. Dragon would truly be in peril.
"We should keep this between a select few. After all, most people only trust what they see. Since you're here in Colifernia, I could use some help," Wynter said.
Kaspar fearfully retreated a step. "Don't tell me you're planning something terrible. Listen here there's no other powerful Stavius in Mt. Dragon but me. If things go wrong, Kaspar Stavius will be gone from this world."
Wynter hadn't realized that Kaspar could be humorous. In Kingbourne, he was a figure of great respect and held accomplishments in the Arcane Way, yet he remained elusive. Little did the citizens know that beneath his serious demeanor lay a witty sense of humor.
Wynter waved her hand dismissively and replied, "It's nothing like that. You've heard about the pandemic, right? It was caused artificially. We believe they might start meddling with our geomancy or formations next.
"There's an old medium in Colifernia-the fake Clyde Winston. The reason he's called 'old' might have something to do with his extraordinary abilities. I need you to find clues about him. After all, cultivators can sense each other's presence."
As Kaspar fell into thought, Wynter continued, "It's okay to refuse. While I don't think it'll be a problem, the people might think the mighty Mr. Stavius-"
Kaspar swiftly cut her off before she could finish. "I'll do it! The meals..."
"Three meals a day, lodging included, and a nine-to-five schedule," Wynter replied. Kaspar happily agreed to the deal.
Glancing at Cornelius, Wynter added, "Your disciple's fine, but he's far too naive. He's been here since leaving the mountains, soaking up flattery from the chamber of commerce. I suggest you knock some sense into him every day."
With that, Wynter mounted her superbike and rode off.
Kaspar turned to Cornelius and lifted him from the ground. "It seems like you're living the life here, eating meat every day. Do you know the others at Mt. Dragon can only get meat once a week? When we get back, I'll let you have a taste of my 'love!'"'
Meanwhile, in Hawford, Cleo had been informed of the events happening in Colifernia. Beside him, Alaric commented, "Ms. Quinnell did a remarkable job, didn't she?"
Cleo nodded approvingly. "She certainly did. Not only did she prevent the pandemic from spreading at a crucial moment, but she also had Colifernia Chamber of Commerce's chairman thrown to jail."
"Though, she might believe that Tarvin is the true chairman," Alaric added.
"I see what you're getting at. You're worried that she might underestimate the situation and fall victim to the mastermind." Cleo addressed Alaric's concern as he stood from the rocking chair.
Alaric affirmed, "Exactly, Mr. Sinclair. If all went as planned, Ms. Quinnell must have acquired the gold-eyed goldfish left by Mr. Gordon-it's the emblem to inherit the chamber of commerce."
Cleo ordered resolutely, "Pack our things and book a flight to Colifernia for tomorrow. If she truly has found the emblem, we need to tell her the truth. I'm ready to put my life on the line to help her reclaim control of the chamber of commerce."
As Alaric set about making the necessary preparations, Cleo silently gazed at the plants in the room. The situation in Colifernia was far more complicated than it appeared, and he knew there was a real chance he might not make it out alive.
Yet, he had found the only one who carried Gordon's legacy, and he wouldn't hesitate to follow her.
Wynter suddenly recalled she had left Dalton at the hotel. She was worried that she wouldn't be able to care for him while handling the pandemic, but it seemed she had now almost forgotten about him entirely. She quickly rode back to the hotel, reaching its entrance in just ten minutes.
Confidently, she made her way to Dalton's room. When she opened the door, his handsome face greeted her.
"So, how does it feel to be without me these past few days, Mr. Yarwood?" Wynter teased.
Dalton smiled faintly in return. "Ms. Quinnell, you told me to stay here during the pandemic. But now that it's over, you show up days later. Is there something you can't resolve together with your fiancé?"
Wynter nervously tossed her hair and replied, "Well, there's just been so much going on, so I nearly forgot you're here. I promise it won't happen again."
Dalton shot a glance at her. "Well, I've been just fine these past few days. I had coffee and refreshments - I didn't even miss a single meeting. Grandpa's back, too. He told us to join him for lunch."
Wynter hummed. "Let's head over, then. Coincidentally, I came on my bike."
Meanwhile, Rohan, kept in the holding cell, was having his meal when he suddenly collapsed, foam spilling from his mouth. The custody officers hurriedly called for an ambulance and reported the situation to Lucas.
As Wynter was about to leave for Theo's residence on her superbike, her phone suddenly rang. Seeing that it was a call from Lucas, she quickly answered, "What's wrong, Lucas?" "Rohan was eating in his cell when he suddenly started foaming at the mouth. We rushed him to the hospital, but it was too late," Lucas informed her grimly.
To that, Wynter replied that she would gather more information at the hospital. Although Dalton could infer the situation from her words, he said nothing and merely gazed at her.
Sensing his gaze, Wynter explained, "Mr. Tarvin, Colifernia Chamber of Commerce's chairman we arrested recently, had an unexpected incident while dining. We need to visit the hospital before heading to Mr. Theo's place."
With that, she started the engine and rode off toward the hospital.
As for Theo, he had grown more fond of Wynter, especially since he received her message urging him to leave Colifernia for fear of the virus outbreak.
He made a call to Fabian and asked, "Hey, Fabian, when are we going to arrange Wynter's wedding? We can't wait to have her join our family-we even prepared the wedding gifts!"
On the other end of the line, Fabian replied, "It's not my place to meddle in the youngsters' decisions. Besides, it's up to Wynter to choose if she wants to marry. She's still young, and I doubt her brothers will approve of her marriage."
"Those boys aren't a concern. What truly matters is Wynter's consent. If she agrees, we could have the wedding tomorrow morning, and by the afternoon, she'll be a cherished member of our family," Theo persuaded.
The two elders went back and forth-one pushing for the wedding to happen soon, while the other was reluctant to see Wynter get married.
At that moment, Wynter stood over Rohan's corpse, observing his purple lips and the foams lingering around his mouth.
"He ate the same food as us, yet this happened," the custody officer reported.
When asked whether they had bought the food from outside, he replied affirmatively, "We got it from our regular restaurant."
Hearing that, Wynter ordered a search for clues at the restaurant mentioned. She quickly realized that Rohan was marked for death, and Eric had likely staged it.
Despite knowing that Eric was behind Rohan's death, Wynter had no evidence to prove it.
Taking out a silver needle, she inserted it into one of Rohan's acupuncture points. When she withdrew the needle, it was blackened.
There was no mistaking it-Rohan was silenced. Eric must've realized that she had noticed him, so he asked her out for tea and presented himself as one of Gordon's retired loyal followers.
"Take care of the corpse and send it to the chamber of commerce. Tell the members that Mr. Tarvin died of food poisoning," Wynter instructed the custody officer.
Though Rohan held no significance to her, his life still mattered. No one should ever take another's life in any way.
"Come one, let's go to Mr. Theo's place," Wynter said as she glanced at Dalton.
Just as they arrived at Theo's residence, the table was already set with food. Upon stepping inside, they found Theo on the phone. It was surprising how long the elders could talk. As expected, the entire discussion revolved around the couple's wedding.
Noticing their arrival, Theo shouted into the phone, "Enough talking, my granddaughter-in-law is here!" He then swiftly ended the call.
"Hey, when did my granddaughter become your in-law?" However, Fabian's confused protests echoed in the silence.
Theo turned to Wynter with a beaming smile. "Come and sit here, Wynter. I know you have a light appetite, so I prepared your favorite food."
He didn't even bother to spare Dalton a glance, seemingly regarding his grandson as little more than a messenger. Dalton shook his head and sat beside Wynter.
"Try this, Wynter. It's delicious! And this, too!" Theo insisted as he piled Wynter's plate high with food.
Just then, he suddenly inquired, "When will you have the wedding, Wynter? I've already spoken with Fabian, and we're both eager to meet our great-granddaughter." Wynter was taken aback before replying, "We'll get to that once everything is wrapped up." Theo was elated by the response. "Fantastic! I'll be waiting for your good news."
As evening approached, Wynter excused herself to handle her affairs, while Dalton chatted with Theo.
Riding her superbike, she noticed a car rapidly closing in behind her before swerving into her lane. She immediately slammed on the brakes and intended to examine the situation, when a sudden flash in the distance caught her eye.
Her alertness shot up, and she attempted to move toward a blind spot. The moment she shifted, a bullet shot toward her from above.
Despite there being only a few pedestrians around, the sound of the gunshot still sent them into a panic.
Wynter swiftly issued an order through the dark web. "Track my location and lock down the streets. Someone just fired a rifle in the open. Search carefully, and don't let anyone suspicious escape!"
When Wynter looked back at the place where the shot came from, there was no one there.
Just as she prepared to move, a figure suddenly appeared before her with a gun pointing straight at her.
Wynter was surprised upon recognizing his face. "It's you!"
###chapter1733
Chapter 1733 Cleo's Visit
The man remained unfazed by Wynter's exclamation as he pulled the trigger. In that split second, Wynter bent her body and hurled three silver needles toward his wrist. The sharp pain caused the man to lose hold of the gun.
Standing up, Wynter found that the man seemed to have forgotten her entirely. His gaze lost its usual warmth, filled instead with a cold disdain for life.
"What happened to you, Fang?" Wynter called out to him.
Lupius hesitated at the sound of his codename. His eyes flickered with a brief clarity, but the distant chime of a bell brought him under control again. He yanked the silver needles from his wrists and attacked Wynter once more.
Wynter, hearing the bell, turned toward the source of the sound. She spotted a figure draped in a black robe perched high on a building. They gave her a slight bow, as if telling her to enjoy the gift they had prepared. The figure then slowly retreated until it disappeared from sight.
At that moment, Lupius swung a powerful fist toward Wynter, the air around it cracking with force. She shifted her gaze from the building and darted back, narrowly avoiding the blow. No matter how she called his name, his expression remained detached-like a man staring into the face of death.
Only then did Wynter understand why the old medium had taken Lupius. Dave once mentioned that the old medium had a use for Lupius, and now that need was painfully clear.
Knowing that Wynter wouldn't kill Lupius, the old medium had taken control of him to fight against her. Wynter, however, couldn't risk using her needles on Lupius, as one wrong move could lead to irreparable damage.
When the Special Unit members arrived at the scene, they found Wynter standing there. Upon drawing closer, they were surprised to see Lupius. "What are you doing here, Fang? We've been searching for you nonstop these past few days."
Yet, Lupius didn't respond to their call and merely focused on attacking Wynter. In his eyes, she appeared to be a dangerous monster that needed to be eliminated.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1734

Chapter 1734 Taking the Risk
Cleo sensed a commanding air around Wynter, one that he had only ever felt with Gordon. He gazed at her approvingly, as though applauding her resemblance to Gordon's past bearing.
In his letter, Gordon mentioned Colifernia's volatility. Initially, he had no intention of expanding the chamber of commerce there. However, he was a loyal man. Knowing that Eric was a Colifernian, he decided to visit the city at Eric's request.
In the final lines, Gordon warned that the waters in Colifernia were treacherous. He knew he could face death there, but it wouldn't be by chance. He cautioned his descendants to stay vigilant against the dangers lurking beneath Colifernia's peaceful surface.
Wynter clutched the yellowed letter tightly, never anticipating Gordon had foreseen his demise in Colifernia. She turned to Cleo and asked, "What are your plans now, Mr. Cleo?"
"I'll do everything within my power to help you reclaim the chamber of commerce-it only belongs to the Quinnells. At the same time, I'll figure out a way to get rid of Eric, though that will require further planning. He has a firm grip on Colifernia and influence in every corner of it," Cleo replied.
Wynter gave a nod of acknowledgment. "I'll make sure Eric is dealt with. The best way to defeat an enemy is to strike where they're most confident."
Hearing that, Cleo instructed Alaric to hand her an item. "This ring was left by Mr. Gordon. He gave it to me, but I now believe you're more worthy of it. I'm sure Mr. Gordon would approve of it, too. The Quinnells are truly fortunate to have such an accomplished daughter." Wynter accepted the ring from Alaric and made up her mind. She had planned to reclaim the chamber of commerce slowly, but now she knew that Gordon's death had been no accident.
She could still remember his gentle demeanor when they first met. Yet, she never imagined such a patriotic man would be stabbed in the back.
"I'll reach out to the elders who once served the Colifernia Chamber of Commerce, Ms. Wynter. They may be able to help us reclaim the organization," Cleo suggested as he prepared to leave.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1735

Chapter 1735 The Remaining Follower
Eric laughed as he said, "Cleo, you're still so stubborn after all these years. But you're in luck this time."
Cleo replied seriously, "Because I deeply respect Mr. Gordon. Obviously, it's something you could never understand."
Eric responded casually, "We were both Mr. Gordon's followers. Deep down, I admire him, too, but everyone makes their own choices. Didn't you choose to stay tucked away in Hawford?"
Cleo raised an eyebrow. "Because I'm waiting for the person Mr. Gordon chose."
Eric laughed heartily at Cleo's response. "That girl from the Quinnell family? She's too inexperienced."
Glancing at his watch, he continued, "It's getting late. I came by this time to see you. After all, we've been friends for so many years. You reached out to Isaiah, but not me. I had no choice but to come to his house to wait for you."
As he spoke, he turned to look at Isaiah. The situation was as clear as day now. Isaiah, who had once sworn loyalty to Gordon alongside Cleo, had fully sided with Eric.
Realizing this, Cleo clenched his fists tightly. He couldn't understand why things had come to this, and his eyes betrayed a trace of doubt.
Isaiah avoided his gaze, unable to meet his eyes.
Seeing this, Eric's smile deepened. "Cleo, times have changed. The Quinnell family might look grand to outsiders now, but they're nothing remarkable to us old-timers. Surely, you can understand why Isaiah did this."
As he spoke, he patted Cleo's shoulder. "I won't interrupt your little reunion any longer. I've got plenty of work to do.
"You should be aware that the chamber's founding ceremony is just a few days away. Don't say I'm not considerate of Mr. Gordon's descendants. You can bring that girl from the Quinnell family since you care so much about her. She's just a youngster, and I can make room for her."
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1736

Chapter 1736 A Target for Malice
Blake's fingers froze for a moment after hearing the officer's words.
During races, it was true that slowing down on sharp turns wasn't advisable. However, it still shouldn't have resulted in such a severe accident.
This wasn't the first time Ross had deliberately tried to overtake him. The organizing committee must have records of similar incidents from the past.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1737

Chapter 1737 Foresight
When Blake reentered the interrogation room, Nickson took a glance at him. "You just had to waste half an hour to meet your lawyer, didn't you? She won't be of any help."
Blake calmly replied, "My lawyer will find the evidence needed."
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1738

Chapter 1738 Someone's Scheme
Meanwhile, Wynter had arrived at the accident site in the outskirts on her superbike.
The area was already cordoned off with police tape. Not only were there officers collecting evidence, but there was also a swarm of media reporters hovering nearby.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1739
Chapter 1739 Cracking the Mystery
Someone had set up a formation here. The other party's goal couldn't have been as simple as orchestrating a fatal car crash. They intended for Blake to kill the victim in front of
everyone. This was a trap targeting Blake!
Realizing this, Wynter clenched her fists tightly. Without alerting anyone, she quietly slipped the red string into her pocket.
This incident's implications were massive. After all, Blake was an internationally renowned racer with an enormous reputation. Ross wasn't an ordinary person, either, but a fellow famous racer with a significant fan base.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1740
Chapter 1740 Luring the Snake
The rain grew heavier as Tobias and Jacqueline chatted.
Jacqueline was puzzled by how the weather had changed so suddenly, but she continued, "
You should reach out to Ms. Quinnell more if you miss her. After all, you're siblings."
"Wynter's too busy. I don't want to add to her worries," Tobias said, though his voice carried an unmistakable pride. "Let's go. It's time to eat."
Knowing how close the Quinnell siblings were, Jacqueline dropped the topic and opened the umbrella to shield him.
Just then, an actress wearing the bridal gown from their earlier scene approached, her voice soft as she called out, "Mr. Quinnell."
Tobias stopped and turned back. "What is it?"
"It's nothing, really. I just wanted to thank you. If it weren't for you, who knows how many more slaps I would've had to endure?"
She was referring to their scene together from just now.
Tobias, on the other hand, didn't seem to take it to heart. "It was the least I could do."
With that, he continued walking with Jacqueline, boarding the MPV without lingering at the set.
However, Jacqueline seemed worried about the earlier interaction. Unable to keep it to
herself, she finally spoke up. "You know how big your reputation is-everyone wants a piece of the spotlight.
"I'm not saying there's anything wrong with her, but you need to be cautious. After all, Ms. Quinnell specifically told you to avoid entanglements with women."
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1741
Chapter 1741 Ruining Blake
Right then, Wynter's phone rang. She smirked, a mischievous glint in her eyes. "It looks like we've got some work to do."
Whitley was still wondering what she meant when she stood up and walked out. As she went, she answered Lancelot's call.
"Ms. Quinnell, it's just as you predicted. One of the rally sponsors, Lenny Malone, invited Ross to a café for a meeting a few days before the race. Their discussion's exact details remain unknown, but Ross left with a look of absolute confidence as if the championship was already in the bag."
Lancelot continued to claim, "They must have made some sort of deal."
Wynter was not particularly surprised. She had Lancelot investigate this because the appearance of such an incident at the rally, along with the meticulously cleaned crime scene, indicated issues with either the organizers or the sponsors.
She put on her helmet, then tossed an identical one to Whitley in the back. The Bluetooth headset integrated into the helmet was both stylish and sleek.
Glancing down, she got straight to the point. "Lenny, huh? I've read his profile. He's a self-made man, and every project he backs always becomes a hit. I want to know if he has foreign capital backing him."
Lancelot exclaimed from the other end, "My dear Ms. Quinnell, you're as sharp as ever. What I was about to tell you was that his funding sources are unclear."
"Is the Colifernia Chamber of Commerce involved in this?" Wynter's questions were pinpoint accurate, each striking at the heart of the matter.
"Yes. You know how things work on the tracks-some people don't care about winning but about the gambling money behind the scenes.
"The money Lenny gains from underground betting can't go straight into his accounts, so he funnels it through overseas accounts linked to the Colifernia Chamber of Commerce. I'm sure you're familiar with this method."
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1742

Chapter 1742 As if You Could
Wynter turned her gaze toward the source of the voice. The speaker was none other than Buck, the third-place racer featured on the poster earlier. He looked decent enough, but nothing decent ever came out of his mouth. His words were laced with disdain for Blake.
Back when Buck was still a part of Blake's club, he earned a steady salary while secretly
participating in rigged races as a side job. Blake, someone intolerant of deceit, didn't publicize the scandal but swiftly kicked Buck out of the club.
Instead of feeling any gratitude, the ungrateful Buck was now here, ridiculing Blake in his time of need.
Marcelo Woodward, visibly furious, shot back, "Buck, you know very well what you did. The boss spared your future and reputation by not exposing you, but that doesn't mean no one knows the truth!"
Everyone nearby perked up their ears, eager to know what he was talking about.
Upon noticing this, Buck barked, "What are you all staring at? Do you have nothing better to do?" At his outburst, the group quickly dispersed, unwilling to offend him, especially with his impending championship victory all but assured.
Buck then turned his scornful gaze to Marcelo. "You're nothing but Blake's loyal lapdog, Marcello. If Blake actually makes it out of jail, I'll change my last name to his!"
He continued, sneering, "What's the point of staying here? We used to be colleagues, so don't say I'm not giving you a chance.
"The club I'm in now is one of the best internationally. It's miles ahead of Blake's tiny operation. If you still want a career in racing, come with me. Dissolve this club right here and now!"
His words began to sway a few people.
Marcelo, however, let out a cold laugh. "Do you think you can compare yourself to Blake? He's a racing genius with an undefeated record, someone who's brought honor to our country on international stages. And you? All you've done is disgrace us!"
Buck's face darkened at Marcelo's words, and he snapped, "You're really choosing to do things the hard way, huh? Do you really think Blake i some saint? He killed Ross just to win. He-"
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1743

Chapter 1743 Her Other Identity
Wynter meant every word when she promised payback. Since they dared to stage the accident, she would ensure those betting on the race felt the sting of their loss.
Beyond investigating and fighting corruption, the Special Unit was equally committed to providing protection. When Blake was taken into custody, a member had followed. Wynter hadn't just visited Blake as his lawyer-she needed to ensure his safety.
Nickson was convinced he had left no trace, not knowing he had been under surveillance all along. After all, Wynter excelled in playing the long game.
In fact, the Special Unit had tracked down all of Nickson's contacts and connections. Those who schemed against Blake were about to witness their own downfall.
Eric hadn't foreseen such a twist as Wynter never revealed her true identity. He believed that Lucas was the one who settled the incident at the hospital. Had it not been for Rohan's idiocy, they wouldn't have lost such a lucrative opportunity in drug manipulation.
According to the rumors, Lucas became suspicious of the farmers' market since Wynter stuck her nose into the situation. Otherwise, he wouldn't have crossed the region to Colifernia.
As Eric fiddled with his rosary bracelet, his eyes darkened with a sinister malice. It appeared the Quinnells were as nosy as ever. Even when "that person" had risen in power, they dared to provoke him.
Blake wouldn't be the only one to be arrested. His entire family would go down with him, especially Wynter.
Having heard about Wynter's accomplishments from the Hawford Chamber of Commerce, Eric was aware of her reason for coming to Colifernia.
Did she think the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce still belonged to her family? Did she believe she could reclaim it and interfere in his businesses? How ridiculous. He had been in Colifernia for over 50 years, and the chamber of commerce was rightfully his now!
To support his claim, Eric had invited the mediums to the banquet. Although "that person" couldn't attend in person, they had asked him to evaluate the mediums' ability. After all, cultivators 'fortune surpassed those of ordinary people.
Eric had devised the perfect plan, and everything was progressing smoothly. However, Kaspar had been far too stubborn.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1744

Chapter 1744 That Fiancé of Mine
Medwyn declared with unwavering confidence, driven by his mentor's close relationship with Kaspar and the unshakable power Eric held over Colifernia.
He ascended the stairs gracefully to find Cornelius standing at the door. "Why are you standing there, Cornelius? Where's Mr. Stavius?"
Cornelius turned around and exclaimed, "Shouldn't you be training at Mt. Verfait? What are you doing here?"
"I have some business with Mr. Stavius," Medwyn replied with a sly smile. He knocked on the door and introduced himself.
"Mr. Stavius, I'm Medwyn Pritchett, a disciple in Mr. Leanan Uselton's lineage. I have something to ask of you."
The door remained closed as Kaspar's voice sounded from within. "What is it?"
Seeing that he wouldn't be invited in, Medwyn lowered his voice and explained through the door," Mr. Lofstedt of the Colifernia Chamber of Commerce wishes to speak with you and seeks your support.
"He's considering relocating the chamber's heritage site on tomorrow's founding day, and he's hoping you can lend your expertise in geomancy. Mt. Verfait's and Cloudveil Sect's cultivators will attend the ceremony as well, so..."
Before Medwyn could finish, Kaspar cut him off with a firm refusal.
Medwyn was momentarily stunned and quickly adjusted his approach. "Please don't dismiss me so quickly, Mr. Stavius. Mr. Lofstedt has strong connections in Colifernia and has built a solid network over the years. I ask that you reconsider."
The door suddenly flung open with a loud bang, though Kaspar remained seated inside. Just as a master martial artist could wield such impressive skill, so too could a cultivator who had attained a certain level of the Arcane Way.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1745
Chapter 1745 The Coolest
At the break of dawn, the race track was already buzzing with activity as staff members tended to their duties. As the morning light grew, the eager spectators filled the stands. It was a remarkable sight, with crowds bustling at every corner.
In a suite overlooking the spectators, Lenny and Buck were deep in conversation.
Flicking the ashes from his cigarette, Lenny said, "You'll ace the finals, won't you? I replaced your car with a high-performance model, and now there's no competition left for you."
"Rest assured, Mr. Malone. There's no doubt I'll be crowned champion in this race," Buck answered with assurance, though the root of his confidence was unclear.
Lenny cast a glance at Buck before turning his attention elsewhere. "Action speaks louder than words. Forget it. Go and get ready."
"Alright, I'll head down now. Please look forward to my amazing performance, Mr. Malone!" With that declaration, Buck left the suite and headed for the pit lane.
Once Buck was out of sight, Lenny shifted his gaze to the race track and smirked. "Oh, Blake, why do you have to be so stubborn? We could be making profits together. And yet, you chose to protect your reputation and ended up behind bars."
In the pit lane, Buck silently signaled to Bart through the crowd. Catching the subtle signal, Bart discreetly walked away and met Buck in an isolated corner.
"Are you sure Blake's sister is participating in the race?" Buck asked as he handed a bag of cash over.
When Bart saw the money, his eyes lit up instantly. "Yeah, but I heard that she knows nothing about cars. She's probably biting the bullet."
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1746
Chapter 1746 It Is Her
"Why is she from the Quicksilver Club?"
"Hold on! Blake Quinnell... Wynter Quinnell... Could they be siblings?"
"The genes in that family are something else. If Wynter were a guy, I'd marry her in a heartbeat!" "Am I the only one who thinks her name sounds familiar?"
The chatter in the audience was relentless.
Hearing this, Wynter turned to the crowd and cast a smile before striding confidently toward the racetrack.
Her simple yet poised gesture sent the spectators into a frenzy. Beautiful and bold-these words perfectly encapsulated Wynter's current presence.
Marcelo watched as Wynter approached before reminding her, "The race is about to start. Don't stress yourself out."
Wynter held her helmet in one hand and smiled faintly, saying nothing. After all, it wasn't her who needed to feel the pressure-it was someone else.
The online buzz had reached its peak. Countless users flocked to the Quinnell Group's official social media account, leaving comments to confirm Blake's identity. With Wynter already stepping in, the situation was no longer a mystery.
The media frenzy intensified even further. After all, the fact that a member of the Quinnell family had killed someone in a racing accident made it unlikely for things to end quietly.
But before any rumors could even take root, the Quinnell Group's legal department updated its official statement.
The post made it clear that Blake was being framed, and they reserved the right to pursue legal action indefinitely against those spreading false information.
Although evidence was yet to be presented, anyone familiar with the Quinnells' legal department knew they didn't make empty threats. Their track record was flawless-if they pursued a case, it was a guaranteed win.
Not to mention how Wynter ended up assisting authorities with a major interprovincial case after rumors of her manipulating the stock market circulated.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1747

Chapter 1747 Champion
However, no matter how hard Marcelo tried to speak through the intercom, there was no response from Wynter's end.
He clenched his fists tightly. A sense of worry filled him when he realized that the big screen no longer showed her car. If anything went wrong, Blake would never forgive him.
He rushed over to the race coordination team. "I'm requesting to stop the race! The clouds are gathering, there's lightning and thunder, and the screen shows no sign of our club's driver. If something happens, no one will ever know if it's accidental or intentional!"
The race officials huddled together in a quick discussion. One of them eventually turned to Marcelo and said, "Once the race starts, we cannot halt it. The harsh environment only further tests a good driver's skills, doesn't it?"
As Marcelo argued with the race officials, Bart had also noticed the ominous change in the sky. His eyes darkened. "Wynter, huh? You won't be coming back this time. Not everyone can participate in this race."
Meanwhile, the murmurs in the crowd continued.
"What's going on? Wasn't it just sunny a few moments ago? Why is there lightning now?"
"And where did the drone following Wynter go? The screen only shows the other racers."
Marcelo's concerns were almost spilling over the screen.
But Bart merely smiled faintly as he looked down. In his mind, the race was already over, with no room for suspense. No one could escape the Spirit Token. He knew this all too well, especially after seeing Ross meet his end in the same way.
Meanwhile, Wynter's speed remained undiminished. She glanced at the storm clouds and lightning above with not a hint of emotion.
From within the purple sugilite pendant, Leo peeked his head out. "Master, why has the weather suddenly turned like this?"
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1748
Chapter 1748 In a League of Her Own
The day faded into a breathtaking sunset. Despite being the champion, Wynter chose not to stay for the interview, sparking a wave of discussions that trended at the top.
The Malone family, realizing they couldn't silence the uproar, attempted to shut it down with their connections. But before they could act, news confirming foreign investments in race gambling broke out online.
It was one thing if the activity had been legitimate. Instead, it was a new form of money laundering that threatened Cascadia's core interests.
The Malones had no reservations about sending a racer to jail. Thanks to their connections, they could even handle any fallout with the Quinnells, though not without complications. But if they had endangered the country's interests, they would face questioning from the authorities.
Bernard Malone hurriedly instructed someone to inform his son, Lenny. They had to get out of this mess, and fast!
Meanwhile, Lenny was savoring his moments. The chandelier towering overhead and the wafting fragrance of tea set a scene of full Velorian grace. The guests, all company owners, toasted and chatted in groups as if closing deals. It was rare to see the Royal Luxury Hotel so crowded. Its exorbitant costs usually kept ordinary citizens at bay, yet luxury cars rolled in one after another that day. Clearly, Eric was a true mover and shaker.
Lenny stood by Eric's side. The two were now the central figures in the Colifernia Chamber of Commerce, with everyone eager to butter them up.
The guests, relaxed and contented, sipped tea as they toyed with their rosary bracelets.
A guest remarked, "As expected of Mr. Lofstedt. I've heard that Riocard Baire of the Cloudveil Sect is hard to please, but his divination is valuable. He never joins any chambers. Is it true that he'll be coming?"
"And then there's Mt. Verfait! Mr. Pritchett, the young medium who has been following Mr. Lofstedt, claims that his mentor will be attending, too. I guess Mr. Lofstedt is the only one in Colifernia with such influence," another chimed in.
As the praises poured in, Eric feigned humility. "I was only given such respect because of their genuine concern for the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce. They sincerely hope for its prosperity in the coming year.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1749
Chapter 1749 Take Them All Away
Just then, the door burst open. The leading member, Skylar Patel, took one look at the scene and shouted in anger, "What are you doing?"
Nickson was stunned. Before he could respond, Skylar yanked him away and glanced at the powered-down equipment.
"Take him away," Skylar ordered, and his two subordinates moved toward Nickson.
Hearing that, Nickson attempted to explain. "We're all from the same department, buddy. Which division are you in? I'll check in with your boss. This is a restricted case, and you can't just step in without special authorization." Skylar glanced at him. "Don't talk to me so casually. We're not in the same group. From the way you're speaking, it sounds like you know every chief in the division."
With the Malones' support, Nickson wasn't worried about being investigated. A quick call to the right authorities would resolve everything.
"Of course I do. We might not be in the same department, but we work in related divisions. Are you here for inspections? I can give Mr. Zimet a call. This man is under investigation by the Malone family's order," Nickson said with a smile.
He handed over his phone, showing the Malones' contact information. In such situations, he was sure that mentioning their name would settle things in his favor.
However, Skylar merely turned around and ordered, "Do you hear that and have it on record? Go pay Mr. Zimet a visit."
At that moment, Nickson realized
wasn't only a couple of officers around. Outside, a team in black uniforms was
holding the deputy chief down.
Nickson was completely dumbfounded, and his legs started to give way.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1750
Chapter 1750 Talk Things Through
Leanan's distinguished reputation left no doubt. He was no ordinary figure but one who hailed from an orthodox sect. When he looked at Wynter, he could sense the hostile air that enveloped her.
Although she was endowed with the Quinnells' merits, the heavy weight of the personal burdens rendered her unfit to assume control of the Southern Cascadia Chamber
Commerce.
Moreover, Leanan had noticed the resentment energy lingering at the chamber's heritage site was overwhelming, tainted by the weight of countless sins.
It was only a matter of time before the heritage site became an Earthbound Formation. If the chamber wasn't relocated soon, a disaster was sure to follow.
"For all reasons at play, the chamber's heritage site must be relocated," Leanan said with unwavering certainty. His declaration shifted the very nature of the discussion.
While superstitions were largely dismissed, the historical discord between certain geomantic forces couldn't be ignored.
"Otherwise, it may lead to unthinkable consequences. Too much has piled up over the years. The site needs to be cleansed, or else it'll affect the city's fortune," Leanan continued with a flick of his finger.
When Giles heard those words, his expression faltered. Though Wynter gained the upper hand through Lenny's scandal, the table now seemed to have turned.
Everyone exchanged uneasy glances, and even the reporters hesitated to speak out. In all their years of experience, they knew better than to challenge an esteemed medium.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1751
Chapter 1751 Not Afraid of Resentful Energy
At this moment, the photographer Wynter had pointed
near his brow.
finally revealed his face. There was a prominent scar
Lenny had been involved with countless actresses, but the one he remembered most was Sylvia. Not because of her beauty, but because her brother, Colin, was reckless enough to fight him head-on.
During Colin's petition attempts, he had secretly planned to stab Lenny after realizing there was no hope for justice. Thanks to his tight security, he had avoided the attack.
However, he had deliberately ordered to leave a scar on Colin's face.
At the time, Lenny began to tread carefully. He knew better than to provoke those with military backgrounds. Regular soldiers weren't a concern, but Colin seemed different.
Even Lenny's bodyguards mentioned that he might have been in the Special Unit, possibly involved in missions. They advised Lenny not to push too hard, warning that if authorities investigated thoroughly, the affiliations involved would be troublesome to deal with.
Reluctantly, Lenny refrained from killing Colin immediately. Instead, he leveraged his influence to have Colin transferred to a regular unit after identifying him. By logic, Colin should have disappeared entirely from any records, with no chance of advancement.
Lenny had assumed that his maneuvering had intimidated Colin into retreating to his hometown. Hence, he couldn't understand how Colin was standing i front of him today.
Lenny couldn't see anything unusual initially. But as Colin's face was revealed, a pair of blood-soaked eyes belonging to Sylvia seemed to stare directly at him, as if she could appear before him at any moment.
Lenny scrambled across the floor in panic. "Don't come for me! It was him! He's the one who sealed your soul!" In his desperation to save himself, Lenny immediately pointed at Medwyn.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1752

Chapter 1752 The Truth Should be Revealed
Perhaps it was the overwhelming sorrow in Sylvia's voice, or perhaps it was the deep-seated emotions swirling in Colin's gaze. Either way, the atmosphere in the banquet hall turned unbearably heavy.
The media personnel present found themselves struggling to look at the tragic siblings.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1753
Chapter 1753 Arcane Mind Destroyed
The Malone family would never rise again.
Some people had tried to suppress the news with money, but it was practically impossible.
In the banquet hall, everyone was glued to their phones, and when their gazes returned to Lenny and Medwyn, they were filled with unforgiving disdain. Meanwhile, Leanan had yet to comprehend what was unfolding.
A few media professionals, driven by a strong sense of justice, shouted openly, "Pay with your lives! Not just the Malone family, but the so-called cultivator who helped them should pay the price, too!"
Leanan's brows furrowed deeply as he prepared to refute, but his disciple tugged at his sleeve from behind.
"Mr. Uselton, the situation online is really bad."
"That still doesn't justify siding with an evil spirit to claim the lives of the living!" Leanan scolded sharply." Medwyn is indeed wrong, but his mistakes will be dealt with by our sect.
"A spirit that has already turned into a specter should be eliminated, not assisted! That goes against the heavenly law!"
Wyntyer sneered. "Who's truly evil here? I've had enough of your sanctimonious talk."
Turning her head slightly, she added, "Sylvia, do whatever you want."
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1754
Chapter 1754 Heavenly Merit
Mt. Verfait's cultivators stared in disbelief, struggling to comprehend what they had just witnessed.
This was their mentor. By all logic, a cultivator at his level should not lose their Arcane mind so easily. Such a catastrophic event would usually require the deliberate interference of someone at the level of a grand master.
But today, that wasn't the case. Kaspar hadn't even moved a finger.
As for Wynter, she was merely a rogue cultivator with a demonic manifestation. She wasn't even formally trained in the Arcane Way. Her abilities came from her unique horoscope which allowed her, under certain circumstances, to see spirits.
This phenomenon wasn't unheard of as Mt. Verfait had encountered similar cases before. They just couldn't understand why Leanan's Arcane mind would break.
Even Leanan himself was stunned. He glanced at his palms, the sudden onset of pain making him clutch his head.
Any cultivator could see that his cultivation power was dissipating. A shattered Arcane mind didn't just render a person's spells useless but also drained their accumulated merit.
The logic was simple. Cultivation was rooted in the heart. No matter what path one pursued, a stable foundation was essential. With the Arcane mind destroyed, a cultivator became no different from an ordinary mortal.
Leanan was visibly aging before their eyes. The vitality and authority he once commanded were gone, replaced by the frailty appropriate for someone of his age.
"No!" Leanan exclaimed, panic flashing across his face for the first time. He trembled with disbelief, refusing to accept the reality before him. "My Arcane mind-you destroyed my Arcane mind!"
When his gaze landed on Wynter, it was no longer the lofty, condescending look of an elder. Instead, his eyes were filled with darkness and malice. "How dare you destroy my Arcane mind?"
Wynter stood motionless, her eyelids lifting just enough to convey her indifference.
Kaspar laughed heartily from the side. "Leanan, you're really something. Wynter didn't even move, and yet you're blaming her for shattering your Aracne mind. But it truly is strange. What could have caused you to suddenly lose it?
"Could it be... that you caught a glimpse of the heavenly merit she carries-the kind you could never hope to achieve?"
"Heavenly merit?" The onlookers collectively drew a sharp breath.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1755
Chapter 1755 Found the Heavenly Merit
Before Dalton could respond, the director called for Tobias. "Tobias, there's a shot we need to retake!"
Stretching his neck, Tobias shouted back, "Got it!"
Dalton remained silent. As a powerful capitalist, the entire crew might as well call it a day if he showed his face. Only Jacqueline was aware of his visit, while the rest of the crew assumed he was just a friend of Tobias.
Unlike Jacqueline's cautiousness, the rest of the crew didn't think much of this visitor who had come to observe. "Mr. Yarwood, perhaps you'd like to return to the hotel for now? Once Tobias finishes shooting, I can have him meet you there," Jacqueline suggested in a low voice. "The environment here isn't great, and I'm worried it might not suit you."
"That won't be necessary." Dalton glanced toward the ongoing shoot, raising an eyebrow. "I'll wait for him to finish."
Jacqueline hesitated but relented. "Understood."
Indeed, Dalton's presence was too overwhelming for ordinary people.
As she turned to leave, Dalton spoke again. "Has she called you?"
It was obvious who he meant-Wynter.
Jacqueline responded immediately, "She did. She also mentioned you were coming and told me to make sure you were well taken care of."
Dalton finally smiled faintly. His voice was so low that one wouldn't hear it if they weren't paying attention. "At least she has some conscience."
The day darkened as filming continued.
The director genuinely had a reason to call Tobias back. For some reason, one of his shots hadn't been recorded despite the fact that the camera had been running. The director was confused as he asked a supporting actor to help Tobias get into the scene.
For the past few days, Tobias had been in a near-total digital detox. Wynter had instructed Jacqueline to ensure that he wasn't distracted by family matters, and Jacqueline had obeyed, keeping the recent news away from him.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1756
Chapter 1756 Reclaiming the Chamber of Commerce
Meanwhile, after hanging up the phone, Eric's gaze darkened. He knew the current situation was unfavorable for him.
Nevertheless, he still had people to replace Lenny. As long as he remained in his position, replacements were
always an option. Right now, his priority was to stabilize the situation. With so many media personnel present, he had to ensure he distanced himself from any involvement.
Unfortunately, things were not looking optimistic. As soon as he re-entered the event, he ran into Cairo, who was departing. His instincts told him the incident's nature had shifted.
"Mr. Irack, are you leaving now?" he asked.
Cairo nodded slightly. "I have another meeting to attend shortly. I need to head over now."
Eric didn't push him but opted for a more tactful approach. "Mr. Irack, I apologize for taking up your time today. I'll find another opportunity to host you properly and make amends."
Cairo said nothing in response.
Seeing this, Cornell immediately stepped in. "Mr. Lofstedt, we need to leave promptly. Let's discuss this another time."
After that, Cairo and Cornell headed toward their vehicle. Eric knew social cues very well, personally opening the car door for Cairo.
Cairo gave him a meaningful glance before saying, "It seems the Chamber of Commerce's affairs are quite complicated."
Others might not understand this statement's subtext, but Eric, with his years of experience navigating the bureaucracy, caught on immediately.
"Rest assured. The media here today are all familiar faces. This matter will focus solely on the Malone family. I will handle it appropriately."
"Good to know. Make sure to guide them on what can and cannot be published," Cairo said before getting in the
car.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1757
Chapter 1757 A Slap in His Face
The commenter was none other than Wynter, who gazed at Eric with a faint smirk. Eric furrowed his brows while the senior chamber members erupted into an uproar.
"What do you mean by that? Explain!" A senior member could hardly keep his cool, glaring at Wynter as if she were a grave sinner.
The gold-eyed goldfish symbolized the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce's very root, embodying longevity and thriving success. Yet, Wynter had questioned the emblem's authenticity, which the senior members found unacceptable.
Wynter replied calmly, "I mean exactly what I say. What Mr. Lofstedt's holding is a fake. You must've known that, too, or you wouldn't be reacting this strongly."
The skeptical senior member in question was Isaiah Rylan, the man Cleo had once approached. Though Isaiah was grateful toward Gordon, he refused to wait any longer. Seeing how well Eric handled the business, he chose to let Eric take the reins.
However, Isaiah had never once mentioned the benefits he received in return.
Wynter didn't blame him for his shift in allegiance. Anyone would've switched sides given the circumstances. However, she sensed an insincerity in his constant reminiscent of the Quinnell family.
Isaiah had once worked as a waiter at the port, despite his age. Wynter didn't mind him using Gordon's name to connect with the Cascadian expats in the past. But what irked her was that he was still relying on Gordon's name to maintain those connections even now. Without hesitation, Wynter pointed out the issue. "You've all been saying that the times have changed and the chamber needs new leadership. But why are you still relying on Grandpa Gordon's connections, then?"
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1758

Chapter 1758
A wonder? What wonder? Why hadn't anyone heard of it? Some elders of the Chamber of Commerce exchanged puzzled glances, and newer members were even more baffled.
Standing frozen in place, Eric was torn between staying or leaving. A realization dawned on him, but it was too late to do anything.
From across the fish pond, Renault Tungsten let out a startled cry. "T-The carp, they're-" Before he could finish, the elders surged forward to get a better look. The scene before them was akin to a vibrant painting, with the gold-eyed goldfish as its main subject. The other carp-some red, others white-swirled around it in a shimmering flurry of colors.
Upon closer inspection, the seemingly ordinary emblem, no different from a copper coin, began to emit a golden glow. The intricate carving of a fish's tail on its surface appeared almost alive.
Indeed, this was a wonder-it was as if a bridge had formed in the water. The carp were darting toward it eagerly. Despite being blocked by some unseen barrier, they circled back and tried again with unwavering determination.
This completely shocked the onlookers. Some media folks instinctively raised their cameras to capture this surreal moment.
"This is... divine. Absolutely divine!" a merchant muttered, refusing to believe what he saw was real. He even pinched his own cheek in disbelief.
"What exactly is going on? How would the emblem..." The color completely drained from Isaiah's face. Even someone as slow-witted as him now realized that Wynter's emblem was the real deal.
Yet, why had they never heard of the gold-eyed goldfish possessing such an extraordinary ability? Isaiah desperately yearned to get answers from Eric.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1759

Chapter 1759 Step Aside
After all, with photos, anything could be spun. The more popular Tobias became, the more traffic Chance could bring. Posting those photos online to slander Tobias would not only generate buzz but also bring in money!
Chance didn't mind that this was a trap set by Luna, nor did he care about the kind of relationship she and Tobias really had. After all, the relationships between men and women were endless in the entertainment industry. The key point was that Tobias could bring views! Muttering to himself, he planned aloud, "But just these shots aren't enough to stir interest. I need to get inside for more. First, I'll head back to the office and post a teaser. 'Top Star Caught on Late-Night Date with Rising Actress.' Yes, that's perfect!"
Feeling confident, he was about to get out of his car when someone tapped on his window.
Chance froze instantly. Paparazzi always worked stealthily. He'd have to pack up and leave if he was caught by the crew.
He stayed still as he tried to pretend that he wasn't there, but the shadow outside the window was persistent. Helpless, he rolled down the window, relieved to see an unfamiliar face. "What do you want?"
The man outside spread his hands and said calmly, "Hand over the camera. Otherwise, you're not going anywhere."
The speaker was Crow. Behind him stood Dalton, his refined features and dignified demeanor making him look like he had stepped out of a painting. His presence was so striking that Chance froze for a moment, mistaking him for a new actor.
Smiling, Chance pulled out a cigarette from his pocket and addressed Crow. "Buddy, you must be his assistant, right? You guys look like newcomers. Why not talk it over with him? I'm here for Tobias. Once he's trending, I'll even toss your guy into the buzz. Newcomers could use some heat, right?"
Crow opened his mouth to speak, but Chance suddenly raised his voice to address Dalton." Hey, man, you need to have some connections in the media if you want to get famous! Come, have a smoke. We're all friends here!"
Chance was skilled at manipulation. Those words might tempt some people. Unfortunately for him, he was dealing with Dalton.
Dalton glanced at him briefly, his long legs and tailored black trench coat lending him the air of an indomitable pine tree on a winter night. Against the descending snow, his presence was strikingly regal.
Chance couldn't help but murmur, "I'll make you a star, I swear."
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1760

Chapter 1760 How Could It Be You
Seeing this, Tobias didn't sit down immediately. Instead, he glanced downward, frowning slightly. Being the Quinnell family's scion, he was direct in his approach. "I think I'll contact the director first."
Hearing this, Luna's expression turned slightly aggrieved. "Mr. Quinnell, what are you so worried about?"
"I'm not worried. This is just a professional decorum as an actor," Tobias replied with a smile.
His grin carried a mix of arrogance and charm, perfectly embodying the persona he was known for on-stage-rebellious and untamed.
"If we get secretly photographed, my fans would have to rush to clear up rumors. What a waste of their energy, don't you think?"
Despite the casual tone, he made no move to sit.
With only the two of them in the private room, any such photo would be difficult to explain. Tobias wasn't new to the entertainment industry and knew better than to take risks in situations like this.
Instead, he pulled out his phone. "I'd better check with the others about what's going on," he said and turned to leave.
Seated in her chair, it was as though Luna was struggling to move around. She merely clenched the fist resting by her side.
At that moment, Rickey arrived. Walking in behind Tobias, his voice was warm and friendly. "Tobias, why are you standing? Come and have a seat."
Several others entered the room with Rickey, including a few actors, the producer, and even Jocelyn.
Only when he saw more people enter did Tobias put away his phone, his suspicions easing slightly. With a smile, he said, "I was waiting for everyone to arrive."
"Take a seat," Rickey said, clearly intent on seating him next to Luna. He even gestured to a spot near her.
Though Tobias raised an eyebrow at this, he didn't argue. Nevertheless, he chose his own seat, deliberately placing himself far from Luna.
Fortunately, Rickey didn't insist, but for some reason, his movements seemed unusually slow, as if something were physically restraining him.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1761

Chapter 1761 She Wants Dalton
It was said that wooden dolls from Foplya possessed supernatural abilities to form formations that defied the natural order.
Making a wish to one signified the completion of a ritual. However, it required something in return. Failing to provide this offering would result in a soul being trapped within the doll.
Another rumor claimed that obtaining such a doll could help one reach the pinnacle of success. However, the rapid ascent would always come at a price-an inevitable fall from grace.
Most people, blinded by their desires, would not be able to resist its allure and hence, remain trapped forever.
Take Luna, for example. On the surface, she appeared to be a sweet and innocent starlet. In truth, she would stop at nothing to achieve fame.
After finding the wooden doll, Luna's life changed. People she envied began to experience inexplicable misfortune. Roles that once belonged to others fell effortlessly into her lap.
The taste of success fueled her greed, and she continued to make wishes to the doll until her soul was completely hollowed out.
As the wooden doll left her body, Luna's appearance changed drastically. In an instant, she seemed to age more than ten years, collapsing helplessly onto the floor.
The others in the room fared no better. Each person appeared as though they had fought a war, with dark shadows etched heavily beneath their eyes.
They couldn't remember exactly what had happened, but the last moments before losing consciousness remained vivid-terrifyingly so. Everyone turned to Luna, their gazes filled with disbelief and fear.
Jocelyn trembled as she glanced at Rickey, who finally seemed to return to normal, his movements no longer stiff or unnatural.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1762

Chapter 1762 Regaining Memories
Such an extraordinary phenomenon was already rare enough. Combined with Gayle's upright character and the weight of his words, everyone's gaze naturally turned toward Eric. Compared to earlier, when he seemed eloquent and charming, no one believed a word he said now!
It was common knowledge that the reason the Chamber of Commerce in Colifernia managed to establish itself during the reform was due to Gayle's influence.
Back then, Gayle was already advanced in years, which was why he intentionally sought to train successors. Eric had been nothing more than a lowly errand boy at the time. Without Gayle's support, he wouldn't have amounted to anything.
Now, with Gayle's soul pointing fingers at Eric while condemning him, the truth was self- evident.
"This is my fault I failed to recognize the kind of person you were. I wasn't able to
safeguard the chamber that Mr. Quinnell Senior entrusted me with. Worse, I allowed it to fall into ruin."
His words were heavy with regret.
"I've stood by all this time, watching you and the Malone family use the chamber to launder money, oppress small entrepreneurs, and harm our own people-all because they wouldn't bow to you or give you benefits."
Gayle's energy surged with resentment as he looked at Eric. "I hate my own helplessness. But what I hate even more is showing you pity back then! I even gave you food to eat! Eric, you are utterly unworthy of staying in the Chamber of Commerce!"
Eric clenched his fists. What he hated most was being reminded of his humble beginnings. He couldn't fathom how Gayle's soul had lingered at the chamber's old site all this time. He had checked everything beforehand. Even the other cultivators had ensured that there were no issues. But now, at the most critical moment, Gayle's soul had appeared to ruin his plans. If he'd known Gayle's soul had remained here, he would've destroyed it long ago!
Gayle knew what Eric was thinking with just a mere glance. "Are you wondering why none of those cultivators you brought could find me?
"You underestimate me. I may not have protected our chamber while I was alive, but in death, I've guarded its last shred of fortune.
"Eric, all you want is the merits and blessings accumulated by Mr. Quinnell Senior and the chamber over the years. You'll never get them! They belong only to the Quinnell family's descendants!"
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1763

Chapter 1763 The Heaven-Sent Leader
As Wynter pondered the memories that had surfaced, Kaspar stood quietly behind her. He was concerned about Wynter. Not only was she carrying resentful energy, but she was also too close to malevolent spirits.
Thankfully, Whitley had recognized her as his master. Otherwise, it would have been far too easy for her to stray down a dark path.
Still, Kaspar couldn't help but offer a word of caution. "Wynter, the way you've been breaking formations and collecting spirits isn't good for you. You should tread more carefully. Those three spirits at your side are already more than enough."
Wynter dismissed his concern. "It's fine. I can afford to take care of them."
Kaspar sighed heavily. "It's not about whether you can afford it or not. That resentful infant under your command is already a handful. You have to suppress his resentment constantly. If he successfully reincarnates, he's destined to become a Spirit King."
He lowered his voice as he continued, "Frankly, no one could have imagined he'd listen to anyone. According to the records, the only being he feared was the Mother of All Spirits. "Earlier, after Azrael left, he even asked me whether we should be wary of that infant. That alone speaks volumes about how dangerous he is."
Indeed, no one would associate Leo with Wynter. Most cultivators would assume that her demonic manifestation was merely a summoning of local malevolent entities that already existed in the area.
They were all terrified when Leo appeared, especially after seeing how he dealt with Cornelius.
The records had made it clear. Resentful infants had a child's temperament. If you didn't provoke or get entangled with one karmically, they generally wouldn't bother you. But if one decided to "play a game" with you, that game usually ended in death.
That was why no one dared to anger Leo. After all, aside from the grandmasters, few had the skills to handle him.
Logically, they couldn't fathom the idea of Leo obeying a solo cultivator like Wynter. After all, they hadn't seen her perform any genuine spells.
Even the simplest soul-summoning earlier was something she had asked Kaspar to perform. Plus, the manifestation of malevolent spirits was attributed to her unusual horoscope. That was how most cultivators rationalized the situation.
Azrael initially had his doubts. But after observing her closely, he concluded that she didn't possess a true cultivator's energy.
Only Kaspar had identified the anomaly, which was why he approached Wynter privately to discuss the matter. His greatest fear was the potential backlash from the spirits she had aligned herself with.
Wynter understood his concerns and chuckled lightly. "Let's see how things go in the future. If I come across a good family, I'll have them reincarnate."
"I don't want to reincarnate," Leo muttered softly from the purple sugilite pendant. "I like things the way they are. I don't come out often, so I don't drain your energy.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1764

Chapter 1764
The old man narrowed his eyes at those words. Having known the wooden doll, Gabby, for years, he was well aware of her strength and where her power worked best.
The Foplyans had gone to great lengths to resurrect their goddess. Logically speaking, eliminating Tobias wouldn't be difficult-unless someone was actively protecting him. However, their setup today was designed to have Eric bring the mediums together in the chamber and exploit Tobias as a weak link to crack open the Quinnell family's defenses. In other words, no powerful medium should have been guarding Tobias. Just who on earth had derailed their scheme?
The old man's gaze darkened. Without the fortune from the chamber, he would have to explore other means to rebuild an immortal body.
"Try to get Kaspar away from that Quinnell girl," the old man instructed. "Is there any news about Logan?"
The cloaked figure shook his head. "I've spoken to some lingering spirits, but none has seen him."
"He's rather good at hiding. Use this to find him." With a wave of his hand, the old man dropped something in the cloaked figure's pocket.
The cloaked figure nodded respectfully. "Understood. However, you won't be able to stay longer in that body. Perhaps, we should find a new one."
The old man gave a sinister chuckle. "There's no need for that. That body's the safest bet, but this one... Now that Eric has been captured, there's no need for this body. Pull some strings and stop those investigations."
"Understood." The cloaked figure immediately heeded his command.
As the night grew darker, nobody knew what changes would occur next.
After Eric's arrest, he had contacted no one. Many had benefited from his schemes, so he knew they wouldn't let him take the fall alone. His influence stretched deep, and the chamber itself depended on him.
As for Wynter, he knew she would quickly learn that not everyone was qualified to become the chamber of commerce's president. She couldn't change people's habits no matter how hard she tried.
It didn't take long for Wynter to face the deeply ingrained patriarchy Eric had spoken of. The misogyny amongst the chamber members ran deep. One particular clan leader refused to recognize her as the president, dismissing her as unqualified to lead.
Wynter's response was swift and decisive. She ousted him from the chamber and severed all resources to his family.
Misogyny and prejudice were common practices in cultures where familial influence dictated power.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1765

Chapter 1765
Romance scams originated from foreign countries. The scammers used advanced computer technology to create fake online personas to target unsuspecting individuals. They would first gain the victim's emotional trust and then swindle them out of their money or
valuables.
But looking at Stacey's profile, she didn't seem like someone who would fall for a scam so easily.
Meanwhile, news of her death had already gone viral. "Mysterious Death of a Female Student in Monway University's Dormitory!" was trending on social media.
Reporters wasted no time. A sensational headline was guaranteed to grab attention, and the suddenness of the incident only added to its allure. Whoever broke the story first would dominate the traffic.
At the same time, on the second floor of a house, Wynter stood in a study. The medical examiner had arrived, and the scene had been meticulously secured.
The victim's identity was no small matter. This case had to be reported to higher authorities, especially since there was no hiding the stacks of cash littered across the room. Wynter pushed against the glass window slightly, her thoughts racing. The windows were locked from the inside, and there were no hidden passages or delayed mechanisms.
The medical examiner approached with the findings. "It's a suicide."
The death was, without question, self-inflicted-though the manner was undeniably strange.
Wynter's gaze swept over the room as she tapped her gloved finger against her phone screen. "I'll take over this case. Report it as a special circumstances investigation."
"A special circumstances investigation?"
The medical examiner's expression shifted slightly at the term. She had heard of such cases before, but this was her first time encountering one herself.
Could there be something supernatural involved? As someone who was materialistic, she believed everything had a scientific explanation.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1766

Chapter 1766 The Heavenly Law's Unraveling
Several individuals sat around a circular table, each cloaked in black robes and wearing
masks depicting various animals. The scene was eerily surreal, as if they were participating in some kind of ritual.
In the center of the table burned an oil lamp. Faintly, the sound of a solemn prayer
intertwined with the elegant notes of a piano melody.
Their purpose in attending this gathering was to seek the aid of the person at the head of the table, someone who could provide solutions to their personal crises-be it financial ruin, broken families, or other struggles.
All eyes were drawn to the figure seated in the main chair, but their gazes were hollow, devoid of hope.
The person at the head of the table, Royston Pade, finally turned to face them. "You should've seen the headlines by now. A girl died in the dormitory at Monway University.
"The gods' will is never wrong. She carried her sins, and it led her to a life of misery that ended in death. And you? You're still here, clinging to lives of quiet desperation."
The words cut through the room like a blade, and the attendees hung their heads low. "There's a saying claiming that everyone is equal. But do you truly believe that? While you toil endlessly, some people revel in luxury without doing anything. They use the money you earn to pay your wages, and still, you bow and scrape. Is that equality?
"It's not. You're just too afraid to escape the lives you've built. You've become slaves to existence itself.
"The money you make every month isn't even enough for a single meal or a bottle of wine. What's the point of living like this? Starving, freezing, and enduring so much pain just to keep going."
Royston's words were deeply persuasive. Though he wore a mask, his elegance was undeniable.
He stopped beside the figure wearing a sheep mask and continued, "Sheep is a married woman. Before she got married, she was cheerful and happy every day.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1767

Chapter 1767 Reincarnating with Past Memories
"He looks pretty good," Wynter said, her gaze already giving her thoughts away.
Crow, hearing the praise, wished he had never taken on human form in the first place. He cautiously glanced at Dalton. As expected, despite his smile, there wasn't a trace of warmth in it.
"Oh?" Dalton's gaze fell on Crow. "What's good about him?"
He believed that Wynter's taste still required improvements.
Wynter moved a little closer to him. "He brings good fortune. You should conserve your purple energy and draw on his instead."
This answer made Dalton's fingers pause for a moment. His gaze softened briefly, and then he asked, "Are you worried about me?"
"Of course. You're someone I've painstakingly taken care of," she replied.
Wynter had practiced medicine for years but had never cared for anyone as much as she did for him. She didn't even blink at the cost of the rare herbs she used on him.
It went against her usual money-making principles. But then she glanced at his face again and decided it was worth it.
Dalton noticed her bright, unabashed gaze fixed on him. He was all too familiar with that look-it was the same one she had when she first dragged him up the mountain.
After all these years, Dalton still felt that this gaze should only be reserved for him. When she looked at others, it stirred something dark within him-violent, possessive, and even a desire to lock her away.
He gulped slightly as he shifted his gaze from her collarbone. His voice was low as he said, " Then don't go provoking anyone else. You won't need anyone else's fortune with me here."
Wynter wondered why he sounded so much like a flirt. Meanwhile, Dalton raised an eyebrow as if asking her why she wasn't leaving yet.
Soon, Wynter noticed that everyone around them was staring in their direction. More precisely, they were staring at Dalton.
Well, that was a given. With his looks and presence, it was impossible not to attract attention, especially outside the girls' dormitory. People were already murmuring. After all, there weren't many who could pull off a black trench coat so handsomely.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1768

Chapter 1768 Entitlement
Wynter shook her head, doing her best to regain her composure. After all, they were on a university campus, and setting a bad example wouldn't do. Hence, she lightly pushed Dalton aside and strode forward.
She figured that it was perhaps time to consult a diviner or take a trip to the underworld and uncover the truth about her past life with him.
In her hazy memories, Dalton always seemed like the type of character straight out of a fantasy novel-a seemingly aloof yet deeply desire-driven demonic cultivator.
Mt. Dragon might be able to send her to the underworld for a quick visit-maybe to browse a spirit market and search for lost souls. She could even investigate the missing spirit of Stacey, who had allegedly committed suicide.
The morgue held no trace of her, nor did the dormitory or any other part of the campus. In fact, Monway University was disturbingly clean-unnaturally so. A place completely devoid of wandering spirits was far from normal.
Dalton observed her silently, his gaze flickering with complex emotions. He seemed torn between wanting her to remember and dreading the day she fully recovered her memories. Because when that day came, it might mark the end of their relationship.
Dalton smiled faintly, the sunlight shining on his face, highlighting his handsome features. However, his beauty was devoid of warmth, leaving passersby unsettled.
"Let's go check out the area outside the campus. I noticed some food stalls on the way here. Besides, I'm a bit hungry myself," Wynter said.
She grabbed Dalton's hand and led him toward the snack street just outside the campus. She claimed they were going for food, but in truth, she was gathering information for the case. They arrived at the street after walking a few miles past the campus gates. The street was bustling, filled with an array of snacks and delicacies.
"Hi, I would like a wrap! Extra veggies!" Wynter said to one of the stall owners, then turned to Dalton. "Dalton, pay up."
Dalton chuckled, pulling out his phone to complete the payment.
The stall owner handed over the wrap and commented, "You two are really good-looking. You don't look like students from around here, though."
Wynter took the wrap from the owner and smiled. "We're not students. A girl recently died in the dorms, and I'm her cousin. I came to take a look."
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1769

Chapter 1769 To Save or Not to Save
The atmosphere in Monway University's conference room seemed to have frozen for a moment.
The school administrators genuinely didn't want a suicide case in the university. Historically, such incidents were either covered up or, if exposed, handled in ways that ensured they wouldn't implicate internal programs like financial aid or sponsorships. Essentially, regardless of what happened, the university's image remained intact. Thus, when faced with investigations, their usual approach was to focus on minimizing public scrutiny, not on uncovering the underlying truth.
But now, Wynter's sudden self-introduction shattered their complacency. Jarred, who had been leisurely sipping tea from his thermos, abruptly froze, his hand halting mid-air.
The room was filled with seasoned professors and senior administrators, none of whom had ever paid much attention to financial aid distribution.
As Wynter pointed out, these leaders-many of whom had never experienced economic hardship-couldn't grasp the significance of financial aid to those who truly needed it.
The phrase "detached from the struggles of the common people" might as well have been stamped across their foreheads.
This included Kaysen, who, despite coming from a reasonably well-off family, had leveraged his "high emotional intelligence" to secure financial aid.
Wynter's approach was blunt-if some people were too coddled, then it was time to cut off their lifeline.
The administrators' expressions visibly changed. Among them, Jarred looked the most unsettled, his complexion turning pale. Most of them thought that Eric was still the Chamber of Commerce's chairman, and they all turned to Jarred for answers.
Being closely connected to the Chamber of Commerce, Jarred was more informed than most. He'd heard rumors that Eric had encountered some legal troubles, resulting in his removal from office.
However, the news had just broken, and with the recent campus suicide, he hadn't had time to verify it. But he did know one thing for certain-anyone capable of removing Eric and claiming the chairman role for themselves was not to be trifled with.
His inquiries into the matter had revealed that the new president was none other than the young head of the Quinnell family from Kingbourne. Moreover, the prominent business leaders within the chamber were now addressing Wynter with the utmost respect, addressing her as Ms. Quinnell.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1770

Chapter 1770 Saving Might Be the Wrong Move
As Tracy shook her head, trying to rid herself of the intrusive thoughts, a sudden gust of wind swept through the air. Though it was a crisp autumn day, she felt as if she had fallen into a freezing cavern.
Quickening her pace, she eventually broke into a jog, desperate to shake off the ominous feeling. Yet, no matter how fast she moved, the sensation of being watched clung to her like a shadow, making her heart pound and beads of sweat form on her forehead.
Before long, she finally reached a well-lit area where there was a security guard.
Just as she was about to breathe a sigh of relief, a hand tapped her on the shoulder. Tracy jumped and panicked. "Don't come for me! I had nothing to do with it!"
The man behind her frowned and replied, "Tracy, what's wrong?"
Hearing the familiar voice, Tracy exhaled deeply. "You scared me to death! I kept feeling like someone was following me."
The man, Malcolm Dwain, was old enough to be Tracy's father. He was clearly in his late 40s and had a noticeable belly.
But Tracy didn't seem to mind in the slightest. She even stood on her toes, wrapping her arms around his neck and pressing her lips to his. "I was so scared. Can't you spend more time with me these days?"
"I can't right now. You know the school is dealing with that huge incident. I have to be there to manage things," Malcolm said as he looked around to check if anyone was looking.
Tracy pouted. "Then you'd better help me with my thesis."
Malcolm's hand slid to her waist, his breath growing heavier. "Come to my office when you need help."
But Tracy couldn't shake her unease. "Stacey took that photo of us in your office. I—"
Before she could finish, Malcolm clamped a hand over her mouth. "Don't ever mention that to anyone!"
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1771

Chapter 1771 No One Can Escape the Ritual
The darkness enveloping the old man seemed to echo the displeasure in his heart. "I just want to know what went wrong with Tobias' accident. Who's the one who foiled my plan?" Junius couldn't help but shudder under the weight of the piercing question.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1772

Chapter 1772 Trust No One
"Here's the place. I've been pressing him for the rent, but he never pays them on time. I only rented the place to him because I felt bad for him.
"But Bowie's an honest guy, and I don't see any issues with him. He hardly raises his voice," commented the landlord, Travis Zielinski. He wore flip-flops and had a cigarette between his teeth.
The keys around his waist suggested that he was a relocated resident, though he seemed laidback while explaining to Dalton. He couldn't help but ask with a frown, "Does Bowie really owe you money?"
Dalton, rarely finding himself in such a filthy environment, had a pale expression since he stepped foot into the area, as though the foul stench gripped him. However, raised with manners, he remained every bit of a gentleman, offering no complaints but a soft hum in reply.
"You don't seem like the kind of person who's here to collect a debt," Travis muttered.
Wynter knew that Dalton had been disturbed by the squalid surroundings. She took out a mask and beckoned to him.
Confused, Dalton leaned in only for Wynter to slip the mask over his face. The unpleasant stench was now masked by her soft fragrance. He raised an eyebrow, his gaze fixed on her as he stood perfectly still.
After Wynter adjusted the mask on Dalton, she turned to Travis and continued, "Open the door, please."
Though Travis was stunned by the couple's interaction, he still took out the keys. The door unlocked with a soft click, confirming that no one was at home.
Inside, the space felt cramped and disorganized. An old laptop sat on the table with empty takeout boxes beside it, and dirty clothes were tossed randomly across the couch. The disarray living space seemed to mirror the tenant's habits.
Just as Travis was about to speak, he saw Wynter slip on a pair of disposable gloves.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1773

Chapter 1773 Be Careful
The question had nailed Bowie for his misdeeds. He gasped heavily in his seat, completely losing his composure. "I-I just heard about it..."
"I'm sure you wouldn't want me to inform your parents," Dalton refuted in a low,
oppressive tone.
Ironically, Bowie dreaded nothing more than letting his parents down. He confessed in a shaky voice, "It's true. I just heard about it and decided to check it out."
His voice carried a hint of excitement as he rambled on, "I didn't expect him to actually pull it off. He's really awesome! That bitch had it coming. She looked down on me, and yet, she took her own life because of some random guy online.
"She was so vain and avaricious. She thought she had hooked up with a rich guy and spent so much money on him, only to get dumped."
At that point, Bowie's eyes lit up with a gleam of thrill. "Oh, but I'm not involved in her death. I just knew about it beforehand, and I wasn't the only one."
"The suspect is mentally unstable." An officer attempted to step in and interfere, but Wynter stopped him.
She stated coolly, "People with twisted minds are typically unstable. Let him talk."
The officer, unaware of Dalton's other identity, couldn't help expressing his worries. "Will Mr. Yarwood be alright in there? And what did Bowie mean when he said he wasn't the only one who knew about Stacey's death beforehand?"
His question was soon answered by Dalton, who was seated inside the interrogation room. " The organization will issue a death notice while keeping the lambs under control. Am I right?
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1774

Chapter 1774 The Perfect Match
"You'd better. I still have things to take care of after dinner. Hurry up."
And with that, Malcolm left for the bedroom, leaving Janielle in the shadows.
Danger always came when one least expected it. Some scums simply didn't believe that evil would be met with retribution.
---
"Then, let us deliver justice ourselves. Tonight, you and I will bear witness."
Wynter instantly sensed something amiss when she saw the text.
She grabbed Bowie's wrist in one swift motion. "Is this the death notice you mentioned earlier?"
Bowie winced in pain, sweat beading on his forehead. "Y-Yes, that's the one."
He didn't dare lie anymore.
Wynter's fingers slid across her phone, continuing the login process. Normally, a site like this wouldn't allow access without a CAPTCHA, even for members. Wynter, however, cracked it with ease.
She didn't need to go to some internet café or cover her tracks. Instead, she directly opened the post's content and paid special attention to the ID.
"Tell me about this 'Sheep' member," Wynter said, her eyes locked on Bowie. "What's their personality like, generally speaking?"
Bowie grabbed his hair in frustration. "We've never met in person! You guys already guessed that, right? Everyone wears masks, and you can't even guess their height sometimes."
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1775

Chapter 1775 Dalton's Hesitation
Seeing the timing was right, Janielle leaned close to his ear. "Now go write a suicide note, saying you feel guilty toward this family and can only atone with death. Slit your wrist after writing it."
Malcolm walked to the desk after hearing her instructions. He took out paper and pen and began to write. Seeing this, Janielle took the phone from his pocket and sent a message to Tracy.
After completing these tasks, she glanced at her child's empty room. It was clear that
Janielle had planned ahead, ensuring that her child wouldn't be present during Malcolm's suicide.
She had naturally handed the child over to her mother-in-law, just like she did every day at this time.
Her mother-in-law was very displeased and made a call to rush her. "Come pick up this girl already. I have plans with friends tonight. You don't even have a job, yet you always dump her on me. If you were capable, you'd give the Dwain family a grandson.
"You're good for nothing. My son might as well find someone else outside."
The last two sentences were muttered softly by her mother-in-law.
Janielle had heard them many times and was used to them, but this time, her lowered eyes were filled with hatred.
She looked at Malcolm, who was now under her control, and spoke in her usual compliant tone. "I'll pick her up at 9:30 pm."
Her mother-in-law scoffed. "Have some self-control. You're always going out with those two friends of yours. Do you need me to remind you that neither of their families is worse off than yours?"
After saying that, she hung up the phone.
Janielle glanced at the clock. Her alibi had to be solid, hence the meeting with her friends. Only this time, she had chosen the location.
"Since you enjoy fooling around outside so much, you can all go to hell together," she muttered.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1776

Chapter 1776 Shrouded in Menacing Energy
Janielle's eyes were devoid of life. Her hand fell limply to her side when she saw Tracy safe and unharmed.
She remained in this state when she was brought back for investigation. She refused to speak or even defend herself-it was as if she had already died inside.
"You haven't eaten, have you?" Wynter brought in two boxed meals, one for herself and the other pushed toward Janielle. However, Janielle didn't move, her gaze blank.
Wynter spun the boxed meal around and placed the utensils in front of Janielle again. The meal looked appetizing, with meat, vegetables, and sweet shrimp.
Janielle's lips curled into a mocking smile. She had loved sweet shrimp before she got
married, but she never ate them again after being with Malcolm.
After all, every extra bite of food came at the cost of her dignity. Her mother-in-law would practically calculate her daily grocery expenses.
Janielle's eyes flickered toward Wynter, and there was still undiminished hatred. "I don't know how you found me, but I won't tell you anything unless Tracy dies."
"Making her die isn't hard." Wynter wiped her hands with a wet wipe and looked up. "But is she the only one you want dead? What about your mother-in-law? Shouldn't you hate her more?"
Janielle froze. "You-"
"You'll be sentenced to death too if they die. What about your daughter? What will happen to her?" Wynter's voice was calm. "A mother who's a murderer, and the victim being her own father what future will she have?"
Janielle trembled, and it was clear she was filled with unbearable pain. "She has no future now, either. It would be better if we all die. At least no one will force her to raise a half- brother when she grows up!"
Janielle took a deep breath. "The Dwain family is inherently patriarchal. You mentioned my mother-in-law..." She scoffed before continuing, "That is a grandmother who calls her granddaughter a 'money-losing burden.'
"Tracy is pregnant, and Malcolm is already planning to marry her. Yet, you ask if my daughter has a future. No one will hold a university professor accountable."
Janielle clenched her fists. "Even illegitimate children have inheritance rights. Even if Malcolm keeps this relationship hidden for his career's sake, my daughter will still be the one who suffers in the end."
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1777

Chapter 1777 Entanglements
"We won't be releasing Tracy. As for your husband, he will be suspended until further investigation," Wynter said to Joleen.
When Janielle heard this, her expression shifted slightly. This was completely different from what she had expected. She didn't expect anyone to care about her situation.
Then, Wynter turned around to address Janielle. "But you must also bear the corresponding responsibility since you've harbored the intent to kill. As for the consequences, we'll discuss them when I return."
She said all this without paying attention to the surveillance.
The investigators exchanged glances. After all, higher-ups were already pressing for answers.
Joleen had quieted down, but according to the procedure, a would-be murderer like Janielle should be dealt with immediately.
Tracy was causing a scene, and Malcolm, now regaining his senses, was trying to pull strings.
Meanwhile, Janielle's phone kept ringing her mother-in-law urging her to pick up the child.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1778

Chapter 1778 Stepping into the Game
Janielle was lost in thought, her head bowed. When she heard Wynter's words, a wave of bitterness washed over her. She had never had anyone to confide in, but Wynter seemed to genuinely care about her.
Wynter glanced back at Janielle, as if noticing something before casually remarking, "To love others, you must first love yourself. Others don't matter as much as you do."
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1779

Chapter 1779 Her Past
Wynter fell silent. According to the information she had, she still needed to make some preparations to completely dismantle the opposing side. Cybercrime, after all, was ultimately orchestrated by people.
Meanwhile, the Dwain family was in an uproar. This was especially true for Mathilda Evvie, Malcolm's mother. She was hysterical, refusing to believe that Malcolm was gone.
She stood at the doorway, shouting and shoving her granddaughter, Sherry Dwain. "It's all because of you, you worthless girl! Nothing good has happened to us ever since you came into this family!"
Sherry, who was merely five or six, was pushed to the ground, utterly bewildered. Her father was gone, and she wanted her mother. But her grandmother was angry and wouldn't feed her. Her mind was in a daze until a pair of hands caught her.
It was Wynter, disguised as Janielle. She had adopted Janielle's appearance and demeanor, appearing timid and avoiding eye contact.
Mathilda flew into a rage when she saw her. "How could you let this happen to Malcolm? How could he just kill himself? He would never do that! You must have driven him to it, you venomous woman!
"Why were you out gallivanting today when you should have been taking care of him?" Mathilda lunged forward, ready to grab Wynter by the hair.
The investigators quickly intervened, holding her back. "Please calm down. The test results are in, and it was indeed a suicide."
The commotion in the apartment building drew a crowd, and naturally, someone recorded it. Normally, such footage would be sealed and not allowed to spread. But this time, due to lax oversight, the video leaked.
The title was particularly eye-catching, tying it directly to the trending topic of Malcolm's suicide. "Mother-In-Law Confronts Daughter-In-Law" was a headline that would draw anyone in. The discussion grew heated, and the topic's popularity soared.
Janielle's face was clearly captured in the footage, which pleased Royston. The more vitriol in the comments, the better it would serve the Sacrificial Human Formation that the old cultivator had ordered.
"Who would have thought that a woman who only knew how to shop and cook would kill her own husband?" Royston chuckled, his eyes glinting like a sinister creature lurking in the shadows.
But sometimes, who could tell whether a person or a ghost was truly the worst of the two? Was it Mathilda, who blamed Janielle at every turn and treated Sherry as less than human? Or was it Malcolm who cheated on Janielle and schemed to leave her and Sherry with nothing?
Wynter lowered her gaze, hiding the mockery in her expression.
Mathilda continued to berate Wynter, as if it were her only outlet for grief. She couldn't accept that her "perfect" son had just taken his own life without warning.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1780

Chapter 1780 Her Past Life
Wynter had no idea how she ended up in the formation, let alone in someone else's body. Under normal circumstances, such a thing wouldn't happen without some kind of warning. Could Royston's incantations be the reason?
For once, Wynter found herself completely at a loss. Yet, the chatter around her continued.
"She's not our concern anyway. Leave her be, Jaylene."
Jaylene Heidi couldn't help glancing back at Wynter. She radiated an ethereal beauty. Her long hair was held in place by an emerald hairpin, and her eyes gleamed brightly. "But we used to be in the same sect."
"That was in the past. You're just wasting your spiritual power if you remain on that poor mountain. Don't let your golden encounter slip away!" one refuted. He seemed to be the most authoritative among the teenagers.
The young man, with a strong physique and handsome features, gripped a sword in hand. He glanced at Wynter with feigned sophistication. "Unlike a certain someone, Jaylene won't take advantage of her family background and claim whatever pretty face catches her eye." A teenager beside him nodded in agreement. "Carlton's right. Besides, Mt. Lunther is far more prestigious than that shabby sect. The sage even foresaw no one from Mt. Nyxvarn would achieve the Sacred Path in the next 100 years."
Wynter couldn't help but smirk at their words. They sounded like the typical villains from a piece of web fiction. And since they were so insignificant, she couldn't bother to remember their names.
That said, she had heard plenty of rumors about the body she was currently inhabiting. But given the current situation, she couldn't connect any of it to the Sacrificial Human Formation.
Wynter was genuinely confused. When she entered formations, her usual task was to help resolve the lingering regrets of the trapped souls that could create a formation.
Typically, the souls were either weighed down by deep resentment or lingering regrets. However, Wynter found nothing unusual. Everything that unfolded around her seemed so real, nothing like a formation's illusion.
"Forget it. She can come along if she wants. The boy toys she kept around aren't worthy of joining the field training, anyway. They won't dirty our eyes. I think she still has feelings for you, Carlton," someone teased.
Wynter rolled her eyes at their gossip, wondering if they were taking the field training
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1781

Chapter 1781 A Proposal at First Sight
The cultivators' words left everyone shaken. No one was ready to face another demon beyond their power. Those with weaker spiritual skills couldn't help but shudder as they gazed toward the distant eastern area.
The first thing they noticed was the statue, surrounded by skulls and various offerings. No human could ever belong in such an eerie place, yet in the dense mist, a lone figure sat,
bound behind the statue.
Draped in a red robe, his long hair danced with the wind, and his form was barely discernible against the chilling mist. Even so, his ankles and wrists were unmistakably shackled in chains.
The young man dropped his hands as the sharp clinking of metal echoed in the air. He appeared unbothered by his restraint, shifting his gaze sideways, as though fixated on something.
Though Wynter struggled to make out his features through the thick mist, she caught sight of his smooth, slender hands with defined knuckles.
There was an undeniable elegance to those hands, as though they had once gently caressed the celestial palace's mythical birds or the finest flowers in the city. Yet, his fingers slicked with blood, as though he had suffered a deep wound.
At that moment, the young man finally noticed the others' presence. When he lifted his gaze, the crowd took a sharp breath.
He was stunningly gorgeous. His skin was as white as snow, contrasting with his dark hair. His nose was sharp and pointed, and the corners of his eyes were tinged with a dark, ink- like hue.
He carried himself with an elegant, indifferent air. The blood smeared on his face only added to his allure, lending him an almost divine presence.
The crowd suddenly felt a chill running down their spines. That place served as a training ground for the cultivators, and no mere ordinary mortal could be bound there. Rather, it was more likely a prison for demons and monsters alike.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1782

Chapter 1782 Be My Boy Toy
"Offer yourself to me." As Wynter spoke, she even reached out to grab Dalton's collar, pulling him close to her face.
Dalton, originally tall, now had no choice but to lower his head and gaze down at her. His eyes widened comically for a moment. "You..."
The commotion naturally caught the other disciples' attention, especially Jaylene Heidi, who frowned and said, "Wynter, just because the demon has possessed another disciple doesn't mean the one who was tied up is innocent. What exactly are you trying to do by getting so close to him?"
Jaylene had always looked down on the cultivators from that desolate mountain range. Not only were they all idle and unambitious, but they also constantly embarrassed themselves. Carlton was also wary. The villagers had said that tying Dalton up was for offering purposes, and that was indeed a possibility. But he hadn't forgotten Dalton's demeanor earlier. He was so indifferent, not at all like someone who had been captured.
He had also tried to discern Dalton's true form earlier. No matter how well he disguised himself as human, there would always be some details that would give him away if he were truly a spirit or a demon. Or, under the pressure of his sword energy, some true nature would be revealed.
But Dalton showed no reaction at all. There was still nothing unusual about him, even with the famous sword hanging over him. It was impossible for him to remain completely undetected unless he was a supreme being.
So, he should just be an ordinary villager. But his appearance was anything but ordinary. "Since the anomaly in the formation snow related to Mt. Lunther, these villagers should naturally be taken care of and questioned by us," Carlton said, glancing at Wynter. "Others should not interfere recklessly, or even their ancestors' mentors may not be able to bear the consequences."
This was clearly a warning to Wynter.
But Wynter smiled faintly, her voice light and calm. "If the anomaly is related to Mt. Lunther, what good will it do for you to interrogate them yourselves? Don't act so self- righteous when all you want is to put on a show."
"What did you say?" Carlton was furious. His sword flew toward Wynter, stopping right at her throat.
But something inexplicable happened at that moment. The famous sword trembled twice, then shattered into pieces.
This was Carlton's sword, a testament to his genius. He was considered a prodigy because he had managed to draw this sword from the Sword Mausoleum. Yet, it had shattered so easily.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1783

Chapter 1783 A Heart Stirred in a Single Moment
When the words "boy toy" came out of Wynter's mouth, never mind the disciples on the training mission, but even the sages showed subtle changes in their expressions.
Those who knew Wynter never expected her to be so brazenly unrestrained, even in front of the sages. Some people were already covering their mouths in shock, grateful that Mt. Nyxvarn didn't take in many disciples each year. Otherwise, this would truly be a misfortune for the sect.
The old cultivator, Zeke Wystan, cleared his throat before waving his wide sleeve as he shook his head. "Your sage has become increasingly negligent. His own foundation is mediocre. That might be why he keeps taking in those who don't understand the Arcane Way.
"Truly, the world is in decline. A boy toy? What nonsense. Don't speak like that again. Mt. Nyxvarn was once a sacred mountain, after all."
But everyone present knew how long ago that was. It had been in decline for over three thousand years. If it weren't for their ancestors' legacy, it would have been swallowed by other sects long ago.
Ailithir Glaisne was indeed peculiar. His Arcane Way techniques were average, but he excelled at cultivating medicinal herbs. However, no matter how skilled he was, his foundation limited him from achieving the Primordial Arcane.
This world was cruel like that-no amount of effort would make you more than a drop in the ocean without talent or a prestigious background.
Yet, Allithir always seemned cheerful. What he couldn't achieve for himself, he tried to provide for his disciples. As Zeke said, he kept picking up orphans from war-torn lands and bringing them back to Mt. Nyxvarn. He never tested their foundations, only saying they were fated.
From this perspective, Wynter, being Velmoria's princess, was the most prestigious disciple he had ever taken in. After all, Velmoria was currently thriving, and whatever she did seemed to align with the Heavens' will. The royal family's fate was something even cultivators couldn't interfere with.
Wynter didn't care about these gazes or comments. But, for some reason, she felt a hint of restraint when Zeke mentioned Ailithir.
"It seems you still care about your sect." Dariel descended from the clouds, his voice cold." Since you have the ability to shatter a famous sword, you surely won't fear the Celestial Summit in three days."
The topic shifted, just like that.
Wynter shielded Dalton behind her again when several people who had descended glanced in their direction. However, none of them said anything.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1784

Chapter 1784 Is She Truly Possessing Someone
Hearing this, Wynter led Dalton toward Ailithir.
By this point, dozens of figures had already gathered in the center of the hall. From a distance, men and women in flowing robes and long skirts stood on either side, discussing the recent events in the Wretched Ground.
The number of female cultivators here was no less than that of men. Most of them were strikingly beautiful, with graceful figures that defied age.
One thing was certain. Whether they were ethereal, gentle, or lively, all of them aspired to ascend to the Sacred Path-except for those from Mt. Nyxvarn.
They stood out like a crane among chickens, not a single sword in hand. Instead, they held either a scroll or a compass, standing silently and expressionlessly on either side of the elderly cultivators.
As Wynter approached, she suddenly froze. It was because of those two young cultivators' faces...
Elliot? Tobias? How could they look so similar?
Wynter's heart skipped a beat. For a moment, she couldn't tell whether she was inside the formation or not.
The resemblance was uncanny-not just in their faces and builds, but even in the way they looked at her.
Wynter's feet stayed rooted to the ground as she frantically pieced together details in her mind. She was considering a possibility, but she still needed to verify it. This was a Human Sacrificial Formation...
Dalton glanced sideways, his brow slightly raised. He wondered if she knew those people.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1785

Chapter 1785 The Rivalry Between Boy Toys
The competition between the peaks had grown fierce in recent years. Each mountain sect's elders were all vying to accumulate more golden encounters and resources for their own factions.
They had indeed considered simply taking over Mt. Nyxvarn, but they couldn't force the issue as long as their lineage still held on.
The best solution was to wait for Ailithir to pass away sooner rather than later. Then, they could offer a gesture of goodwill and take care of this lineage-or what was left of it.
Compared to other sects with hundreds or even thousands of disciples, Mt. Nyxvarn had only 24 disciples-excluding Wynter's boy toys.
There used to be 25, but Jaylene, who had the strongest spiritual roots, had betrayed the sect when a better one offered to take her in. She even stole a secret manual before leaving.
It was as if she had completely forgotten that she would have been long lost to humiliation if it weren't for Ailithir buying her freedom from the brothel. She would never have become the person everyone now praised as someone who walked the path of the Primordial Arcane. Hence, while some people might appear righteous on the surface, their hearts were often rotten to the core.
Mt. Nyxvarn's disciples had once asked Ailithir why he didn't demand the manual back. But he had simply smiled and shaken his head.
"I had my own selfish motives when I brought her back. I thought a disciple with strong spiritual roots could help Mt. Nyxvarn survive. But now, I see it was my own mistake, and I must bear the consequences."
Everyone in Mt. Nyxvarn knew this, but Ailithir had never told his disciples about his impending demise.
Ailithir worried about where they would go if Mt. Nyxvarn fell. He was not one to go against the natural order in his life, but he wanted to at least try by bringing someone he shouldn't have to the mountain. In the end, it proved that Jaylene was better suited for Mt. Lunther.
As for how to preserve Mt. Nyxvarn, he had already made preparations.
With a wave of his sleeve, a large, translucent formation appeared in the corner at the west, resembling an inverted glass bowl. It enveloped dozens of emerald peaks, the shortest of which was Mt. Nyxvarn's Trinity Peaks.
Unlike the other mountain sects' ethereal beauty, this peak felt more humble, even somewhat shabby. There were plenty of groves and lakes. The water was crystal-clear, teeming with fish. Beyond the lake was what looked like a thriving medicinal herb garden. After seeing the other peaks' grand halls, Wynter could only describe Mt. Nyxvarn with one word-poor.
She glanced at her seniors. True, Elliot and Tobias weren't exactly business-savvy, but she hadn't expected things to be this bad. If she really was the Princess of Velmoria, shouldn't she have more money than this?
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1786

Chapter 1786 Remembering the Past
The Human Sacrificial Formation was dreaded the most among cultivators, and even grand masters wouldn't take it lightly. Once inside the formation, it would shift according to the owner's will, and the only way to escape was to break it from within.
Such an ancient formation was virtually unknown to anyone except for those from Mt. Dragon, Mt. Lunther, and Mt. Verfait-those who, like Atwater, were nearing the end of their lives.
The reason the Human Sacrificial Formation was so feared was that no one could leave once it was activated. Hence, all major sects had forbidden its reappearance.
Who, then, wanted to use Wynter to refine their golden encounter? Atwater couldn't figure it out.
His usually calm face now showed a trace of pallor. Originally, he shouldn't have returned to her side so soon. After all, his presence could easily disrupt the natural order of cause and effect before she regained her memories.
Though he called her his disciple, it was she who had saved him back in the mountains. Cultivators lived long lives, especially Atwater. He carried his seniors' and sages' regrets, as well as the fortune of their lineage that had been passed down to him. That was why the cycle of reincarnation seemed to have forgotten him.
Compared to his peers, he aged slower and lived longer. After liberation, he returned to the mountains and changed his name to Atwater. But he never forgot his mission to find someone in the Quinnell family.
He followed Wynter's previous instructions and took her as his disciple, but she had long forgotten everything. This was Atwater's greatest concern.
If it were the old her, the Human Sacrificial Formation would have been no different from any ordinary formation. But now, with her original soul destroyed, she could easily become trapped in the formation, never to return.
The Human Sacrificial Formation's most insidious aspect was its ability to blur the line between reality and illusion.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1787

Chapter 1787 The Two of Them
Dalton was taken aback and asked, "What's wrong?"
He sounded as though he hadn't had much rest, his deep, mellow voice carrying a touch of lingering allure. Apparently, he had been looking after her.
Wynter could smell the faint scent of medicine from her bed. Her grip remained tight on Dalton's wrist, leaving a red mark on his skin. A dazed look lingered in her dark eyes, as if she had yet to return to reality.
Dalton lowered his gaze as he asked patiently, "Did you have a nightmare?"
Only then did Wynter seem to regain her senses. She shook her head and questioned, " Where's Mr. Glaisne?"
"He's still in the apothecary. You gave him quite the scare when you fainted," Dalton replied, seemingly ready to answer all of her questions.
Wynter stared at Dalton's pallid face. His wrist, just as colorless, made the red mark on his skin stand out glaringly. She couldn't help but wonder how hard she had gripped him.
Her thoughts shifted to the dream she had earlier. The conversation she had overheard implied that Mt. Nyxvarn no longer existed. Its members were either fallen, dead, or scattered -none with a better fate. As for Wynter herself, she had been protected by Ailithir and started anew on Mt. Lunther.
However, it turned out that Mt. Lunther had never intended to take her in. They scorned her for her close connection with the mystic spirits and blamed her for Ailithir's fall in Primordial Arcane.
The dream gnawed on her. The conversation was likely between members from various sects, but the black mud remained a mystery. The voice in her dream had claimed that everything could change only if the heavenly law was destroyed.
Though Wynter remained skeptical, she couldn't deny that the dream had been strange. She wasn't sure if she had truly fainted upon hearing Dalton's name. The odds of meeting someone with the same name within the formation were just too unlikely.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1788

Chapter 1788 Call Me Your Highness
Dalton was rarely scrutinized so openly, and even more rarely had someone made such accurate guesses about him. After all, even the sect's ancestors couldn't predict what he intended to do.
Under Wynter's gaze, Dalton let out a low chuckle, neither confirming nor denying her suspicions. Instead, he insisted on only one thing. "Indeed, I am just a mortal without spells.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1789

Chapter 1789 Destroyed
Dalton had never experienced being pinned down and taken advantage of. This was the first time he had been in such close contact with someone. After all, no one had ever dared to do anything to him. This was undeniably a novel experience.
When Wynter pressed closer, Dalton discovered just how soft a woman's body could be. Like silk, Wynter was almost too tempting to let go.
But she was too cold. Dalton could tell with just a touch that it was due to her unstable spiritual form. However, this puzzled him. Why was Wynter's spiritual form unstable in the first place?
Ever since he had emerged from the refining flames, certain things about him had vanished - he could no longer trace retribution, but he could still see through spiritual
manifestations.
Wynter was entangled in personal burdens she had gotten from somewhere. Usually, cultivators avoided personal burdens at all costs, as they led to an ill-fated end. Yet, she didn't seem like the type to court disaster.
As Dalton lowered his gaze, his long lashes fluttered slightly. He simply let her steal warmth from his neck.
His fingers curled around Wynter's. "You shouldn't be so reckless, miss. I am a man, after all."
His tone was so calm and indifferent. It didn't sound like he intended to do anything-or even wanted to. His expression was utterly impassive, his refined features as pristine and distant as a snow sculpture in winter.
"How can someone have such pale and smooth skin?" Wynter murmured against his skin, her fingers restlessly exploring. After all, Dalton was weaker than her. His fair, delicate complexion made him look like he was perfect for bullying.
Almost effortlessly, Wynter slipped free from his grasp and pinched his cheek. "Tell me that again when you've grown up a little. Don't worry, I won't do anything. I just want to stick close to you."
Dalton showed no reaction. Even after being teased to this extent, he merely turned his face slightly away.
Wynter's words sounded an awful lot like, "I won't put it in. Just let me rub against you a little."
Either way, her movements were growing increasingly brazen. Her fingertips trailed across him without a hint of ulterior motive she really was just trying to warm up.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1790

Chapter 1790 Wynter Still Chose to Save
The sudden situation forced the old man to halt his devouring of the heavenly luck.
The sacred statues within the formation were indestructible by ordinary people. Faced with such statues, most would bow in reverence unless someone had seen through their secrets.
The Sacrificial Human Formation was his creation, and its most recent use was during the roundtable meeting.
He closed his eyes to meditate, and a wisp of his divine soul seeped into the sacred statue. He saw a scene when he entered the formation. Wynter had severed the divine shackles and taken away the sacrificial offerings tied to them. Yet, his spiritual sense couldn't pinpoint her exact location.
This was too suspicious. How did it come to this?
He was the one who had set up the Sacrificial Human Formation, yet his spiritual sense couldn't attack within the formation, as if it had been repelled by someone. This wasn't normal!
The old man opened his eyes, his gaze dark and his fists clenched tightly.
Originally, there would be no way out for Wynter as long as she chose to save those people. Once the Sacrificial Human Formation was activated, no one within it could leave alive, not even a grand master.
That was why he had set up this formation to ensure that Wynter, who always thwarted his plans, would perish within it, allowing him to seize her heavenly luck.
The moment Wynter entered, she was supposed to die in the Wretched Ground. It should have been her doom once she touched the sacred statue!
"She's truly hard to kill." The old man sneered, his gaze lowering.
The sacred statue was still surrounded by an endless flow of energy. This meant that Wynter had only destroyed one statue and hadn't disrupted the Sacrificial Human Formation's overall layout. After all, this was a formation left behind by heaven's will.
He hadn't wanted to deploy such a formation unless absolutely necessary. After all, it also risked exposing his true identity. If it weren't for Wynter constantly opposing him, he wouldn't have revealed this grand formation so soon.
But there were its benefits, too. Once the formation was complete, not only would Wynter's heavenly luck fall into his hands, but the country's fortune would also protect him. By then, he would surely ascend to the Sacred Path.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1791

Chapter 1791 Emotions
Wearing a robe to save people wasn't practical, especially since Wynter was still running a fever. She took her own pulse and determined that it was a light fever before heading to the medicine room to treat herself first.
Dalton, ever the caretaker, held a folding parasol in one hand and a white fur cloak in the other, ready for her.
Wynter, as a person from a different era, had found many things inconvenient since arriving in this formation. But one thing was an exception-flying on a magical broom. Descending the mountain was a matter of minutes, and there was no need to worry about transportation. The only issue was that she wasn't entirely familiar with some of the mystic herbs, but her medical background helped her understand the relevant ones.
The situation was worse than she had imagined.
When Wynter followed the spotted deer to the ground, she noticed a drained mystic spirit nearby. It was an antelope, pure white and glowing faintly, but its neck was torn open. Blood was splattered everywhere, its body shriveled, and its core hollowed out.
Seeing this, Wynter paused and glanced at Dalton. "Have you seen something like this before?"
She was new here and needed to understand what kind of cultivator would go to such extremes. She wondered if such a person could still be considered human.
"I have," Dalton said, holding the parasol with one hand and walking gracefully through the rain, the parasol tilted toward her. His noble energy seemed to make the rain lighten wherever he passed.
His black boots stepped over the blood, diluting it.
His features were strikingly handsome. "There's a saying in the cultivation world-those born in the Wretched Ground are prone to demonic cultivation, and animals are even more likely to become demons.
"So, before they turn into demons, cultivators from various sects come to select mounts such as mystical cranes or turtles. But more often, the spiritual energy from antelopes and mystic deer is better suited to enhance their cultivation.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1792

Chapter 1792 Refuses to Be A Mere Memory
Wynter took a few more steps in the heavy rain. The sound of raindrops hitting the parasol was particularly distinct in the quiet surroundings.
She was deep in thought, while Dalton held the parasol, shielding both of them as they
walked slowly. His attentiveness was almost excessive. Yet, even so, Wynter found it hard to ignore his presence.
The forest around them was pitch black, with rain and mist rising, making it hard to distinguish between the sound of wind and thunder. The atmosphere was eerie, and the faint scent of blood lingered in the air.
But Dalton seemed unaffected by any of it. His fingers were clean, and his noble demeanor remained unchanged.
This made Wynter look up, wanting to study him more closely. After all, he was the only one whose name hadn't changed in this formation. This detail bothered her.
Noticing her gaze, Dalton tilted the parasol further toward her and slightly turned his head. "Miss?"
He looked even more strikingly handsome under the parasol. I was as if he had a bewitching charm. Even the faint smile at the corner of his lips was dazzling. This was especially true when he called out to her with a playful expression, his eyes slightly lowered.
His voice, though youthful, was alluring. It was much deeper and more resonant than one would expect for his age. This was completely different from how he sounded after his reincarnation.
Wynter couldn't help but imagine him in a suit, sitting in the back of a Rolls Royce, reviewing documents and attending video conferences.
Who could have imagined that the Sorzada City's "crown prince", so decisive in business and meticulous in etiquette, someone who wouldn't tolerate a single wrinkle in his shirt, would have been like this in his youth?
Wynter chuckled. "I was wondering what you'd be like a few years older."
"How else could I be like?" Dalton laughed softly, then shifted the topic. "I noticed that everyone in your hall is young. It seems you don't like mature men."
Wynter immediately responded, "They're just ordinary maids."
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1793

Chapter 1793 Carry the Burden
Wynter didn't understand why Dalton had changed after just walking a short distance with the white tiger.
He became quieter, his smiles more indifferent and inscrutable. Though he had never been particularly lively, there was a noticeable difference from how he had been earlier, when he would explain everything to her.
Was it because the rain had stopped? Had his attentiveness faded with it?
As Wynter pondered this, the white tiger's back stiffened. Dalton, though seemingly casual with each step, exuded a chilling energy. It didn't remember when Wynter had kept such a boy toy.
The white tiger moved slowly as it was injured. Wynter, being considerate, didn't walk far before picking it up. Though small, it was still heavy, nothing like a cat.
Fortunately, the mountain's mystic spirits arrived quickly. In less than half an hour, they gathered around Wynter, one after another, forming a grand assembly.
The sects had no idea that, under the moonlight, the mystic spirits were on the move at this very moment.
Their eyes glowed brightly in the dark forest.
Wynter raised a torch, holding it high as she looked around.
On the mountainside, animals were either standing or lying down, all watching her. This scene might have been terrifying to anyone else, but Wynter showed no fear. To her, this was normal.
She even chuckled softly, her breath low. "Long time no see."
These four words, spoken by Wynter, were enough to make the demon clans and mystic spirits rejoice. Only she could evoke such a response.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1794

Chapter 1794 Dalton's Past
The possibility that Wynter was thinking she might die because she had entered a formation that was difficult to break through made Dalton's calm eyes deepen with thought.
In the night, he no longer appeared as pure and innocent as Wynter had seen him in the Wretched Ground.
He should have looked like an immortal, given his black hair, white robes, and fur-lined coat. But his striking features, combined with the faint Fankrit inscriptions around his neck, gave him an air of forbidden allure.
He stared directly at Wynter, then smiled. Entering the formation didn't necessarily mean death. He would ensure she remained unharmed if she was willing to stay for him. What was a formation if not something he could control?
Dalton admitted he wasn't acting like his usual self. Born from the refining flames, his sole purpose was to correct the Realms of Reincarnation. Now, to be told that all of this was just a formation - a fragment of someone's memory-made him feel like the world had turned upside down.
Wynter had no idea that Dalton would guess she had entered a formation. Normally, even if someone noticed her unusual behavior, they would assume she had taken over someone else's body. After all, no sane person would immediately guess it was a formation.
It wasn't that Wynter lacked caution, but Dalton was simply too perceptive. No wonder the heavens had cut his life short.
Not all the mystic spirits could grasp that Wynter intended to bear the heavenly punishment for Ailithir.
The spider, having lived for so long and noticing Dalton, who was always by Wynter's side, didn't immediately approach her to explain that heaven wasn't so easily deceived.
The impending heavenly punishment wasn't just targeting Mt. Nyxvarn, but the other major sects had shamelessly placed them at the forefront.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1795

Chapter 1795 Fighting for Her Favor
Wynter couldn't care less about that. She knew conflict with other sects was inevitable in her fight to save Mt. Nyxvarn-the only question was whether to strike first or wait for the storm to come. Besides, it was impossible to hide that every mystic spirit in the mountain had acknowledged her as their master.
The other sects would already have noticed the change in the flow of energy following the cessation of the heavenly thunder.
That night, Wynter refused to rest as she set her plans in motion. She instructed Aranya to bring along some ferocious mystic spirits and take immediate action. If they waited any longer, the other sects might catch wind of their movements.
No one knew Mt. Nyxvarn's villagers better than Aranya. Though they were generally decent, their attitudes toward women were far from kind.
Daughters who lacked beauty were expected to labor for the family, while the prettier ones were swiftly married off in hopes of producing a son. If they failed in that, they faced a life of suffering and scorn.
Such was the reality of Nyxvarn Village, where a woman's worth was determined solely by her ability to bear a son.
Hearing Aranya's account, Wynter stopped in her tracks and ordered, "I want a list of every name in that village, including their conflicts and rumors."
She had long wondered why and how the heavenly retribution descended upon Mt. Nyxvarn. Now, she had an inkling of the cause.
It wasn't just one factor at work. Personal burdens borne from mortals had likely triggered the heavenly retribution as well.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1796

Chapter 1796 Not Meant to be Saved
A rumor had spread throughout the cultivation world, claiming that those who managed to gather 81 spirit cores from various spirits had a higher chance of ascending to the highest realm in the Arcane Way. Such a rumor had led various sects to maintain stringent oversight on mystic spirits.
Certain spirit cores were believed to help strengthen one's physical body and reinforce cultivation growth. The higher the mystic spirit's rank, the more beneficial its spirit core was to the cultivators.
Under such circumstances, Wynter's intentions were nothing short of a blatant challenge against long-standing rules.
To the world, demons and monsters were evil by nature. As Wynter expected, the villagers swiftly turned to Mt. Nyxvarn for help after being terrorized.
Although the sects took in new disciples each year, the purpose had noticeably shifted throughout the years.
Centuries ago, disciples were taken in to be nurtured, with the hope of helping them reach ascension. But now, the sects were primarily concerned with growing their influence and acquiring more servants.
Nowadays, sects placed more importance on a disciple's background and status. The
disciples who rose to prominence were either a direct lineage of the grand master, royalty, or aristocratic families' descendants.
Meanwhile, those taken in from the outside were reduced to servants, known as a disciple in name only. And yet, the villagers saw it differently.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1797

Chapter 1797 Leave With Your Faith
Wynter felt an inexplicable irritation as she listened to the women's conversation. It wasn't just irritation—her state of mind was becoming increasingly unsettled after knowing the implications behind their words.
The most taboo thing for cultivators was to allow external factors to disturb their inner peace. Yet, ever since choosing to enter the Human Sacrificial Formation, Wynter's actions had been going against her principles.
Some ideas had been passed down from ancient times to the modern era. Compared to ancient times, the modern world seemed slightly better. But upon closer inspection, some things remained eerily similar.
For example, the most common advice was for women to have their own careers to avoid being left behind by society. Or nonsense such as having to marry eventually so that they'd have someone to take care of them in old age.
Wynter didn't understand why everything was about women. Didn't men also need to support their families? Shouldn't they be afraid of being left behind by society as well?
The ones who loved to gossip were often the same people, and sadly, a large portion of them were relatives and elders. Few would say that women should just live happily and freely. Society always seemed to place one lock after another on women.
Wynter hadn't noticed it as much when she was on the mountain. But now, she could feel that Nyxvarn Village was "cannibalistic".
They were warm and welcoming, smiling at others with open arms. Yet, their actions were filled with malice, though they themselves were unaware of it.
"Why aren't you speaking, sir? We're just country folks, so we don't know the rules. Have we disturbed you?" The two women were still asking.
Dalton, seemingly accustomed to such situations, remained expressionless. His demeanor was as aloof as ever. "I'm not the one you're looking for. My lord is."
The two women, hearing this, turned their surprised gazes toward Wynter, their eyes filled with disbelief. "L-Lord?"
Wynter hadn't expected Dalton to refer to her this way, but for the sake of manipulating people, it worked well.
"Hmm," Wynter responded lightly, her slender, pale fingers casually playing with a tarot card.
Suddenly, she smiled. "I'm afraid you'll be disappointed. You won't be able to send your daughters up the mountain for dual cultivation. But if you have sons, they might benefit. My hall is still short of a few bed warmers. How about it? Are you willing to send them?"
Wynter's words left the villagers who had come to offer their daughters utterly stunned. An unprecedented silence fell, as if even the air had gone still. Some gasped, while others turned pale.
Dalton, meanwhile, held onto the tarot cards. His gaze shifted back to Wynter when he heard the words "bed warmers". He knew she was only saying this to provoke the villagers, but she had said it too smoothly for his liking.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1798

Chapter 1798 Dalton's Jealousy
As Wynter's sage, Ailithir naturally knew her abilities.
He understood the true purpose of Terell and Jervis' visit without having to think too deeply -they were here for Wynter. Those who knew Ailithir understood that he was fiercely protective of his disciples. He would never let Wynter fall into danger, no matter what.
Ailithir didn't reveal too much, simply shaking his head with a smile. "Fellow cultivators, calm down. Would Mt. Nyxvarn be left without a successor if she truly could command mystic spirits? The sects tested her spiritual roots when she first came to the mountain. You should know what she's like."
These words gave Terell and Jervis pause. Both were elders of their respective sects, and while they couldn't make all the decisions, they were still sages.
It was true that the sects had tested her spiritual roots and found her potential lacking when Wynter first came to the mountain. That was why they had pushed her onto Ailithir.
After all, she was the Princess of Velmoria. Not accepting her would have been an insult to the royalty, but accepting her meant they had to teach her their rules. Yet, even as a child, Wynter had been difficult to handle.
She had no concept of respecting the elders and seemed to be able to see through people's facades. Hence, the sects had passed her around like a hot potato until she ended up with Ailithir.
But now, things were different. If someone truly could command mystic spirits, they had to belong to Mt. Lunther!
With this in mind, Terell's eyes narrowed. "Ailithir, how do you explain Mt. Nyxvarn's mystic spirits acknowledging a master if she doesn't have that ability?"
His tone grew more aggressive, driven by the tempting benefits behind this.
"It couldn't be you, could it? We all know your spiritual roots are mediocre, but we also know that gathering 81 mystic spirits and their spirit cores can transform one's body and lead to the Primordial Arcane. If you truly had this ability, why wouldn't you use it yourself?"
Ailithir sat upright, stroking his beard. "It's indeed not me. But you should know that Mt. Nyxvarn is full of golden encounters. This time, my disciple simply stumbled upon one. It won't work again."
This explanation was reasonable. After all, the reason they were eagerly awaiting Ailithir's demise was to covet the golden opportunities within Mt. Nyxvarn.
With the conversation reaching this point, they couldn't outright force their way.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1799

Chapter 1799 Who Will You Choose
Dalton stood under the tree and watched Wynter and "Logan" in the distant pavilion, but he didn't approach them.
His identity made him unsuited for mingling with others. Moreover, regardless of the sect, everyone knew he was the boy toy Wynter had brought back from the Wretched Ground.
Compared to these noble scions, he was worthless. To put it bluntly, he was just a servant who attended to her.
Dalton smiled faintly, a hint of mockery in his expression and his dark eyes cold. Yet, he made no move.
Wynter, dressed in snow-white robes, sat across from "Logan", who was dressed like a noble. Her eyes curved as she smiled when she poured tea for him with her delicate hands. Dalton didn't know what Wynter had said to make "Logan" blush, his gaze soft and tender. The spring breeze carried the scent of peach blossoms, but to Dalton, it felt overwhelmingly pungent.
He looked down at the fruit he had picked for her earlier. Now, it just tasted bitter, the astringency seeming to spread from his throat to his heart. This made him frown slightly.
He knew Wynter's tricks well. Back in the Wretched Ground, when she wanted to bring him up the mountain, she had said plenty of sweet words, too. An inexperienced nobleman like " Logan" would be easily flustered.
But not long ago, she had told Dalton he was the only one. Now, she was using the same tactics on another man. Dalton came to the conclusion that sweet words couldn't be trusted.
With this in mind, Dalton tossed the fruit onto the stone table under the corridor and turned to leave.
But just then, he heard Wynter's voice behind him. "Dalton? Where are you going? Come here."
He paused but didn't turn around. He wasn't acting like a boy toy, but he also wasn't tired of playing these games yet.
"What's wrong?" Wynter hurried over, her dress fluttering like butterfly wings. She reached out and grabbed his wrist. "Did someone upset you?"
Wynter knew that in such settings, a mortal- especially one brought as an offering-would attract a lot of speculation.
But Dalton was always aloof, looking down on everyone and treating cultivators like trash. So, it probably wasn't about that. But Wynter couldn't understand what was making him upset.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1800

Chapter 1800 Omnipotent
Wynter couldn't believe Dalton called himself a mortal. She had wanted him to keep a low profile, and he had been maintaining his persona well until today. She couldn't understand what was going on with him.
Yet, Dalton acted as if he hadn't noticed anything. He turned to look at her and said with a calm tone, "This place isn't as simple as it seems. Are you sure you want to bring an extra person?"
Wynter had also sensed the strangeness of this place. The miasma was too thick, filled not only with malevolent spirits but also venomous insects. In addition, the dead's lingering resentment energy hung in the air.
The formation was sinister, likely used for some sacrificial ritual. But it had clearly failed, leaving only the skulls behind. The roadside was littered with blackened, charred, leafless trees.
Wynter felt as though something was hiding in the shadows behind the trees, coldly watching them as if they were intruders.
She didn't let her guard down. "It's precisely because this place isn't simple that I need to bring him."
"Because he's a nobleman? Because of his status?" Dalton stood as if enveloped in the miasma, the white mist swirling around him.
Before Wynter could answer, someone nearby screamed, "Snakes! There are snakes! I saw one slithering past just now!"
It was a cultivator who had landed with them. He seemed to be in a trance as he muttered the same thing over and over.
"Snakes. There really are snakes. My sage said I would die by a snake's hand and told me to avoid them during training."
The other cultivators were unnerved by his behavior. After all, what kind of snake could frighten a cultivator? This place was feeling increasingly sinister by the second.
The remaining cultivators exchanged glances, wondering if they should retreat.
At that moment, Carlton tried to maintain order and spoke up. "Nonsense. What's so scary about snakes? Calm down, and keep moving forward."
Wynter could understand the language of beasts, including snakes. They were hissing, and there weren't just one or two of them-there were at least 100.
Wynter tried imagining the scene, and it was truly a living nightmare.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1801

Chapter 1801 Going All In
Wynter would have to step in if Dalton couldn't handle the Sablemare.
Though Wynter didn't entirely believe he was incapable, she still moved slightly, shielding Dalton behind her. Noticing her action, the coldness in Dalton's expression lessened.
But first, she needed to figure out what kind of malevolent spirit or demon they were dealing with. "What is it? You should know."
Otherwise, he wouldn't have advised her not to tamper with the sealing talismans.
Dalton held the parasol, his black hair loose. Though he claimed he couldn't handle the Sablemare, there was no fear on his face. Instead, he looked lazily confident, his beauty tinged with a demonic presence. "A malevolent spirit that makes people dream. The books said it's called the Sablemare."
What "books"? He clearly knew.
Wynter had figured out Dalton's way of speaking. When he tilted his head, there was an air of casualness that wasn't there in the version of him that was outside the formation.
She couldn't help but smile, her eyes curving. "That sounds terrifying."
"It is terrifying. So, you'll have to protect me," Dalton said with a smile, his expression genuinely relaxed now and his tone natural.
"I will," Wynter nodded, playing along with his persona.
Dealing with the Sablemare was both simple and difficult. The key was to prevent it from entering anyone's dreams.
"Mr. Winston, remember to stay awake, no matter what," she said to "Logan", knowing his constitution made him an easy target.
"Logan's" eyes lit up at her concern. "Got it!"
Dalton glanced over but said nothing.
In the meantime, Carlton wasn't entirely useless. Upon hearing it was the Sablemare, he didn't hesitate to pull out an artifact his sage had given him the Somnielock.
As the Somnielock rang, the Sablemare's expression twisted in pain. It covered its ears, black mist seeping from its features. It stopped advancing, clearly wary of the artifact.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1802

Chapter 1802 The Lord Has Feelings for Her
As the situation took an unexpected turn, the poisonous insects, once fixated on Dalton with predatory intent, now scurried away in a frenzy-some almost crashed into a tree as they fled in terror. In the end, Sablemare was left alone to face Dalton.
Sablemere studied Dalton's face. Upon noticing his cold expression, it tentatively uttered words of discord.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1803

Chapter 1803 Danger Lurks
In the meantime, Wynter, having turned back to save the others, naturally steered clear of Sablemare's path. Avoiding the dream demon was fairly simple-they just had to spot the pigmy rattlesnakes in the forest. Yet, their fate remained uncertain.
Though they had evaded Sablemare, they ran into a swarm of poisonous bugs instead.
Wynter glanced at a tattered cultivator and said, "Lend me your sword."
The cultivator, Piaras Giofa, was baffled, as he had never heard about her swordsmanship. Besides, wasn't Mt. Nxyvarn known for its useless cultivators with average spiritual roots? Ignoring Piaras' bewilderment, Wynter noticed the other cultivators were burning talismans while chanting spells. Her gaze sharpened as she raised a hand. With a sweep of her sword, she severed the limbs of the poisonous bugs.
Guided by instinct, the poisonous bugs sensed the threat and kept their distance. Instead of fleeing, they blocked the exit and waited for their chance to strike. Even so, the cultivators were saved for the time being.
The four cultivators heaved a sigh of relief before turning to Wynter. A cultivator named Tierney Murchadha admitted in a low voice, "To be honest, I never expected you to come back for us.
"And I certainly didn't expect Mt. Lunther, the so-called head of the sects, would resort to such underhanded tactics."
Jaylene's sudden push cleared their minds. The young woman whom they believed to be kind, powerful, and honorable was revealed to have a heart more wicked than any demon's.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1804

Chapter 1804 The Sacred Statue
Meanwhile, outside the formation, Monway University's suicide cases were far from over. This meant that the Sacrificial Human Formation was still active.
Atwater refused to accept fate just like this. He knew he couldn't break the formation, but he insisted on finding another way. Perhaps finding out who had constructed the formation would work, too!
Determined, he suddenly sat cross-legged on the ground. Around him, a ring of talismanic runes, drawn in cinnabar, glowed faintly in the darkness. It didn't seem like any of the Arcane Way's normal rituals.
Kaspar rushed over the moment he saw this. "What are you doing? Are you out of your mind? You can't just forcefully activate the divine eye like this!"
Atwater's voice was firm. "We're running out of time to break the formation. Right now, Wynter's in there, stopping it from proceeding. But the longer she stays inside, the more likely the tides are going to turn on her.
"It's obvious that neither of us knows what she's facing in there. My entire sect owes her a huge favor-I have to get her out."
There was only one way to track down the mastermind behind this formation, which was to activate the divine eye. Yet, doing so would take a massive toll on the body, even for a grand master. Atwater wasn't even one, and he was putting his life at risk by forcing it.
Kaspar wasn't going to stand by and let that happen. "You can look for the formation master, but no matter what, don't activate the divine eye!"
Atwater didn't respond, so Kaspar grabbed his hand. "There are other ways to save Wynter. Wait for me, and don't be reckless! Got it?"
"Other ways?" Atwater raised an eyebrow as he suddenly recalled something. "Do you mean the heaven's chosen one from the Yarwoods?"
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1805

Chapter 1805 The Coolest
Wynter's fingers paused for a moment, but her expression remained unreadable.
She had prepared herself to encounter the statue again, but she hadn't expected it to appear in the home of a family in this eerie town. It also seemed that the family worshipped this very statue.
The most difficult malevolent spirits to deal with were those with worshippers. The Human Sacrificial Formation might have existed before, just like now.
Wynter silently followed them into the house.
Feradach was already terrified, whispering shakily, "Do something!"
Wynter glanced at him, her tone calm. "There's nothing I can do about it, so be strong."
Feradach didn't know how to reply.
Brenda, noticing their whispered conversation, smiled and asked, "Do you two have any questions?"
Feradach was too nervous to speak. Instead, he shook his head vigorously.
But Wynter didn't play along. She smiled faintly and replied naturally, "Yes, I do. This sacred statue is quite unique. Perhaps my studies are lacking, but I don't recall seeing it on the celestial register."
Wynter's comment made the other three cultivators examine the statue more closely.
"It does look unfamiliar. Logically, we should recognize all those who have ascended to the Sacred Path."
"Well, maybe we missed some."
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1806

Chapter 1806 Dalton is Here
None of them dared say they were hungry. The four sect apprentices exchanged glances, knowing they couldn't reveal their fear, so they had no choice but to play along.
"Yes, Feradach was just talking about how his stomach was growling earlier," Tierney said, forcing a smile.
They had indeed learned some things on the mountain. Sometimes, it was best to humor the malevolent spirits first when dealing with them. However, it was clear that their acting skills were lacking.
Brenda narrowed her eyes, scrutinizing their expressions. "Really?"
"Of course!" Feradach nodded vigorously.
Brenda laughed again, her voice melodious. "Then have some appetizers first. My husband hasn't returned yet, but when he gets home, I'll have him prepare some bone broth for all of you."
Bone broth? Whose bones were used to make it?
The apprentices gripped the edge of the table, glancing at Wynter, then at the window, and finally at Brenda, who was tilting her head as she watched them.
She set down the dishes, seemingly unfazed by the fact that the meat was still dripping with blood. "What's wrong, honored cultivators? Don't you like bone broth?"
As she picked up a kitchen knife, her demeanor shifted, hinting at irritation.
Wynter spoke up calmly. "Our cultivation methods require us to abstain from certain desires. There are things we cannot eat even if we like them."
"Is that so? What a pity," Brenda said, her smile returning as she poured wine from a jar." Well, that doesn't matter. I know many specialty dishes, so there's bound to be something you can eat. For now, have some wine to warm yourselves."
Wynter didn't move. Brenda raised the wine cup, holding it just inches away. The four apprentices paled, their minds screaming that they couldn't drink it. Yet, Wynter took the cup.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1807

Chapter 1807 I Am Afraid
Everyone was rendered speechless by Dalton's action. He spoke with the same nonchalant demeanor as always. His eyelids lifted slightly, his actions casual, and his face so handsome and noble that it seemed like none of this was a big deal to him.
Feradach sucked in a sharp breath as the four of them instinctively turned their gazes
toward Brenda. Dalton had boldly said what they had all been thinking! They, too, thought the stuff in the bowl was filthy, but they hadn't dared say it out loud.
They believed it was over now. Even they didn't want to fight, they'd have to-and they were no match for her!
Sure enough, Brenda's expression twisted into something terrifying in an instant. Her face was suddenly half-covered in blood, and her voice was bone-chillingly sinister. "What did you say? You think what I made is filthy?"
"He's young and doesn't know any better," Feradach said, trying to smooth things over." Right, Wynter?" He didn't forget blink furiously at her, signaling her to rein in her boy
toy.
Unfortunately, Dalton didn't appreciate his efforts and even found the behavior a bit foolish. He glanced at Brenda, his brow slightly furrowed. He then tilted his head, regaining a bit of his youthful air as he turned to Wynter. "This cultivator is wrong. Everything here is filthy. Don't touch or eat any of it."
Feradach couldn't believe what he was hearing. Couldn't Dalton see he was covering for him? Was he trying to get himself killed?
"Wynter!" Feradach's voice cracked as he shouted. "He's your responsibility. Do something!
Wynter finally moved, propping her chin on her hand. She shook her head exasperatedly, though her tone was indulgent. "Don't worry, I didn't touch or eat anything, but you can't just go around breaking people's bowls. You'll have to pay for it."
"Oh?" Dalton glanced back at Brenda after hearing Wynter's words. "How much for the bowl? I'll pay you."
But the bowl wasn't the point.
Brenda's face was still dripping with blood, her chest heaving, as if she had never been so insulted. Her expression was terrifyingly dark. "You must have a death wish!"
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1808

Chapter 1808 Betrayal
Wynter was thinking about keeping Dalton's identity a secret. Hence, she chuckled softly as she answered, "The matter of the sacred statue should be left to me. He's just a mortal, so he can't make decisions."
Upon hearing this, Desiree looked at Wynter, then at Dalton, her expression absolutely baffled.
Dalton spoke with indifference. "I'll listen to her."
That finally snapped Desiree out of her daze. It seemed she still needed to adjust to Dalton's current demeanor. The way he kept addressing Wynter so fondly... This was unlike him in the underworld. He rarely intervened in matters and never paid attention to anyone. To him, everyone was insignificant.
Even his four pets were each more troublesome than the last. This was especially true for Wolf, who had followed him out of the refining flame. He could swallow all the evil spirits in the world with a single roar. Yet, here Dalton was, saying he'd listen to Wynter.
Desiree struggled to keep her expression neutral.
The other four apprentices, however, found this situation completely normal and
immediately stepped forward. "What did you mean earlier when you asked us to help you deal with that sacred statue?"
Desiree took a deep breath, knowing these four were just there to make up the numbers. Still, compared to other cultivators, at least they didn't spout annoying platitudes.
Hence, she lowered her voice and began to explain the whole story. "This goes back to when I first died. I was buried under the willow tree as nourishment for my family, sustaining the entire Pennoyer family.
"Dmitriy, my so-called father, saw his business flourish after that. He even befriended a magistrate from the capital. He claimed it was because he had a son that he gained such fortune. In reality, it was because he had used me to borrow the spirits' fortune."
Desiree's voice turned cold, and the temperature in the room seemed to drop. "The Pennoyer family prevented me from even entering the underworld, offering me as collateral to that sect cultivator. I couldn't reincarnate. The cultivator controlled me and forced me to kill."
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1809

Chapter 1809 Him Again
Dalton wondered if Wynter truly saw him as a tool. Besides, why did she have to save anyone and everyone?
Dalton lifted his eyes slightly. Whenever he looked at people like this, he always exuded a cold, aloof pride.
Desiree watched him cautiously, not daring to speak. She couldn't figure out what he was thinking.
Wynter, on the other hand, moved closer to him. When she spoke, her breath brushed against his jawline. "Mr. Glaisne's thunder tribulation came unexpectedly.
"Although cultivators who fail to ascend must indeed face such trials, the sheer number of evil causes hanging over Mt. Nyxvarn clearly indicates that someone has been shifting their own misdeeds onto us."
Dalton listened quietly, saying nothing. The parasol he had been holding earlier was now set aside. The only thing he felt was how close Wynter was to him. Normally, he would have moved away, but for some reason, he didn't this time.
He allowed her hair and breath to gradually brush against him. It felt as if she might lean into his embrace at any moment when she spoke to him like this.
Unconsciously, Dalton recalled the Sablemare that had tried to tempt him earlier. His eyes darkened, inscrutable, as if he were thinking of something else.
His gaze, however, inadvertently fell on her lips. They were pale, but their very paleness seemed to evoke an inexplicable desire. It made him want to reach out and rub them until they turned red.
Dalton's eyes suddenly became as dark as the depths of the underworld despite his neutral expression.
Wynter didn't notice the change in him and continued with her speculation. "That sage of mine has been missing for years after getting kicked out from the sect. It's said that he perished, but no one has seen his body. I suspect he-"
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1810

Chapter 1810 They Shouldn't Move On Easily
Worse still, Wynter told him that they had to stop the ritual.
Dalton responded with silence. Never before had his gaze been so cold and indifferent, as though the situation didn't concern him.
Wynter took a step forward, expecting Dalton to follow. When she failed to sense his presence, she turned to find him standing in the shadows, his expression unreadable.
The dim light obscured his handsome face, but the air around him had noticeably shifted. His figure loomed within the black mist, and his pale wrist seemed to glow against the surrounding darkness.
If there were a term to describe the current Dalton, it would be the Demon King who rose from the underworld. Despite his elegant and harmless appearance, he was far crueler than anyone else. Even with a parasol in hand, he seemed completely stripped of humanity. Wynter couldn't read Dalton's thoughts, but from her understanding, she knew he was angry. Yet, she couldn't make sense of his fury. She wanted to pull him aside for a private conversation, but she had no time to spare-the ritual had begun.
Realizing that Dalton wouldn't intervene, Julio grew more excited and bolder. Meanwhile, the other villagers gathered around the bonfire to form an Arcane diagram as soft prayers filled the air.
"Oh, Lord Onuruth, great god to whom I place my faith. I humbly present this sacrifice to you. May you find favor in it and accept it with grace."
With those words, Julio threw the golden parchment into the air before lighting three ritual candles. The golden parchment turned out to be the underworld's currency. As for the ritual candles, Wynter had spotted them earlier in Desiree's house.
Clearly, no god would answer through candles soaked in human oil. Instead, a demon would be summoned.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1811

Chapter 1811 Extremely Jealous
With a darkened gaze, Wynter stepped forward. "I wouldn't have entered the formation if I intended to leave you behind."
While others didn't hear her words, Dalton caught them. His eyelashes fluttered slowly, and his throat was seemingly clenched. A cold, uneasy air settled around him, and even his icy eyes betrayed no emotion.
His gaze lingered on Raleigh, as if trying to figure out what made him worth the risk Wynter was taking.
Dalton had already figured out Wynter had entered a formation, though he never expected any cultivator to do such a thing for another's sake-unless they meant something special to them.
Dalton's eyes darkened as his grip tightened around the parasol. The gesture was barely noticeable under the long sleeve, but his pale fingertips, possibly chilled by the biting air, peeked through.
Looking at Raleigh, Dalton could see why he appealed to Wynter. Raleigh was young and obedient, not to mention his smooth skin and round, innocent eyes.
Dalton couldn't help but think Wynter's taste in men was questionable, and yet, his adult self was everything she wouldn't go for. If she were to meet him in his true form, he doubted she would ever save him, let alone take him back to Mt. Nxyvarn. After all, she preferred the innocent, younger ones.
Dalton pursed his lips, letting out a soft snort. It came off as a mockery, though there was an emotion to it that was hard to place.
In fact, Dalton had been disgruntled and indifferent when Wynter saved him and made him her servant. Even so, she took him to the mountains against his will.
Having lost both his spiritual power and spirit energy, he was made into a sacrifice by those courageous fools. Even though he had a mortal body, the demons still dared not to approach him.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1812

Chapter 1812 They Do Not Deserve a Second Chance
"What does that mean?" Before Julio could comprehend Wynter's words, his body started struggling to hold its form.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1813

Chapter 1813 Dalton Has Wynter's Back
In an instant, a fierce gale of overwhelming surge of spirit energy swept through Granville Village.
These were the cries of the most tragic and desperate resistance from women who had once been helpless and voiceless. Among them were those who had endured endless humiliation, treated as mere nourishment from birth, and, simply because they were women, had never had a chance to rise in life.
Never before had a cultivator stood up for these so-called malevolent spirits, and Wynter was the first in the sects to do so. Mt. Nyxvarn was destined to make a name for itself this time, and no amount of concealment would work now.
Julio, who had been fearless just moments ago, was now kneeling on the ground, begging for mercy. The grim spirits, who had once been villagers, scattered in all directions. The retribution that Mt. Nyxvarn had borne for others was now being repaid.
Julio had thought no cultivator would dare touch them because they carried the fortune bestowed by the heavens. But Wynter had somehow rallied those he had once crushed like ants.
Women were supposed to be sold for profit and married off early! Shouldn't they think of the community? They were the ones who refused to rely on men! They couldn't blame him for forcing them to conform to the rules of the past!
Julio still believed he was in the right, that these women should have known their place. But now, Wynter had turned his world upside down. He glared at Wynter, wanting to swallow her blood and flesh.
As he was about to be cleansed, Julio suddenly opened his gaping, black hole of a mouth and cursed her.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1814

Chapter 1814 Mt. Nyxvarn's Fortune
The solo cultivator, Dudley Solomon, stroked his beard and offered an explanation.
"The formation in Granville Village is different from others. Dismantling it won't increase one's fortune, but it is a great boon for the surrounding villagers. It shows that the one who dismantled it has achieved a state of great mental clarity."
"Indeed. Carlton is a well-mannered disciple. He respects his teachers and cares for the world. He is exactly the kind of disciple sects seek," another elder chimed in.
The grand hall was soon filled with praises and congratulations for Carlton. Once again, Mt. Lunther had gained prestige.
Mt. Lunther's elders, especially the two who had previously visited Mt. Nyxvarn, looked down on others with an air of superiority.
Ailithir had been too stubborn to accept their earlier offers. Now, he would finally
understand the vast difference between a declining sect and Mt. Lunther. Their disciples' performance in Granville Village spoke for itself.
As for Wynter, she had even brought her boy toy along. Whether she would make it out alive was another matter entirely.
While the various sects were busy discussing, Dudley spoke again, "They should return soon since the formation in Granville Village has been dismantled. Let us wait a little longer.
"Originally, the ranking would be based on slaying evil spirits, but the significance of dismantling such a formation speaks for itself."
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1815

Chapter 1815 Changes in the Chamber of Commerce
Cleo stood by the window, gazing at the distant flickering neon lights. His reflection in the glass revealed a face marked by weariness, and despite his composed expression, the anxiety in his eyes was unmistakable.
It had been three days since Wynter's disappearance. The news had spread like wildfire within the Chamber of Commerce, causing an uproar.
After all, it hadn't been long since Wynter had taken over the chamber again, and now she had suddenly vanished. Cleo had been searching for her tirelessly, but there were still no clues.
Meanwhile, the chamber was swamped with internal affairs.
"Mr. Sinclair, is there any news about Ms. Quinnell?" Lynus Lodovico, Cleo's secretary, gently knocked on the door.
Cleo shook his head. "Not yet."
Lynus continued, "A few of the chamber members have arrived. They require your presence.
Cleo turned around, straightened his collar, and said, "Alright. Have them wait in the conference room."
Wynter's disappearance had emboldened some of the members, as her absence left a leadership vacuum. Although she had appointed Cleo as the acting chairman in her absence, some members felt this arrangement was unfair.
The conference room was filled with over a dozen members, some standing, others sitting, engaged in hushed conversations.
"The chairman has been missing for days. Is the chamber still being managed?" A middle- aged man in a gray suit broke the silence, his voice tinged with dissatisfaction.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1816

Chapter 1816 The Mastermind
Inside the formation, the disciples from various sects continued their endless debates.
Mt. Lunther's members, as always, carried themselves with an air of superiority, even before any conclusions were drawn. This wasn't surprising. Having long been accustomed to being at the top, they naturally assumed any golden encounters for advancement were theirs by default.
Hence, their expressions were far from gracious when the overwhelming surge of fortune flowed to Mt. Nyxvarn instead.
Mt. Lunther, with its perpetual mist and graceful swans, was revered as a sacred land in the cultivation world. How could a declining sect like Mt. Nyxvarn compare?
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1817

Chapter 1817 Jealous
With the formation at Granville Village now dispelled, all the female spirits were free to journey to the afterlife. As for the cultivators, they still had to leave the village to use the teleportation formation. Raleigh, though, appeared to have been bitten as his arm bled uncontrollably.
Wynter pondered about the situation in the real world. Since entering the formation, she had been blind to everything unfolding outside. Yet, one thing was certain-the Sacrificial Human Formation had stopped expanding. That was a relief for the ordinary citizens as no more lives would be lost.
However, Wynter couldn't help feeling worried. After all, the Southern Cascadia Chamber of Commerce might face challenges during her absence. She had only just taken charge, but there was still so much to handle.
That said, she had started to piece things together as time passed. It would seem that the mastermind behind the Sacrificial Human Formation was Isidore Camron, Mt. Lunther's sage.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1818

Chapter 1818 Dalton's Soul
Meanwhile, an urgent voice echoed through the private suite of Oceanuv Hotel. "Mr. Yarwood reacted!"
"Is that true?" An exclamation followed.
At the same time, Kaspar was swiping through his phone before dialing a number. As soon as the call connected, he quickly asked, "Where the heck are you, Dalton?"
"Is that you, Mr. Stavius?" The one who answered was Keane, sounding rather anxious. He was eager to check on Dalton's condition.
Kaspar was stunned and stared at the screen. Upon confirming that he had dialed the right number, he questioned puzzledly, "Who are you? Where did you get Dalton's phone?"
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1819

Chapter 1819 The Dark Scheme
Jensen let out a deep sigh, uncertain if the situation was for better or worse.
As the embodiment of the heavenly law, Dalton should've been free from any selfishness. But without it, Whitley and Wolf would never have had a chance at survival.
By the will of the people and heavens, they were all destined to perish in that purge- including Jensen. Though he was a mythical beast, rumors and ill intentions had led many to lose faith in him, branding him as nothing more than a bad omen.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1820

Chapter 1820 Our Greatest Threat
Huchon gave a slight nod of approval. "Don't end up like that useless Kenton. Be glad that it was just a trial run for Project Eclipse and not the real deal."
Glancing at a muscular man seated across from him, Huchon instructed, "Iron, your task is to sow chaos in society. We'll stage a series of 'accidents' in major cities, throwing both the authorities and public into disarray."
Gilcolm Caley, otherwise known as Iron, replied in a hoarse yet resolute voice, "I've already mapped out the locations-transportation hubs, public facilities, and media centers. We're ready to move on your command."
Huchon was pleased by the answer and turned to a lean figure. "Your role is the most critical, Shadow. Your task is to obtain Cascadia's latest military intelligence, especially regarding quantum communication and deployment strategies. Do you think you can do it?" Asketil Breen, codenamed Shadow, lifted his head as a cunning glint flashed in his eyes. " I've already infiltrated one of their research institutions and gathered some preliminary data. Give me more time, and I'll secure the core intel as well."
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1821

Chapter 1821 The Brewing Storm
As Kiaran drove away, the old man made his way into the house. The moment Kiaran's car was out of sight, a cloaked figure appeared at the door. The old man, seemingly noticing his presence, gestured for him to enter.
Huchon approached the old man and dropped to one knee. "Project Eclipse is currently underway, sir. This time, everything will proceed as planned."
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1822

Chapter 1822 Chaos in the Yarwood Group
After the command was given, everyone quickly and methodically chose their positions. The stakes were high for Cascadia, and they couldn't afford to let their guard down.
Osian had doubts about the map initially. What if it was a decoy planted by the enemy? The consequences would be catastrophic. But Wynter's words had been enough to convince him.
As he watched the team disperse, Osian pulled out his phone and dialed the number Wynter had left for him.
After a few rings, a calm voice answered, "This is Lucas Keller speaking."
Osian gripped the phone tightly. "Hello. I'm one of Ms. Quinnell's subordinates."
Lucas paused for a moment. "Ms. Quinnell? Do you mean Wynter?"
Osian lowered his voice. "Yes. She left me this number and told me to contact you if I ever faced a situation I couldn't handle."
Lucas' tone grew serious. He knew this call wasn't made lightly. "Go on. What's the situation?"
Osian explained everything that had happened, including the details of the map and the instructions Wynter had left behind.
After listening, Lucas responded gravely, "Wynter's plan is solid. But if they're planning an attack on our nation, this is likely just the beginning. I suspect they'll target multiple fronts simultaneously-economy, security, healthcare, and possibly even the military.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1823

Chapter 1823 The Mastermind Shows Himself
As soon as Jervis finished speaking, the four of them fell silent, their eyes instinctively darting toward the back. The question was awkward, to say the least.
But Jervis didn't seem to notice. "What's wrong? Why is no one speaking? Don't feel burdened. The sages already know how dangerous Granville Village is. The fact that you made it out alive is impressive enough."
Feradach was speechless. What burden? This wasn't about burden. They were just feeling awkward, not knowing how they were supposed to answer this. Should they just say that Carlton had gone mad or that Mt. Lunther's disciples abandoned their comrades and stabbed them in the back?
Just as the four were about to gather their thoughts and respond, Wynter finally emerged from the teleportation formation.
She wanted to keep an eye on Isidore as soon as possible. After all, according to her reasoning, he would lose his source of nourishment and worship once the formation in Granville Village was broken. He would desperately need a suitable vessel to transfer its decaying soul.
Of course, Granville Village wasn't his only means of survival. He must have had other ways to gather power. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to hide in plain sight on Mt. Lunther without being detected by any of the sects.
To ensure Raleigh's safety, Wynter had stayed close to him the entire time, which was why she was late. Raleigh was dragging his so-called genius seniors, Carlton and Jaylene, along with him.
Carlton looked utterly disheveled, his hair a mess and his sword broken. He kept muttering, "This can't be. This can't be happening."
In contrast, Wynter appeared calm and composed, her demeanor sharp and unshaken. She walked forward as if she hadn't heard the murmurs behind her. Gasps began to ripple through the crowd, and everyone's eyes were filled with disbelief.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1824

Chapter 1824 Dalton's Identity
Atwater got up to answer the door, but when he opened it, all he saw was a black-robed figure disappearing into the distance. The only thing left behind was a note on the ground. Atwater bent down to pick up the note before returning inside and closing the door behind him. He slowly unfolded the note and read its contents.
"Not many can activate their divine eye these days. I'm honored to have gained another worthy opponent. Oh, and that includes Kaspar by your side. If we ever face off again, make sure you break the Human Sacrificial Formation first. Otherwise, we'll never get the chance to cross paths."
Kaspar, noticing the change in Atwater's expression, walked over and glanced at the note. " What? How dare they provoke us? Do they really think we're pushovers?"
Atwater furrowed his brows, deep in thought. "The fact that he delivered this letter means he has hidden the heart of the formation extremely well. This isn't the tone of an ordinary person. Even you, who are just one step away from becoming a grand master, can't easily find it. He's clearly confident."
When Kaspar saw the words "divine eye", he turned to Atwater. "Did you forcefully activate your divine eye after I left?"
Atwater nodded. "I was following the heavens' guidance, but the other party was prepared. A streak of black light struck at me, forcing me to retreat."
Kaspar shook his head helplessly. "It seems we'll have to rely on Dalton now."
Meanwhile, the black-robed figure returned to a secluded courtyard after completing his task. He approached an old man standing in the shadows, almost blending into the darkness. "My lord, the letter has been delivered."
The old man smiled faintly. "Good. The Human Sacrificial Formation has yielded excellent results this time. I've recovered about 70 to 80 percent of my strength. With a little more time, I'll be back at my peak."
The black-robed figure bowed even lower. "Your return to peak strength is our greatest wish.
||
The old man chuckled. "You've all worked hard these past few months. It's time to make a move against the Quinnell family. Wynter, trapped in the Human Sacrificial Formation, is being slowly consumed by me. Her fortune is within my grasp. Next, we'll deal with the rest of the Quinnell family.
"As for that wooden doll, how did it become a deity in Foplya when it can't even handle such a simple task?"
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1825

Chapter 1825 Royalty
Noting that Isidore was pinning the blame on Dalton, Wynter moved to lock eyes with
Isidore. "I didn't expect Mt. Lunther's sages to take such an interest in my private life. And here I thought Mr. Camron was only concerned with world peace. How surprising to find you're also fond of gossip."
Her words had enraged Mt. Lunther's cultivators. Normally, Wynter wouldn't carry herself with such arrogance, but she had to defend Dalton. After all, it was hard to explain his sudden physical growth.
Wynter wasn't certain about Dalton's true identity at that point, though she speculated he might have been a high-level Spirit King before this. Otherwise, why would the demons on the Wretched Grounds bow to him so fearfully while maintaining a cautious distance?
But after entering Granville Village, Wynter realized that Dalton was far more than just a Spirit King. Surely, there was something about him that the cultivators had overlooked.
Regardless, Dalton was unusual in every way. Perhaps Isidore had been plotting to discredit Dalton since learning he was meant to be sacrificed to the statue. Obviously, Wynter wasn't about to let that happen.
"Mr. Camron, isn't the real reason behind your suspicion simply because my spiritual roots are nothing special? You were convinced that I could never dispel the formation in Granville Village.
"Even if it was to be dispelled, it should've been by Mt. Lunther's disciples, and not by a useless cultivator who can't even ascend to the Sacred Path." As Wynter retorted, a smirk tugged on her lips.
Her eyes held a sharp, alluring charm, and the beauty mark underneath them only heightened her striking appearance.
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1826

Chapter 1826 She Doesn't Have the Skills
Mt. Lunther had made a complete fool of themselves. If they really apologized to Wynter, they would risk losing their standing as the world's leading sect. Once word got around, their reputation would be in shambles.
But Isidore was always prepared. He gazed at Wynter and voiced his doubts. "He's innocent -fine. But what about you? How could an average disciple change so much in just a few days? What have you done to pull this off?"
It turned out Isidore had been setting the stage for that very moment. Wynter lifted her head, but just as she was about to respond, Ailithir spoke first.
"That's enough. I know my disciple. In the end, the spiritual roots are nothing more than a construct created by the sects. One doesn't necessarily need remarkable spiritual roots to attain enlightenment. Moreover, the Mirror of Truth is harmful to the human soul.
"Wynter is my disciple. When the Velmorian royalty entrusted her to me, you all reaped what you desired. She brought your disciple back from danger, but instead of offering a word of concern, you hound her like this. This is simply unjust.
"What's your intention? Do you seek to eradicate all cultivators just to dominate the cultivation world?" Ailithir refuted, stepping toward Isidore and meeting his gaze.
Isidore never expected the good-natured Ailithir to stand so firmly by Wynter's side. As expected, Ailithir would do anything for his disciples. However, his speech sent a ripple through the crowd. Feradach and his peers even stood behind Wynter in solidarity.
"There's nothing wrong with Wynter. Ever since she brought us back, all Mt. Lunther did was interrogate her. If you truly seek to dominate the cultivation world, wouldn't it have been simpler to leave us to die?" Feradich boldly retorted.
The hall was thrown into uproar at those words.
Isidore hadn't foreseen such a turn of events. Knowing the sects' characteristics, none of them should've cared about Wynter. Despite her royal lineage, she had been too
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
###chapter1827

Chapter 1827 Wolf
Thormort spoke in a low voice. "The experiment is about to begin. I'll make sure this virus is something no one can resist."
Stuart gave a thumbs-up over the phone. "That's the spirit. Once you're done, Project Eclipse will officially begin."
"Understood."
With that, the call ended. All they needed was a strong start to ensure the rest of the plan would proceed smoothly. Stuart was already fantasizing about the devastating blow Cascadia would soon face.
...
Meanwhile, on the other side of the city, Gilcolm's team was preparing for the "accident". He held a map of Cascadia, guiding his team to identify peak traffic hours. Unbeknownst to them, their every move was being watched by the Special Unit's members.
From the shadows, Osian observed the suspicious group and picked up his walkie-talkie." Huxley, walk past them and see if they're holding a map."
Huxley Elmeren, carrying a briefcase, stood up from his seat and walked toward Gilcolm's group. As he passed by, he glanced sideways and confirmed, "Captain Balch, they're holding a map."
Osian switched to the channel with everyone in it. "Everyone, keep an eye on these individuals. Rotate surveillance shifts. It's better to be safe than sorry. We must ensure the people's safety."
"Copy that!"
This is the end of Part One. Upgrade Premium to read full content:
Upgrade Now 
The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!

