###Chapter 1
Amarah My name is Amarah Raven, I am a twenty one year old Werewolf and the future Alpha of White Crescent Pack.
Yes, you read that correctly I am the future Alpha and our Pack is the largest and strongest Pack there is.
Hearing the Omegas talk about my parents has me stopping dead in my tracks, my parents have been ruling our Pack for almost forty years and they don’t want to celebrate.
“Alastor, where are you?” I ask my baby Brother through our mind-link and as I rush up the stairs I link my best friends.
“Did you know Mom and Dad have been ruling for almost forty years?” I ask him as I open the door to Alastor’s room and his eyes fly open as he mutters “F***” before he sits up straight.
I link one of the Omegas to have breakfast delivered to my office for all of us and as soon as we are all sitting, Alastor and I tell them what the reason for our meeting is.
We know we need a lot of help organizing this and I tell each of them what I expect them to do.
We are able to get every Pack-member to help in one way or another, from decorations to color scheme and we manage to do it without our parents finding out.
I am even able to enlist the help of Luna Jess of Silver Moon Pack, she will take care of inviting some of our Allies.
In a matter of three weeks we have to get everything organized and on the day of the party, Alastor and I will take our parents out to dinner.
I am even wearing a dress to humor Mom, everyone knows that I don’t like to wear a dress and if I can avoid it for the rest of my life I will.
It is an emerald green, floor length, one shoulder dress with a split starting mid-thigh on the left.
Three string of shiny stones run from my right shoulder down my back to just above my a*** and I top it off with black velvet high heeled ankle boots.
The Friday of the party comes as it always does and after lunch Mom and I go upstairs to get our hair and make-up done, after which we get into our dresses and Mom looks gorgeous in her royal blue, floor length dress.
Blue and gold is the color scheme, just as it was at their Alpha and Luna Ceremony and when I see Dad I am stunned.
He is wearing a black three pieced suit with a royal blue button-up shirt and so is Alastor.
“I had a small surprise made for you,” Alastor says as he pulls out two black mask.
“Would you mind putting these on?” he asks and Mom and Dad take them without hesitation.
We both grab hold of an arm and lead them through the Pack-house to the backdoor.
Melia and Rhea are waiting for us at the back porch and they take up position behind Mom and Dad, they pull away the masks at the same time.
Mom and Dad look stunned at the scene in front of them and I see tears form in Mom’s eyes, looks like we did an excellent job.
Eos signals the DJ to start the music and soon Mom and Dad are off to mingle with their guests, laughing and smiling they walk around.
Alastor and I watch from a distance with smiles on our faces.
After an hour I get on to a small stage and everyone quiets down,
“Thank you all so much for coming.
My Mom and Dad stood here forty years ago to swear to each of you that they would be your Alpha and Luna until the day they would step down.
” I start the speech I prepared for tonight.
Everyone is having an amazing time and I talk to every Alpha and Luna that is present.
I dance with Gammas and Betas and even with some of our own Warriors, really enjoying myself despite wearing a dress.
It is a little after midnight when I decide to get changed into something a bit more within my comfort zone and as I walk in through the back door I get hit by an intoxicating scent, a scent I smelled a few times during the evening.
I had not been able to locate the scent with all those Wolves around, because it came and quickly went away every time.
This time I sniff the air and I know that however the scent belongs to is inside the Pack-house, I slowly walk further into the hallway.
With every step I take the scent becomes stronger and Minerva, my Wolf, is jumping up and down in my head, making me giggle at her.
I am at the bottom of the stairs when I realize that the scent is coming from upstairs and I get an inkling feeling.
Minerva is now pacing in my head and like me she doesn’t like where this is leading us.
As I reach the first floor Minerva whispers “Mate” and I start walking towards the guest rooms on this floor, but I know that we don’t have anyone spending the night here.
Suddenly a noise stops me dead in my tracks and Minerva and I are on high alert, being an Alpha’s Daughter makes me react faster than most.
I turn around to see if there is someone behind me and when I am satisfied I am alone in the hallway I turn back around.
After taking two more steps I am on high alert again, but this time I know the sound is coming from somewhere in front of me and tentatively I take another step.
Slowly but steadily I get closer to the scent and slowly a smile appears on my face, I believe Minerva is right.
Minerva is getting more agitated the closer we get to the scent, but she can’t explain to me why and I decide to ignore her for the time being.
Following the scent has lead me to the last room on my right and as I put my hand on the doorknob I hear someone g***.
Not knowing what might be behind the door I quietly turn the doorknob and I start pushing the door open slowly and quietly.
My eyes widen at the scene in front of me and Minerva is roaring in my head.
A male is standing at the foot of the bed and in front of him is a woman on all fours, they are so engrossed with one and other that they don’t even notice me.
The male slowly turns his head towards me as he keeps pounding into the female, he has a smirk on his face and I realize that even the female is looking at me now.
“I, Damien of Dark Mountain Pack, reject you as my Mate.
I don’t need a barbie doll.
” The male says and I hear Minerva whimper in my head, I know he is our mate but he really doesn’t want us.
“I, Amarah of White Cresent Pack, reject you as my Mate.
” I reply and the Male crashes to the floor in pain.
###Chapter 2
Amarah I don’t remember how I got up the stairs or how I got to my room.
I don’t remember getting out of my dress or into the bathroom, and I don’t remember getting into the shower.
But that’s where my Mother found me early in the morning, still silently crying at the loss of my Mate.
Minerva has been quiet ever since I walked away from our Mate.
I tell her that I understand she is hurting, and that I don’t have the words to comfort her, but that I am here whenever she needs me.
For the first time today, I feel her presence, and I feel a little relieved at that.
Alpha Atlas My Mate and I are enjoying the party our Pups organized for us behind our backs.
They did an excellent job, enlisting the help of everyone willing to assist.
Amarah even got Luna Jess to help her with the invitations, and I think I’ve thanked her for that four times already.
My Mate was surprised to see they used the color scheme from forty years ago.
But when Melia told us her Mom had helped them with that, it explained everything.
Amarah is wearing a dress for once, and she looks absolutely stunning.
Amarah never was a girl to wear dresses, and from the moment she was able to make that known to us, we had a battle every time my Mate tried to get her to wear one.
This is the third time I’m seeing my Daughter in a dress, and I know she’ll never wear one again if it’s up to her.
It’s nearly morning when we finally decide to call it a night.
Most of the guests that weren’t from our Pack left around one in the morning, and now there are only a handful of Pack members left in the backyard.
My Mate tells me she’ll check on our Pups before joining me in our room.
I smile at her as I nod my head; no matter how old they get, she will still check on them before turning in herself.
I get out of my suit and go through my evening routine when I suddenly feel my Mate’s distress.
I rush out of our room in a pair of shorts, and I hear her softly talking to Amarah, but I can’t make out what they are saying.
She must have felt my presence as she links me and tells me to go to bed and wait for her.
Ten minutes later, my Mate walks in with a sad expression on her face.
She tells me what she found when she went to check on Amarah, and I ask her if she told her what had happened.
My Mate says she didn’t, but she hadn’t seen any injuries on her.
Amarah spends the day in her room, and I call her friends to my office, hoping to find out more, but they don’t have any answers for me either.
Ione asks if they can investigate this on their own, and she’ll inform me once they’ve found something.
Something happened to my Daughter, and I intend to find out what it is and who is responsible.
I will make whoever hurt my little girl pay for what they did, and they will regret it.
My Wolf is roaring in my head at whoever did this to her.
Amarah stays in her room during dinner, something she has never done before, and everyone is talking about it.
Alastor tells them that something happened during the party, but that Amarah has not told anyone anything yet.
He hopes that whoever knows anything will come forward.
No one seems to know anything about what might have happened, and Ione hasn’t come to me yet, indicating they haven’t found anything either.
Knowing my Pack members, everyone will try to help find the answers I need.
My Mate and I have a restless night as we keep worrying about our Daughter.
In the early morning hours, roars and growls make both of us jump out of bed.
I link my Gam
a to find out what is going on.
He tells me he was woken up by a mind-link, only stating to come to the borders.
Amarah I wake up in the middle of the night to a very agitated Minerva, and she tells me we need to go for a run.
I quietly make my way down the stairs as everyone else is fast asleep, and as soon as I walk out the back door, Minerva takes over, making a run for the border.
She crosses the border without slowing down, sniffing the air in search of rogues, and I hope that she will be able to get rid of some of the pent-up anger raging through her.
It doesn’t take her long to find a rogue roaming near our northern border.
She toys with him for a while before tearing him to pieces, leaving his body close to the border.
She takes another sniff of the air before taking off running again.
After a few hours, she has killed six rogues, and I can tell that she has calmed down a little, but I know it will take a few more nights like this before she comes to terms with what Damien did.
We rush back towards the border, and again she doesn’t slow down as we cross the border.
Roars and howls wake me a few hours later, and I know our Warriors have found the rogues Minerva took out during the night.
I hear footsteps running around the Pack house and softer rushed footsteps inside, indicating that everyone was woken up.
I decide to get dressed and go see Dad to tell him Minerva took out those rogues, but Minerva shows me the scene with Damien again.
I know she needs this to get it out of her system, and Dad will order us to stay within the borders as soon as he finds out it was Minerva.
Deciding not to tell Dad, I fall back on my bed again, Damien’s rejection running through my mind once more, and the tears start flowing again.
The day repeats itself, spending my time in bed and crying for the loss of my Mate.
Minerva and I both don’t understand why, and I guess we’ll never find out the answer to that question.
He said he didn’t want a Barbie doll, but how could he say that, seeing we never met before? Anyone that knows me will tell you I am anything but a Barbie doll.
No, I think he used that as an excuse to reject me, and if I ever meet him again, I will make him regret this.
I ignore the knocks on my door, and I ignore the pushes against my barrier on the mind-link.
Only Mom opens my door after I don’t respond to her knocking.
Just like yesterday, she makes sure my food is brought up to my room, and just like yesterday, I don’t leave my room.
###Chapter 3
Ione After hearing from Alpha Atlas that something had happened to Amarah, we went to her office to find some answers.
So far, all we know is that she left the party before most of the guests, but after that, no one seems to know where she went.
None of us got much sleep, as we were worried about our best friend.
This morning, before heading to Amarah’s office, I asked Dad if he had any idea where to look next.
He told me to use the security cameras to see where she went after leaving the party.
As Melia and I eat breakfast, we watch the security footage outside to see where she went.
To our surprise, she walks into the Pack house, telling us that whatever happened, it happened inside.
I know that our security cameras record both image and sound—something Dad told me is useful if you can’t see someone’s face.
I hoped this would explain what happened in the Pack house better than just watching the footage.
Rhea and Eos walk into the office as I search for the footage from inside the Pack house.
Once I find it, I put it on the big screen so we can all see it at the same time.
We see her enter through the backdoor, and it takes us only a second to realize that she found her Mate.
Instead of saying or asking anything, we watch the screen as it unfolds the most horrifying thing I have ever seen.
I think I would rather watch a massacre over and over again than ever see this again.
As I look at my friends, I know I am not the only one.
It took us hours to find all the footage from inside the Pack house.
Now that we have finally found the answer to our question, my Wolf wants to kill someone.
It is close to dinnertime, and I know I have to let Alpha Atlas know what we found—something I am not looking forward to.
“Alpha, could you come to Amarah’s office and bring everyone with you?” I tell him through the mind-link.
Within seconds, all our parents, Amarah’s parents, and her Brother walk in.
I tell my Dad I followed his advice and found out what happened during the night of the party.
Melia starts the video feed, and like us, they quickly realize what must have happened.
But Melia stops the feed before we get to the point where her life changed for good.
“I don’t know….
” I start, but I am not sure how to say what I want to say.
Eos is the one to help me out.
“Alpha Atlas, I would rather spend twenty-four hours reading through our history than ever see this again,” Eos says.
Alastor pales, as we all know how much she hated it when we went to school.
Alpha Atlas tells Melia to start the feed again, and we all watch as she walks down the hallway toward the soft sounds.
Eos walks toward the window as the feed jumps to another camera in the hallway.
As we see Amarah slowly open the door, I hear Alpha Atlas growl, which only gets louder the more he sees.
Our Mothers have tears running down their cheeks as they hear the words spoken by the male.
Alastor yells, “I am going to kill you, Damien,” before he even mentions his name, and I wonder how he knew who the male was, as I didn’t.
Our Fathers are growling and roaring, while our Mothers are heartbroken.
We keep watching as Amarah slowly makes her way up to her room, staggering up the stairs.
Once she is in her room, Melia cuts the feed.
None of us say a word as we try to make sense of what we saw.
Alastor asks why he referred to Amarah as a Barbie doll, and I have no idea what answer to give him.
“Maybe because she was wearing a dress,” Rhea whispers.
“She looked like a porcelain doll in that dress, and I doubt he ever saw her in her usual outfits.
” We all know she is probably right.
Amarah looked amazing i
n her dress, and anyone who didn’t know her would have thought she was a spoiled little brat.
But that’s not an accurate picture of Amarah—she is the best Warrior we have and our future Alpha.
Amarah I hear my Dad roar, and I wonder if he found out what happened.
Soon he is joined by his Beta and Gamma, and I even hear my Brother roar—it sounds like they are beyond pissed.
Minerva roars in my head as the tears come once more.
I didn’t think I had any left, but apparently, I was wrong.
Mom walks in with my dinner on a tray, and I know she will not ask me to come downstairs to have dinner with everyone else.
She tells me they know what happened and that Dad wants to inform the Pack about it, show them the footage of the video feed.
I tell her Dad is allowed to inform the Pack, but to make it clear that no one is to bring it up in my presence.
Unless, of course, I bring it up myself.
Our Pack will be outraged, and I know that once they have seen it, I will hear roars throughout the Pack.
It doesn’t take long before I hear the first roars, and when I hear them about an hour later, I know Dad just informed the Wolves that had been on patrol.
Minerva is becoming restless again, and I know that tonight will be a repeat of last night.
She needs it as an outlet for the anger she feels toward our former Mate, just as I need to let the tears fall.
I just hope that someday we will be able to put this behind us and accept our second chance Mate if we are lucky enough to find him.
It is something Minerva and I do not want to think about right now, but maybe someday we will be able to think about it without feeling heartbroken and sad.
For the past three years, Minerva and I had wondered what our Mate would look like, what kind of person he would be, and if we had ever met him before.
It is uncommon for us to find our Mate on the day we turn eighteen.
Usually, it takes a few years, as we don’t interact with other Packs on a daily basis, and we had always believed in a happy-ever-after.
Most Werewolves are taught that the Mate-bond is a sacred bond—a bond to be cherished—and most Werewolves wait for their fated Mate.
However, there are Werewolves who believe a fated Mate is a weakness, so they choose a Mate instead.
My eyes slowly close as my body finally gives in to the exhaustion from crying my eyes out all day.
His face haunts me in my sleep, his words haunt me in my sleep, and there is nothing I can do about it.
###Chapter 4
Amarah Again, I wake up in the middle of the night and quickly make my way out of the Pack house to hand over control to Minerva, giving her the chance to deal with the pain she’s feeling.
She doesn’t waste any time, crossing our border without being spotted by one of our Warriors.
It doesn’t take long for her to find a Rogue and shred him to pieces.
She keeps running along our borders, and some of the Rogues flee the moment they see Minerva approaching.
Those Rogues are left alone as they pose no threat to our Pack.
About an hour before sunrise, we run along our eastern border from south to north.
Suddenly, Minerva stops dead in her tracks, sniffing the air as she scans her surroundings.
“Blood, not a Rogue,” she tells me, and slowly makes her way toward a cluster of trees and boulders.
The scent of blood grows stronger the closer we get, and Minerva slows down even further, scanning her surroundings.
Suddenly, her ears perk up as we hear soft whimpers coming from within the cluster of trees and boulders.
Minerva steps cautiously into the trees to reveal a female covered in blood, with her arms wrapped around a Pup.
I ask Minerva to give me back control, and the female’s eyes widen as I stand before her.
She clearly wasn’t expecting a female to show up.
“Please, don’t send us back.
Please, don’t tell anyone we are here,” she whispers, her voice laced with despair.
I crouch down in front of her, taking in the cuts and bruises on her body.
Minerva roars in my head at the sight of her injuries.
“I won’t send you back, but I need to warn our Pack doctor.
I need to know that your Wolf will be able to heal this on her own, and I need to inform my Pack so our Warriors can keep an eye on you,” I tell her gently.
It takes a few minutes before she responds.
“My Wolf says she can heal this on her own as long as we don’t have to start running again.
I don’t know if I want anyone else to know that I’m here.
Can you give me a few days to think about it?” she asks, and I decide to give her some time to calm down and rest.
I tell her I’ll be back in a few minutes.
I shift into Minerva before bolting from the cluster toward our eastern border.
I quietly make my way into the Pack house to gather some supplies and food for the female and her Pup.
Once I’ve handed her everything I brought with me, I tell her my name and find out her name is Asteria, and her Pup’s name is Inti.
“I’ll be back tomorrow night.
Get some sleep and eat something,” I say before leaving the cluster once again.
It has been four days since the rejection and three days since Asteria showed up.
Inti has come out of his shell, hugging Minerva the moment we enter the cluster, and we both enjoy those moments.
Asteria finally told me what had happened to them, and I had to let Minerva out to deal with her anger.
After we talked for a while longer, she finally agreed with me on telling our Pack.
It will give us the chance to keep an eye on them and maybe we will be able to find out if it’s safe for her to return home.
Not that Asteria is as optimistic about that as I am.
I crash on my bed to get a few hours of sleep before informing Dad about what Minerva and I have been doing at night and about our guests hiding in the cluster.
It doesn’t take me long to drift off to sleep, and for the first time since my rejection, I sleep without dreaming.
As I slowly open my eyes, I realize I slept straight through.
Even though it still hurts thinking about Damien, I know that Minerva and I will survive.
I walk into the bathroom to take a shower, and after that, I get dressed, ready to face the world again.
Everyone acts as if I haven’t been avoiding them for days as I walk into the dining room.
After I sit down, I tell Dad that I need to talk to him with all of our leadership Wolves.
Alastor sits beside me, placing his hand on my knee, giving me the calm I need as I see some females staring and whispering about me.
I stand in front of the window, looking at some Pups playing on the lawn to the left of our Pack house, and I wish I could see Inti running with them.
“Dad, I know everyone is aware of what happened.
I don’t want to talk about it, but I have to tell you how Minerva has been dealing with it,” I say.
Turning around, I see that everyone is waiting for me to start talking.
“The Rogues that were found near our borders were Minerva’s doing.
It was the only way for her to deal with everything without hurting the ones we love.
” Mom wraps me in her arms, while Dad tells me he already suspected as much.
“Are you going to be okay?” Alastor asks as he hugs me, and I tell him that it will take time, but that I am already feeling better.
“Dad, there’s something else we need to talk about.
Did the Elders or the Council send a message about Little Crescent Pack?” I ask him, and he nods.
He hands me the message, and the more I read, the angrier Minerva becomes.
“Amarah, what’s going on?” he asks, as everyone can feel the anger radiating from my body.
I take a few deep breaths, trying to calm Minerva down.
“The contents of this message are a bunch of lies,” I respond.
“Khonsu’s Brother didn’t die in a Rogue attack.
Khonsu killed him and tried to forcefully mark Luna Asteria.
He also tried to kill her Pup, Inti, but he failed at that as Luna Asteria protected him.
Khonsu always wanted what his Brother had, even as little Pups.
When his Brother found his fated Mate, Khonsu tried to s*** Asteria, but she told her Mate about what Khonsu had tried to do, and he removed Khonsu from the Pack house to protect his Mate.
Luna Asteria managed to escape her Pack’s territory with Inti.
She kept running until she was too exhausted to continue and took shelter in the cluster of trees and boulders near our eastern border.
She is fully healed now, and she and Inti are doing much better than the night I met them,” I say as I look at my Father.
We discuss the options we have, and Dad decides that I’m right.
With Asteria hiding in no-man’s land, we won’t be lying if we say that she is not in our Pack’s territory.
Instead of having a meeting in front of the Pack house, Dad links the entire Pack at once and explains the situation.
Everyone is ordered to keep her presence a secret, and with the Alpha command in place, I know Asteria and Inti are safe.
I follow Dad out of his office, and I’m surprised to see that an Omega is putting clothes, toys, and other items into a bag.
“Alpha, some of our Pack members have brought supplies for Luna Asteria and Inti.
Where would you like me to put them?” she asks, and I smile as Dad tells her to put them in his office.
He informs me that he will accompany me tonight.
Our Head Warrior approaches me and Dad to tell us that every Warrior has volunteered to visit them at night and to bring them whatever they need.
Happiness and pride fill my heart as I realize that our Pack considers them as one of our own.
That night, I visit Asteria with my Dad, and when we tell her what’s going on in our Pack, she rewards us with a smile.
Inti is happy with his toys and clothes, Asteria is happy with the support she’s been given, and she tells me that for the first time since her Mate was killed, she feels calm again.
We have all fallen into a routine that works for us.
Asteria and Inti have their day and night rhythms reversed—they sleep during the day and are awake at night.
Pack members take turns teaching Inti everything he would normally learn in school and helping Asteria with whatever they can.
Khonsu is still searching for her and sticks to his story, even though most Packs have found inconsistencies with it.
The Elders are not eager to give him any information, and so far, no one has shown up on our doorstep to ask about Asteria and Inti.
We received a message from Council member Boaz, stating that Khonsu was still searching for Asteria and that they had questioned him about the events of that night.
He refused to come in, using his search for Asteria as an excuse, but the Council is not giving him much time to dodge them.
Two weeks after Damien rejected me, he informed the Elders that he had found his Mate, and that set off a new string of sleepless nights for me, while Minerva once again took to hunting down Rogues and shredding them to pieces.
Dad had a video conference with the Elders and a Council member the day he found out what happened.
When Damien reported finding his Mate, they called Dad to ask what I wanted to do.
Dad told them to leave it as it was—that his Pack would feel the consequences one day.
Realizing I needed something to take my mind off Damien, Dad told me he was stepping down, and that gave me enough to keep me busy.
I had been trained by Dad for years, and I knew I could handle the job, but I was nervous nonetheless.
Today is the day I will take over from my Father, and we both know that some of our allied Alphas will not agree with him.
They may or may not break their alliance with us, but truth be told, I don’t care, and neither does my Father.
Alastor has been over the moon, to say the least.
I don’t understand why, as I am becoming Alpha and not him.
Alastor once told me and Dad that he was glad Dad didn’t believe only a male could take the position of Alpha.
When we asked him why, he smiled and said, “I don’t have the patience to deal with crap.
” Dad and I had laughed our a*** off because it’s true that Alastor lacks patience in some areas.
Alpha Drew and Luna Jess are the first to arrive.
After just one look at me, they both know that I will be taking over instead of Alastor.
###Chapter 5
Amarah My eyes shift from left to right and back again as I keep an eye out for Rogues.
Our patrols on the eastern border have been tightened after three Rogues managed to cross into our neighbor’s territory.
I have a clear view of their border across the clearing, as do all the Warriors on border patrol.
I can still hear Dad roar the morning he was informed by Alpha Damon that three Rogues had entered their territory and killed two of his Pack members.
Dad called every Warrior who had been on patrol into his office, but no one had seen any Rogues.
Dad, his Beta, and his Gamma went over everything, but they found nothing out of the ordinary.
When they finally emerged from his office, Dad told us what had happened.
After dinner, I snuck into his office to take a look for myself.
I couldn’t see anything wrong either, but I wanted to find an answer for Dad, so I asked my best friends for a sleepover.
The moment the door to my room was closed, they asked me what I needed them to do, and I knew I had made the right decision.
After I told them everything, they were lost in thought for a while.
It only took a few minutes before one of them suggested we go out there ourselves to see how things worked on the job.
It took us about fifteen minutes to get ready.
We snuck out of the Pack house after making sure everyone was asleep and quickly made our way to the eastern border to observe.
After watching the Warriors patrol for an hour, I knew what the problem was, and so did my best friends.
The next morning, we walked into my Dad’s office and told him that we knew how the Rogues had gotten past our Warriors.
Dad was furious, to say the least, about us sneaking out of the Pack house, but after he finished yelling at us, he asked us to explain it.
Our Warriors run the borders from north to south on the east side and patrol in a clockwise direction.
However, as they near the south border, they all take a shortcut, leaving a blind spot in their patrol right where the Rogues crossed into our neighbor’s territory.
Now Dad was not only furious at us for sneaking out, but he was also pissed off at the Warriors for cutting corners and endangering the lives of innocents.
He called every Warrior not on border patrol to the Pack house, and those on patrol were included through the mind-link.
“As some of you may have heard, three Rogues crossed the west border of Dark Mountain Pack and killed two of their Pack members.
We couldn’t find anything wrong with our border runs, and I can assure you that your Beta, your Gamma, and I went over everything.
Our Pups were the ones who pointed out how they were able to cross the border without being spotted.
They watched you for an hour last night, and each one of you takes a shortcut from the eastern border to the southern border.
This will no longer be tolerated.
As of right now, you will run the borders as they are, and I will make sure that you are randomly checked.
Am I making myself clear?” The look on his face was murderous, and the Warriors all answered with “Yes, Alpha.
” Ever since that day, our Warriors have been running the borders the way they were meant to, but I also asked them if there was anything they would change if they could.
One of those ideas was something I could work with.
It was one of our older Warriors who told me that in his former Pack, they had set up watch points along their borders as well as Warriors on patrol.
I took his idea to Dad and shared my thoughts on it.
Together, we fine-tuned the idea before presenting it to his Beta and Gamma.
And right now, I’m sitting in one of those spots along our border.
They are not in plain sight, which is why Rogues have not been able to cross either border again.
My bow and arrows are within reach, and I’m an excellent shot with a hundred percent accuracy, killing every Rogue that comes into my sight.
Everyone who has ever met my Dad says the same thing: he is fair, strict, and deadly when necessary.
Everyone who has ever met my Mom says she is caring, sweet, and a peacekeeper, but warns never to cross her because she can become worse than Dad.
Dad always says it’s the Alpha blood running through her veins.
I see movement across the clearing and know it’s one of their Warriors on border patrol.
I still haven’t figured out how they conduct their patrols, and truth be told, I don’t really care.
But I do wonder if they’re aware that we have stopped dozens of Rogues since that night.
“Alpha, you have a visitor,” I hear my Beta say through the mind-link.
I tell the Warriors with me that I’m heading back to the Pack house for some Pack business.
They both nod but don’t take their eyes off the clearing.
Before heading to the Pack house, I step out of the tree line and look in the direction of a small cluster of trees and boulders.
I know who lives there, and so does every Warrior in my Pack, but we don’t mention it to outsiders as it might put her life at risk.
I know who my visitor is, but I don’t know why he’s here.
I’ve been thinking about his reason for showing up ever since he announced his visit.
No answer has come to mind, but I guess I’ll find out soon enough why he’s gracing me with a visit.
As I walk back to the Pack house, I pass many of my Pack members.
Like my Father, I greet each one of them as I pass.
I smile at the antics of a little Pup and catch him just before he tumbles down.
“Thank you, Alpha,” the little Pup says before I put him back on his feet.
One of my Deltas joins me as I near the back of the Pack house, and the two of us make our way to my official office on the ground floor.
I ask an Omega we pass if she can bring us some coffee, and she rushes off to the kitchen to comply with my request.
As I walk into my office, my visitor gets up out of his seat.
“Elder Ezra, please take a seat,” I say, and he sits back down in the chair he just got out of as I take a seat behind my desk.
“To what do we owe this pleasure, Elder?” I ask.
Elder Ezra pulls a file and an envelope from his bag and places them on my desk in front of me.
I stare at the envelope for a moment.
I know what’s in it just by looking at it, and I have to suppress the smile that wants to spread across my face.
I have only seen it once before, lying on this same desk over a decade ago when my Father was still the Alpha.
I have been waiting for this day ever since I took over from my Father, and I know I will enjoy this very much, as will my Wolf.
“Alpha, in the file you’ll find a list of the Packs that have been invited as well.
All the rules, regulations, and conditions are in there, along with my number, just in case you still have unanswered questions,” he says as he gets out of his seat.
“Thank you, Elder Ezra.
I will read it all and contact you if something is unclear to me,” I say as I shake his hand.
I guide him out of the Pack house to his car and watch him drive off.
A smirk appears on my face as soon as he is out of sight.
“That’s about damn time,” my Gamma mumbles, and we all start laughing.
We walk back to my office, and as we’re about to enter, one of the Omegas walks out, telling me she has placed the coffee in my office as she heads back to the kitchen.
I sit down in my favorite armchair facing my desk, while my Beta, Gamma, and Deltas sit on the couches to my left and right.
The five of us grew up together—if you saw one of us, the rest were soon to follow, making it easy for our parents to find us.
I open the envelope, already knowing what’s inside: an invitation to the Alpha bloodline competition.
The smirk on my face gets bigger as I pull it out.
I have been waiting a long time for this moment, and I will enjoy putting all those cocky Alphas and their siblings in their place.
The Alpha bloodline competition is held every year for a select few Packs.
They get invited by the Elders and get to beat the crap out of each other legally.
Every person from an Alpha bloodline in that Pack is allowed to enter the competition.
The Council doesn’t interfere with this competition, even though they love the fights between the Alphas, and some of them even come to see the invited Alphas fight.
Our King has never shown his face at the competition, and Dad doubts he ever will.
I read through all the rules and regulations for the competition.
The more I read, the bigger the smile on my face becomes, and I know everyone present in my office can tell that I’ve found a way for the participants to underestimate me.
The first name drawn for a match is allowed the first move, either shifting fully to Wolf form or a Half-shift.
However, it doesn’t state that their opponent has to follow their lead—they just can’t shift to Wolf form if their opponent chooses a Half-shift, or vice versa.
###Chapter 6
Amarah Someone clearing their throat pulls my attention away from the document I am reading and I look into the face of one of my best friends They know how to read my face and right now they can tell I have found something that has made my day When I took over from my Father five years ago a lot of Alphas had been shocked and one Alpha never acknowledged the change in leadership Not that I would have been pleased if he had contacted me and I dont know how I would have reacted Most Highranking W
olves give their position to their Sons even if they have a firstborn Daughter In the history of my Pack there have been two other females that could take over the Alpha title from their Father but both decided they didnt want to I on the other hand have always known that I wanted the title when the time came and with my Fathers Beta Gamma and Deltas also having first born Daughters all our Highestranking positions are filled by females Five years ago my Father stepped down as Alpha and when the
Elders had sent out the notification to every Pack some Alphas had torn up the alliance we had with them It didnt bother me as it was something my Father and I had expected Of the nine alliances we had four that were broken when I took over but the other five stayed loyal as each of their Alphas had seen me grow up and they knew I would be as good an Alpha as my Father had been One of those Packs lives to the south of us and together we keep an eye on the nomans land between our Pack territorie
s lThat clearing is used by anyone that wants to travel from one side of our Pack territories to the other side and most of those travelers have no ill intentions but some are Rogues that will try to get onto our Pack territory They only get one warning if that doesnt scare them off they die I know that not all Rogues are bad and the ones that have no ill intentions are also the ones that only need one warning the others dont care whether they life or die as long as they think there is something
to gain However history has taught us all that at a certain point they all become lose cannons No matter how hard one tries if you are without a Pack to long you lose your Human side completely and those are the dangerous ones There are various reasons for someone to become a Rogue most of them end up as Rogues because they were banished from their Packs for crimes they committed and some of them become Rogues because they had no other choice My Father and I have both taken in Rogues on a trial
period and all of them became a full Packmember after their trial period was over Those that didnt get a trial period because of the crimes they committed were told to leave or be killed My Beta is the one that pulled me from the document and she is looking at me with a questioning look in her eyes I smile at her before I decide to answer her Melia Rhea and Eos are as curious as Ione is and experience has taught me that if I dont answer them they will keep nagging until I give in My Beta Ione m
y Gamma Melia and my Deltas Rhea and Eos are also twenty six the five of us were born within the same week and joined at the hip from birth We slept in the same room until we turned sixteen but now we have our own room in my Quarters on the top floor of the Packhouse Once one of us finds her Mate depending who it is that person will move out of my Quarters into their own If I am the first one to find my Mate they will all move into Iones Quarters and so on and so on We know one and other better 
than we sometimes know ourselves just a look from one of them is enough to tell me what is on their minds and I know that I am an open book to them as well Which sometimes is a blessing in disguise but in other situations it can be a pain in the behind I quickly tell them what I have uncovered and they all have a smirk on their face knowing I will knock them down a few nudges You need to start training not that you dont train enough Eos is quick to say and I know exactly what she means Male Alph
as are bigger then I am they also think they are faster and stronger I will prove to them that I am faster and because of that I will be able to get punches in before they can see them coming
A knock on the door interrupts our meeting and Melia is the one that walks over to open the door Hello Alastor what is it She asks the moment she sees my baby Brother on the other side of the door and she steps aside to let him in I heard an Elder dropped by and I hoped to find out if you were finally invit
ed He says as he looks at me I nod my head and a smile crosses his face Unlike me he doesnt want to partake in the competition but he has his reasons for wanting me to go wvAlastor sits down in the armchair opposite of mine as if he belongs in this meeting he doesnt but it doesnt stop him and I dont mind if he sits in on this one The bond between the two of us is very strong and tight as it has been since the day he was born Mom sometimes asks us what will happen if either of us doesnt like the 
others Mate and Alastor and I always say the same thing I will reject my Mate which always makes Mom growl and Dad laughs his a*** off every single time Neither one of us will ever reject our Mate it is not the way we were raised and we both understand the importance of our Mate It is one of the reasons why we are the largest and strongest Pack there is every male and female in our bloodline were fated Mates and that only makes a bloodline stronger How much time do you have he asks and I tell him
that the competition is three weeks from today I will increase my training and I know that every Warrior in my Pack will help me in any way they can Do you have any idea which other Packs have been invited Rhea asks and we all know why she asks we are all hoping that two certain Packs will be there Two Packs that for different reasons are on our shitlist I grab the envelop with the invitation and with it is a list of all the Packs that are invited this year At the top of the list is the first P
ack that is on our shitlist Dark Mountain Pack and halfway down the list is the other one Hollow Moon Pack It looks like this is our lucky day both of them are on the list Lets see what the rest of the rules and regulations tell us about how this works I say as I grab the document of my lap and I start reading through it once again On the first day there will be three matches at the same time each Wolf fights two matches and with the ratings of those matches it is determined who will drop out of
the competition Knock out will give you the highest score in a match Two knock outs in the first round means you skip the fights on the second day while the rest has to determine that day who else will drop out On the third day only one match at the time tap out or get knocked out during those matches and you drop out immediately If the amount of participants is insufficient to fill the third day there will be a one hour break before the next rounds start If you lose the match you are out of th
e competition and the rounds will continue until one Alpha is left standing I say after I have read the document Alastor starts counting the amount of Wolves that could participate in this competition he writes down the number of males and females per Pack that are of an Alpha bloodline and if all of them will enter the competition this could last the entire week the Elders have picked Ready for dinner Baby Girl Dad asks through the mindlink We will be there in a minute I reply and as I look at 
Alastor I already know Mom has linked him at the same time The six of us stand up as one and Melia bursts out in laughter I sit down at the head of the table as Ione sits down to my right the chair on my left stays empty and Melia sits down in the chair next to it Rhea takes her seat next to Ione as Eos sits down next to Melia Mom and Dan sit next to Rhea while Alastor sits down next to Eos with the chair next to him staying empty Officially the chairs to the left of Melia and Eos should stay em
pty just like the chairs to the right of Ione and Rhea The empty chairs symbolize the lack of a Mate by our side and after discussing it we decided to only leave two chairs empty Omegas walk into the dining room with plates filled with food while others places dishes on the table filed with even more food and by the time we are done every plate and dish will be empty Once everyone has a plate the Omegas sit down at their own table
###Chapter 7
Theseus My eyes stare at nothing in particular as I stand in front of the floor to ceiling windows of my office Behind me I hear the voices of my best friends as we are waiting for the Elder to be escorted to my office My baby Brother Damien already told me he hoped it was the invitation for the Alpha bloodline competition and his Mate Penelope had looked at him while she said he would end in the top five at least My Delta Xanthos had turned around just to make sure he wouldnt laugh in her face 
my Beta Ajax had not hidden his laughter and her reaction to it had been hilarious My Gamma Apollo and my Delta Midas had kept a straight face but I knew they were struggling to keep their laughter inside A knock on the door makes me turn around as Apollo walks to the door to open it and Elder Ezra walks in with a smile on his face Alpha Theseus thank you for making time for me He says and I gesture to the chair in front of my desk I sit down behind my desk as Elder Ezra sits down as well he gra
bs a file and an envelop out of his bag and all of us know what this is about Damien had been right it is the invitation to the Alpha bloodline competition and I know that he will enter Elder Ezra doesnt stay long as he still has a few other Packs to visit and I for one am grateful that he is gone quickly Ajax grabs the file from my hand as soon as the door closes behind Elder Ezra and he starts reading the rules and regulations With Damien entering the competition this will be the first time in
decades that a member of my family will participate in the competition and I am not sure if I should curse him for it or be proud of him for taking a chance Theseus open the envelop There is a list of Packs in there and maybe we can determine how long this shindig will take or make bets on how long Damien will last Ajax says with a smirk on his face sending all of us in a fit of laughter I pull the list from the envelop as someone knocks on the door this time it is Damien that walks in and the 
moment his eyes land on the envelop he yells Yes Apollo tells him to sit down so Ajax can go over the rules and regulations For once he actually sits down and listens as Ajax reads the document to him surprising me as he even asks a few questions Damien thanks Ajax and after that he leaves my office with a huge smile on his face I open the list of Packs that will also receive an invitation and my Pack is at the top of the list I read every Pack name out loud as Xanthos writes down the number of 
Wolves from an Alpha bloodline Three of the Packs on the list are allies and I know I will at least show up for the first round just to see how they are doing Last on the list is White Cresent Pack I say and four heads snap in my direction They are the largest and strongest pack and I remember why Dad didnt participate last time our Pack got invited wAlpha Atlas is a force to be reckoned with and Dad didnt want to get embarrassed by losing to the guy Okay that is at least one How many Pups does 
he have Xanthos asks and for a moment I am at a loss for words I wouldnt know if and how many Pups he has I link my Dad and he tells me that he has two Pups at least and that one of them is female When I tell Xanthos he writes down two and I ask him how many that totals to If our calculations are correct this could take the week the Elders picked and now I am glad I didnt want to enter any way Rogues are a daily problem for us and I want to spend as less time away from my Pack as possible I know
almost every Pack deals with them on a regular basis However I never received a request for help from White Cresent Pack none of my allies have ever been asked for help by them as well and sometimes I want to watch their eastern border to see if I can figure out why they never call for help My name is Theseus I am a thirty year old Werewolf and the Alpha of Dark Mountain Pack My Pack is the second largest and strongest Pack there is and according to the history of our bloodline chosen Mates are
the reason for the decrease in strength
My parents are chosen Mates unlike my Grandparents fated Mates are the best thing for every Wolf and as far as I know every Pup is raised that way If it had been up to my parents Damien and I would have been raised with the believes that a chosen Mate is the best option Luckily my Grandparents from my Fathers side didnt allow it and to this day I am still grateful for that When I was twenty I met my fated Mate and ever since that day I wondered how my par
ents could have settled for anything less but then tragedy struck in the form of three Rogues They had gotten on to our territory by crossing the western border and they had run in to my Mate and her best friend they had r*** and killed them before they were caught I still feel the anger inside me even though it has been nine years and Apollos hand on my shoulder pulls me from my thoughts Calm down Theseus Just breath He says and as I concentrate on my breathing I feel myself calm down They all
know how much her death has affected me and I am grateful for their support through all of it Ajax distracts me by telling me that Damien has three weeks to get ready and I know that Damien will be cocky and arrogant going into that competition I take more after our Fathers side of the family while Damien takes more after our Mothers side of the family Damien can handle this on his own he wants to participate in the competition I just hope he understands that he will have to train more than he 
does now if he doesnt I believe he will not make it through the first round I say as I sit down in one of the armchairs Okay do you want to make a bet on that Ajax asks and Apollo says he will tap out in both matches during the first round Xanthos is with Apollo and so am I Midas and Ajax think he will be dropped in the second round wwocXanthos writes down when each of us believes he will be dropped and how before he writes down what we are betting for and Apollo suggest that who ever wins the b
et gets to give the money to a charity of his choice We all agree to that as we have enough money to spend The rest of the afternoon is spend with discussing border patrols and training schedules for the entire week By the time an Omega links me for dinner we have made chances to increase the number of men running our northern eastern and southern border and a few chances to the training schedule to free some time for Damien I am in a good mood as I walk into the dining room but it quickly turns
a hundred and eighty degrees as I see Penelope sitting in the seat to the left of my seat She is unaware of the fact that I entered the room and she keeps chatting to the girl standing behind my seat Not even the fact that every other conversation has stopped makes her aware and as soon as her friend sees me approaching she pales moving away from my seat with her head bowed down What the f*** are you doing in that seat I hiss through gritted teeth and Penelope smiles up at me as if she has no c
lue as to what she did wrong Theseus there you are We have all been waiting for you how long does Damien have until the competition she asks as she gives me an innocent smile I dont have to say a word as Apollo grabs her upper arm and yanks her out of the chair before he pushes her towards Damien Damien this is the last warning Tell your Mate to stay out of that chair or next time she will end up in the dungeons Apollo growls Damien doesnt argue with him as he knows damn well that Apollo has my 
approval and I hope that Penelope will finally learn her place within this family When Damien came home with Penelope over five years ago I was happy for him and I actually believed they were meant to be Six months later their Pup Joseph was born and I thought that smile would never leave his face again but nowadays I wonder if they are actually fated Mates If I have to believe the rumors they cheat on each other every chance they get and that is impossible if they are fated Mates Four year old 
Joseph pulls me from my thoughts as he calls Thees Thees and runs towards me with his arms open wide I grab him by his waist and lift him above my head as he squeals loudly making me smile up at him This little Pup is the only good thing that came from Damien and Penelope Penelope keeps her eyes on me and the longer she keeps staring the more it irks me making me feel uneasy
###Chapter 8
Amarah Eos get the Warriors to the clearing I say as I approach the group of women near the training ground Eos and Rhea dont hesitate a moment and instruct the Warriors I want to assess through the mindlink while I walk over to Ione and Melia to have them follow me to the clearing The clearing is a s*** of nomans land between our Pack and that of our neighbors we use it to assess our new Warriors or to train them to build up their speed We also keep an eye on it during our patrols because it i
s the perfect way for rogues to try to get access to our territory vThe clearing runs from our northern border to our southern border making it our eastern border not that any rogue has been able to penetrate our borders and if it is up to me they never will For the next three weeks I will not only use the clearing to train our Warriors but also to prepare myself for the Alpha bloodline competition I step into the clearing and my eyes get drawn to the western border of Dark Mountain Pack in the 
past ten years we have only seen someone of their Pack a handful of times Okay Gentlemen Today we play capture the flag and I want you to talk strategy with Eos and Rhea once the first one of you comes for me you have an hour to get the flag from me I promise you I will do everything I can to keep the damn thing So good luck I say as I walk away from the group with Ione and Melia An hour later I am still the proud owner of the flag and every Warrior is flat on their back trying to catch their br
eath They did a hell of a job but I am just too fast for them and I have to admit that I know they will never succeed Even my friends have never been successful not even with the help of Alastor For the past four days we have played capture the flag three times a day and every day the amount of Warriors that join gets bigger Eos told them on the second day why I used this type of training and each and every member of my Pack wants to help me get ready Twice a day I play it with my Warriors just 
to improve myself and them and they are becoming fanatics Once a day with the Pups all of them love the running around and their Mothers stand on our border cheering them on Mom and Dad have joined them twice already and the huge smile on Moms face is a sight for sore eyes This morning the group of Warriors is the biggest that it has ever been and I laugh as I see them arguing with Eos and Rhea on what might be the best way to try and grab the flag Lets make this a bit more interesting How many 
knifes do you think I can nick I ask Ione and Melia through our mindlink and I hear their giggles as they are thinking about my question Ione thinks maybe one or two and Melia thinks I might manage to grab five knifes There are eighteen Warriors in the clearing and all of them carry at least one knife in their belt so the minimum could be eighteen if I can take one from each of them As Eos and Rhea walk in our direction I ask them the same question through the mindlink mRhea agrees with Melia bu
t Eos thinks that I might be able to grab six knifes and I smile at their lack of confidence in me A twig snapping to my left has me on high alert and the same goes for everyone in the clearing with me but I see it is a Warrior of Dark Mountain Pack Suddenly five more men step forward and I hear Eos say through the mindlink Yummy and we burst out in laughter Okay if you Gentlemen are ready I suggest you start Rhea calls out to our Warriors nmI step away from the group as the Warriors spread out 
and slowly make their way over to me Myles is the first one to lunge at me but I had already seen it coming and I quickly step aside He slams into the ground face first and I hear Ione call out Ouch as two Warriors try next I run around them I jump over them and slide under them Melia whistles as the hour has passed and I grab the flag from my belt with a huge smile on my face Sorry guys I didnt lose anything I shout as I walk towards Melia Unfortunately you all did lose something And the girls 
hold up all the knifes that I took from them Nestor bursts out in laughter as he realizes that I took both his knifes and each Warrior is looking from the knifes to me and back again not understanding how I managed to do that
Theseus Yesterday one of our Warriors told me that members of White Cresent Pack are using the clearing between our Packs for training and this morning I told my Warriors to warn me if they showed up again I dont mind them using it but I was wondering why they didnt use the
ir own training grounds Alpha they are back at the clearing One of my Warriors informs me and I tell my men to follow me Damien has been training a little bit more than usual but not as much as I think he should and I have a feeling he will not make it through the first round As we approach our western border we can hear chatter coming from the clearing and most of the voices belong to males but as we clear the treeline I can see a few females with them The females are standing together and so a
re the males making me wonder what is going on Those are Warriors of White Cresent Pack Theseus Including the women look at the emblem on their jacket Apollo states and after looking at all of them I agree with him these are Warriors One of the females shouts out to the males and another female steps away from her group One of the females on the sideline calls out Ouch as one of the males hits the ground and we all chuckle as Ajax mumbles Beginners luck Soon after that he mumbles F*** as we see 
the female dodge all the males attempts to get a hold of her The one with the auburn hair is a Deltas Daughter I met her when she was about twelve years old and the one with jet black hair is the Gammas Daughter Apollo says Xanthos tells us that the female with light brown hair is the Betas Daughter and the female with dark brown hair is also a Deltas Daughter Who is the female with ash blond hair Josh one of my Warriors asks and none of us can answer that question The blow of a whistle draws ou
r attention back to the clearing and every Warrior is laying on his back as the female pulls something from behind her Capture the Flag Josh says and I have to admit he is right they were never meant to grab her They were meant to grab the flag but failed miserably and I am stunned when I see the other females holding up hands full of knifes Every Warrior is checking their belts and it looks like she not only held on to the flag but also took all of their knifes away from them Xanthos is laughin
g his a*** off as he watches the stunned looks on the Warriors faces and I watch as one of the Warriors approaches her he bows his head as he speaks to her All the males show her deep respect and Midas thinks she might be the Daughter of their Head Warrior The way she holds herself tells me she is a Highranking Wolf so he might be right as a Head Warrior is considered a Highranking Wolf Suddenly the clearing is completely quiet and as I lift my head I see that all of them are gone I strain my eye
s to see if I can still spot them but it is of no use and I see surprised looks on the others as well They had not noticed them leaving either and a part of me feels relieved that I wasnt the only one that missed it I chuckle as I look at my best friends Shortly after lunch Josh links me again to tell me that they are back but this time with a bunch of Pups and I tell him to just ignore them as we already know why they are using the clearing I put my focus back on the paperwork in front of me bu
t my mind keeps wandering back to the female in the clearing I still havent been able to find out who she is not even my Father could tell me after I described her and I know he has met most of their members when he still ran our Pack My Father had looked rather surprised when I had told him during lunch what we had seen For a moment I even thought he didnt believe me but my men confirming my story changed the look on his face and he had quickly changed the subject when Damien joined us cI wasnt
the only one that noticed and Xanthos was the one that asked through our mindlink what that was all about but I knew as much as he did
###Chapter 9
nmChapter 9 Asylum Amarah I watch from the treeline as the men finally pull their attention back to the clearing and I almost burst out in laughter at the dumbfounded look on their faces they didnt even notice we left I see one of them focused on our treeline but I know he will not be able to find me As I step away from my hiding spot I throw one more look over my shoulder before I head back to my office and engulf myself with the paperwork that is waiting for me if I get the chance to start wor
king that is I know my best friends studied the man candy across the clearing and they will tell me who they think they are I had only glanced at them for a second and the only thing I can tell you is that they are tall and broad but I wouldnt be able to point them out to you As I close the door of my office I see that my friends are already sloughed down on the couches and before I get the chance to sit down behind my desk Eos says Those were Highranking members of Dark Mountain Pack I met Xant
hos the one with light brown hair in a small town on the other side of their territory Ione nods her head and confirms that they had met him also telling us that the blond guy and dark brown haired guy were Alpha Theseus Beta and Gamma That makes Xanthos his Delta Ione asks out loud who the other two are and I ask her to describe the two The first one she describes is a Warrior according to Melia and when she starts describing the last man I know immediately who he is Alpha Theseus himself Eos c
alls dips on him and I wish her luck in trying to get his attention Story is that it was his Mate that got killed that night and he doesnt want a chosen Mate if he cant find his second chance Mate which leaves the Pack for Damiens Son if he dies without an heir I say and I hear the girls growl at my words or should I say his name I shut out the conversation that is heading in the direction of Mates and today I dont feel like participating in it I ignore their voices as I read through the first f
ile on my desk Talking about Mates is a topic I have avoided for the past five years and I doubt it will get easier as more years pass For most Werewolves my single status is strange but it is just the way things are and so far it doesnt bother me My Pack is not worried about the fact that their leaders have not found their Mates yet and as Iones Mom always says the Goddess probably needs to find strong matches for us Being an Alpha makes me dominant in everything I do and that tends to scare aw
ay any male I never care what anyone thinks of me and if anyone feels the urge to tell me how they feel about me they quickly find out that I am not a push over I have broken quiet a few bones growing up and I never regretted any of them but after I turned sixteen it was as if a switch was flipped in my head I was able to control my temper but it also made me more intimidating as my face showed the anger or aggression I felt and that scared off even more males Dad started my training when I was 
seven years old after my first outburst an allied Pack had been visiting and the Alpha had taken his Sons with him Both of them were arrogant and annoying but 113 13 1257 Fri Aug 16 xi Chapter 9 Asylum 5 Pearls when they told me I would never be allowed to take over from my Dad as I was a weak female hell broke loose Both of them ended up in the infirmary while lone and I had laughed our a*** off and Dad had tried to play peacemaker with the boys Their Father however demanded to know from his S
ons what they had done and once they had told him everything he had told them it served them right He did suggest to Dad that he would start my training to give me an outlet for my anger and to make sure I would know how to throw a punch without immediately breaking bones Both boys grew up respecting me as a female and as an Alpha and now a days we have a good relationship with mutual respect Both of them found their Mates in the past few years and their Mates keep them on a short leach not tole
rating any bullshit from them Mom sometimes asks me if I would consider a chosen Mate but just one look from me and she puts her hands up in surrender It is not that Mom wants me to take a chosen Mate but she would understand if I would ever start thinking about it A chosen Mate doesnt give you the bond your fated Mate gives you you dont feel the pain of their betrayal or their pain from injuries and most end up cheating on one and other In my Pack no one has a chosen Mate not because I wouldnt 
allow it but because they all know the value of your fated Mate
If you see a couple their actions towards one and other will tell you if they are fated or chosen Mates chosen Mates will be able to sit next to one and other without touching and for fated Mates it is the total opposite If they cant touch one and other when or wherever they want they will get frustrated and annoyed they cant stand being separated for long A male cant stand it if another male looks at his Mate or tries to touch her 
and that can result in arguments and fights The same goes for a female but somehow we are able to keep up a front in public and once no one is around all hell will break lose I have only heard stories about those kinds of fights but if they are anywhere near the truth I believe it is best to stay away from a male with a fated Mate If I have to guess my response will probably be worse than the stories I heard and someone might end up losing their life oAlpha lunch is served Ione calls out and I a
m glad that she pulled me from this file it is making me grumpy to say the least Thanks Ione After lunch we need to discuss this file and after that it is time for the Pups to play I say as I get out of my seat and all four of them nod their head in acknowledgement Alastor and Dad are discussing the competition as they have done since the invitation arrived and I chuckle as I hear Alastor ask if it is possible to rig the draw Son why the hell would anyone want to do that Mom asks loudly and ever
y conversation quiets down to listen nMom we all know that Amarah wants to kick two a*** in particular and if she can do that in the first round she will be clear from the second round We all know she will knock both of them out and regulations states that she is through to round three if that happens He says without blinking his eyes Within seconds everyone is discussing if it can be done and what would be the best way to get it done soon the most outrages things are suggested Mom is laughing 
her a*** off at every comment she hears and I listen to it as I eat my lunch without taking any of it seriously Mom knows I would never cheat and ricing the drafy would he the came o cheating Tone koe and 23 1257 Fri Aug 16 ti G mChapter 9 Asylum 77 5 Pearls Rhea have a few ideas of their own and soon they are in the midst of a heavy discussion except for Melia she is awfully quiet She is deep in thought and I cant help myself from wondering what is going through that head of hers Once lunch is o
ver I walk back to my office and I know that my friends are right behind me I grab the file of my desk and sit down in my armchair indicating to the girls that this is serious business Within seconds the room is quiet and I open the file I am holding in my hand The Alpha of Rock Moon Pack has asked for our help he has a young woman at his Pack that needs asylum She is a Betas Daughter of a neighboring Pack and she fled to his Pack when her Father tried to force a chosen Mate on her Like us he do
esnt think anyone should settle for a chosen Mate and after he heard her story he nearly lost it luckily his Son was able to calm him down or he would have gone to war He doesnt want trouble with his neighbors but he also doesnt want to send her packing His Brother will be passing by our Pack in a few days and he is willing to take her with him if we are willing to grant her asylum I already knew what their answer would be when I first read the file and their growls and roars proofs to me that I
know them as I know myself Valready send him a message that she will be more than welcome here if she wants to make the move up here I also asked him if she had had the chance to pack anything or if we needed to prepare more than just a room I say and I see smiles appear on their faces They know I only told them to prepare them for the woman and wouldnt be caught of guard by her story Send Gifts 450
###Chapter 10
Alpha Amarah Chapter 10 Missing Theseus I am getting more annoyed by the minute Damien seems to think he has already won the competition and Penelope is not helping him with her constant praise of how good he is He has beaten every opponent so far but then again he has picked the lightweights among our Warriors He wouldnt stand a chance if he went up against Ajax or Apollo hell even Josh is able to kick his a*** and he is not even the best Warrior I have Ever since the invitation came I have been
watching Damien and Penelope a little bit closer and I start to fear that the rumors around the Pack bear some truth I confided in my men about my thoughts and like me they didnt want to believe it but there are some signs that contradict their claim of being fated Mates I just hope they didnt lie to me about it or it would have severe consequences for both of them Ajax calls Josh over for a match against Damien but as I suspected Damien knows he doesnt have a chance against Josh and he tells A
jax he needs to finish the rest of his training schedule He takes off running towards the forest at the back of our Pack and I see a smirk on Ajaxs face I knew he didnt train as much as he is telling everyone well not the kind of training that matters He tells m and I smile widely at his assertion Penelope sits down next to me and asks me if I can talk to Damien He is so busy training that he barely has time for me and Joseph She says She puts her hand on my arm and as I look down at her I see t
hat her eyes are on my crotch Her head is bent down but I am still able to see that her eyes are filled with l*** and I almost growl loudly at the woman This definitely is the last piece of the puzzle and I quickly link Xanthos and Ajax eooI know they will be watching us and once I am done with this conversation they will confirm what I already suspect Why isnt he making time for you and Joseph Penelope I ask He still has two weeks before the competition so there is no need for him to neglect yo
u or Joseph She moves a little closer to me and I have to restrain myself from moving away from her I dont know Theseus She answers and this time I am actually paying attention as she speaks She is definitely trying to get some response out of me as her eyes are still on my crotch Alpha you have a meeting in an hour That leaves you with just enough time to shower and change into something less smelly Xanthos says as he walks towards me and Penelope lets her hand slide of my arm mWe walk back to 
the Packhouse and as we walk up the stairs I link Apollo and Midas telling them to meet us in my private office Ajax Xanthos and I quickly head to our rooms to take a shower and change into something clean and comfortable Apollo and Midas are talking about the competition as I walk in and moments later Xanthos and Ajax walk in We are sitting in the armchairs I put in here after I took over from Dad and I got rid of the couches he had these were much more comfortable Why did you call us here Mida
s asks and I like the fact that he never beats around the bush none of them will take the long way round if they can go there in a straight line Ajax tells them about Damien and his reaction when he had called Josh over 13 1257 Fri Aug 16 Chapter 10 Missing 5 Pearls I tell them about Penelope and Ajax and Xanthos confirm my suspicions of what I thought I saw making Midas burst out in laughter Apollo stares at him and it takes a few moments before he is able to explain himself She always put fema
les in their place when they talked about you and with that I mean sexual tinted comments I always thought she was looking out for you but apparently she was just scaring them away for her own benefit He says and we all go quiet thinking about what Midas just told us I dont think I have ever heard any conversation like that and by the looks on the others faces they have neither Midas tells us this was in the first few years after Damien found Penelope and I had been very busy with turning the Pa
ck to my vision I think back to those years and I have to admit to myself that I was to busy to notice something like that I probably would have ignored it anyway I never pay much attention to conversations that dont hold no interest for me
Ajax tells me we should keep an eye on Damien and Penelope and everyone agrees I shouldnt be left alone especially not with her around Do you think we should follow Damien around try to find out what is going on Ajax asks but Midas tells him that wont be nece
ssary Lask him why not because if they are chosen Mates handing over the Pack to Joseph will decrease our strength even further Because you dont have to hand over the Pack to Joseph you can wait for your second chance Mate or you can find someone else to take over It will be better than giving the title to Joseph and I believe if he takes over Damien will try to force his opinion on Joseph I am not saying this is true but I have always had the feeling that Damien was glad you never had an heir M
idas says Looking at Midas I nod my head it was something that I had wondered myself and I think the smile on Damiens face had nothing to do with his Son being born but with the fact that there was an heir to the Alpha title
A week has passed since we realized something was really off with Damien and Penelope and I am starting to wonder if I should start making other arrangements for the Alpha title Penelope keeps trying to get close to me and I am starting to lose patience with her
Josh links m
e that the Warriors of White Cresent Pack just walked into the clearing and I leave my office in a hurry wanting to see the female that has been plaguing my dreams Apollo and Ajax are right behind me and we meet Xanthos and Midas just before we reach the border The weather is nice and warm as we step out of the treeline and my jaw drops as my eyes get drown to Blondie I know not the nicest way to describe someone But we have no clue as to who she is so we refer to her as Blondie She is wearing b
lack battle gear with highheeled boots her ashblonde hair falls in a braid down her back and I see that the group of males consists of the bulkiest men you can imagine White Cresent Pack is known for their formidable Warriors and looking at the males I realize the stories are true oTwo females are talking with the males and their heads move to Blondie from time to time almost as if they are talking strategy Xanthos points out that there are many spectators on their border and I see a lot of Pups
sitting on the ground within their border making it a safe place for them to watch from The two females walk towards Blondie and her other friends and my evac nanrly non out of my head 23 Chapter 10 Missing 5 Pearls as she takes of her jacket revealing a very toned figure with black floral tattoos marking her arms and back She steps in front of the males with confidence standing with her legs spread slightly and her arms crossed in front of her chest As soon as the first male charges at her Lin
us starts growling in my head and I tell him to stop his overpossessive behavior not that it is helping much as I understand he doesnt like a male trying to take on a female She keeps ducking jumping and sliding as the males try to take the Flag from her but none of them is successful and Linus has a huge grin on his face the moment the whistle sounds Blondie triumphantly show them her Flag and the other females hold up the knifes she nicked from them The Pups are cheering and clapping but none 
of them speak her name and I feel disappointed that I am still unable to call her by her name Even if it is only in my dreams and with my friends she takes a bow towards the Pups and I have to suppress a g*** as her pants draw tight around her a*** Xanthos chuckles as she turns around and takes a bow in our direction Her emerald green eyes lock with my ocean blue eyes and for a moment I forget how to breath a smirk appears on her face before she gives me a glare filled with hate and anger What t
he f*** did you do to her Apollo asks but for the life of me I have no clue Her glare even made Linus whimper and I dont believe anyone has ever been able to do that I know I have never seen or met Blondie in my life and for that reason I have no idea why she looked at me with so much hatred and anger in her eyes My mind is running in circles as we walk back to the Packhouse but I still havent found an answer and I link my Father to ask him if I ever visited White Cresent Pack He tells me we nev
er received an invitation for any event since he had taken over from his Father and that admission leaves me with even more questions Back in my office Midas asks me if I have any idea and I tell them what my Father had told me What but we have an alliance with them Ajax exclaims I turn my chair around to open the filing cabinet behind my seat and start looking for the alliance agreement with White Cresent Pack An hour later we are all staring at the files on my desk but none of them contain an 
alliance agreement with White Cresent Pack
###Chapter 11
---- Amarah Alpha Mason of Rock Moon Pack finally called that his Brother was on his way, he had been unable to sneak out of the Packs territory as their neighbors had kept a close eye on everyone that entered or exited the territory.
Delia had turned eighteen the day before she fled to Rock Moon Pack and a chosen Mate had been her Father's birthday gift.
Mom has already prepared a room for her and knowing she didnt take much with her I asked Mom to go shopping for Delia, I didnt have to ask her that twice.
Alastor helped Mom to get her room ready and the only thing missing right now is its occupant.
We have four more days until the Alpha bloodline competition and I hope that the Goddess has heard everyone's prayers.
They want me to kick those nitwits out of the competition in the first round, Melia finally told me that I would be fighting the males I wanted to humiliate in the first round She explained to us how she was able to pull it off, I just hope her Cousin doesn't get caught in the process.
It turns out that her Cousin works for the Elders and he was more then willing to help Melia out, helping me out at the same time.
My very first match would be against Damien as Melia thought it was best he didnt get the chance to see me fight and I smile as I try to imagine the look on his face when he realizes what he threw away.
lone and Melias ---- Fathers have agreed to look after the Pack, to give their Daughters the chance to see me kick some a***.
The rumor mill says that Alpha Theseus and his Highest-ranking Wolves will accompany Damien, while his Father looks after the Pack for him.
I still see the shocked look on his face when I glared at him full of anger and hate for what his baby Brother did to me and Minerva.
I doubt Damien told Theseus or anyone else the truth about his Mate, but unfortunately for Damien the Elders know what he did and how he did it as Dad send them a copy of the footage.
Movement in front of me pulls me from my thoughts and I can see that Eos is eager to say something.
She heaves a sigh as I keep staring at her and she asks if I want to humiliate Damien even more than just kicking his a***.
I ask her what she has in mind and my first reaction is to ask her if she lost her mind, but lone tells me to hear her out.
As Eos explains to me what she has in mind I understand that this is something she has been working on for a long time, this isnt a spur of the moment kind of thing and I tell her I need to sleep on it.
Alpha, there is a Warrior from Rock Moon Pack at the gate.
He says you're expecting him.
Myles links me and I tell him to send him to the Pack-house.
Mom, Dad and Alastor are already waiting on the front porch as I step outside and a few minutes later an SUV ---- comes to a stop in front of us, Alastor takes a step forward as soon as the door opens.
He knows why Delia is joining our Pack and I guess that is why he isnt rushing towards her.
None of us moves as Alastor slowly walks down the steps, but to his surprise, Delia doesn't waste time as she rushes towards him and jumps into his arms.
Dad walks towards the SUV to talk to Alpha Mason's Brother and Mom has a huge grin on her face with tears in her eyes.
Alastor My Wolf has been acting strange all morning, he keeps telling me something big is going to happen, but he can't tell me what that is.
I am inches away from pulling up my block when Mom tells me that Delia has finally arrived.
When Amarah told us about Delia and the birthday present her Father had for her, I nearly lost control of Max.
We have never met Delia, but we both hate it when a male treats a female that way and I hope I never run into her Father as I might not be able to control Max.
What I didnt expect was to smell this intoxicating scent as the door of the SUV opened, realizing who it had to be I walked towards her carefully and I let her decide how this is going to play out.
Max howls in my head the moment she jumps into my arms as her lips connect with mine.
###Chapter 12
---- I dont waste a moment as I turn on my heel and head back into the Pack-house, I run up the stairs with my Mate in my arms.
Her head is buried in my neck and her giggles tickle my skin, making me growl softly.
Once we are in my room I put Delia down on the floor and I gently cup her face, pulling her close for a breathtaking kiss.
I gently bite her lower lip and as she gasp I snake my tongue into her mouth, turning her head a little to deepen the kiss.
I slowly break the kiss to start kissing a trail down to her neck and when I reach the spot where I will mark her I suck on it hard, a soft m*** escaping her lips.
My hands travel from her hips towards her b*** and the closer I get the heavier her breathing becomes.
Delia pushes her body closer to mine as my hands cup her b*** and my c*** grows harder as her hips buck forward, slowly I start to walk towards the bed until the back of her legs hit it.
I slowly push her down on the bed as I place one knee next to her and I attack her mouth again for a passionate kiss.
Max howls as we both smell the scent of her a*** and I remove one hand of her b*** to place it on her core.
I press my hand down as I move it up and down, making her breathing become labored and as I watch her face I see her getting closer to her o***.
I start rubbing up and down her core faster and it doesn't take long before she screams her release, I slow down my movements as she is coming down from her ---- high.
I keep kissing her as we start to remove the others clothing and in minutes we are both n***.
Our hands are roaming the others body and as one of her hands comes closer to my c*** it grows harder than it has ever been.
Delia wraps her fingers around my s*** and I push my c*** into her closed hand, my own hand disappearing between her thighs.
I slowly slide one finger into her soaking wet p***, slowly thrusting it in and out and slowly I add a second finger.
She feels so tight and warm around my fingers and I pick up the pace a little as she start stroking my c*** faster, both of us a g*** and m*** mess in a matter of minutes.
Delia guides my c*** towards her entrance and I slowly pull my fingers out to accommodate my Mate, placing my c*** against her entrance.
Sweetheart, this will sting, but I promise it will ease.
I whisper I her ear as I push my c*** into her in one go and then I hold still to let her body adjust.
The moment I feel her relax I slowly pull my c*** back, only to push it back into her again and I see her fisting the covers as I keep moving in and out of her.
Her hips start moving up to meet every one of my thrusts into her core, I suck on her marking spot again and she releases a loud m***.
Please...
I can't...
Please...
I cant hold it..
She whispers before she clamps down on my c*** and she becomes tighter the more I push into her.
I know I am close to my ---- own o*** as well and I know exactly how to push her over the edge.
I pull her head close to my neck as I feel my canines elongate and I feel her teeth scrap my skin as she finds my marking spot.
I bury my c*** deep inside her as my canines penetrate her skin and we both come undone as she bites down on my neck.
Collapsing on the bed next to her I pull her into my side and kiss the top of her head.
She places her arm over my stomach and lifts her head to look at me, I think I am at a disadvantage at the moment.
She says with a smile on her face and I know exactly what she means.
Sorry Delia.
I had a few other things on my mind, my name is Alastor and the Brother of our Alpha.
I say before devouring her lips again.
She moves up my body and soon we lose ourselves again in hot steaming love- making.
[ hate to disturb you, but you have already missed lunch and are about to miss dinner.
Beside, Mom wants to see her Daughter.
Amarah says through the mind-link and at that moment both our stomachs decided to agree with my Sister.
Sweetheart, my Sister just linked me that if we want to put some food into our stomachs we have to get dressed and head downstairs.
She also mentioned that Mom wants to see you.
I say as I pull her of the bed with me, we quickly clean ourselves up and get dressed to head down to dinner.
---- How many siblings do you have? Delia asks and when I tell her I have one sibling she looks at me in confusion.
You said you're the Brother of the Alpha and you just told me that your Sister linked you, I believe that is two siblings.
She says and I chuckle at her words.
Delia, that would be correct if our Alpha had been a male.
I say and it takes her a second or two before it sinks in, Your Sister is the Alpha! I see the shock on her face and I start to wonder in what kind of Pack she was born, even though I know there are a lot of Alphas that would not allow their Daughter to take over.
Yes, Amarah is our Alpha.
She is the first-born and therefor she took over from our Dad five years ago.
Her Beta, Gamma and Deltas are also first-born and female.
I answer her and her eyes go even wider.
Delia, I hope my Brother didnt tell you too many bad things about me.
I hear Amarah teasingly say and we both stare at Delia in shock as she bows her head and turns her eyes towards the floor.
###Chapter 13
---- Amarah 1am shocked, confused and stunned as I look at my Brother's Mate, Delia.
She has her head bowed with her eyes on the floor, a sign of respect to High-ranking Werewolves and Lycans and something tells me in this case it is not a sign of respect but one of fear.
Delia, I want you to look at me.
I say and I wait until she lifts her head up to look at me.
I am nothing more than you, without my Pack-members I can't be an Alpha and I treat every member with respect.
I am not sure if I want to know the story behind your behavior, but when you are ready I will listen to you.
What I want you to remember is that using my title and a small bow of your head is enough to show your respect.
In my office or on the Alpha floor you call me by my name, after all you are my Sister in law.
I say.
Delia looks at me with tears in her eyes and I pull her in my arms for a hug as I link Alastor to keep Max under control.
Mom is standing at the bottom of the stairs with Dad and the looks on their faces shows me that they heard and saw everything.
Dad, please calm down.
When Delia is ready she will tell us how she was raised and until that day we will show her how we treat our Pack-members.
I run this Pack the same way you and Grandpa have always done and Delia will find out that there are many more ways to run a Pack.
---- Now, let us go to the dining room to get some food, I believe these two need it to build some stamina.
I say and Alastor growls at me while Delia turns slightly red.
I follow Alastor and Delia down the stairs and I see Delia stiffen as Dad gives her a hug.
lone, who sees it happen, gives me a questioning look and through the mind-link I tell her that Delia was raised in a very different way from our upbringing.
lone just nods her head and introduces herself to Delia, Alastor growls when lone links her arm with Delia and pulls her towards the dining room.
Delia is surprised to see so many of our Pack in the dining room and I tell Alastor through the mind-link to stay close to her, / have this feeling her former Pack makes it known that if you are not of a High-rank you dont matter, I dont know if I want to know what else they are about.
We sit down for dinner and I link everyone to do as they normally do, to show Delia that our Pack is very different from the one she was born in.
Melia asks if Delia knows what the Alpha bloodline competition is and after she nods her head Alastor tells her that I am entering.
He tells her he will explain everything when they are back in their room, because the reason behind my entry of the competition is a sensitive one and best not discussed over dinner.
But we will watch her play Capture the Flag before we return to our room.
Alastor says and Delia turns a bright red color.
---- Eos tells her why I play the game and that we do it three times a day, twice with Warriors and once with the Pups.
The Pups love playing that game and if it were up to them we would be playing it twenty four seven.
Rhea comments, but we all know that it is the truth.
Delia tells us that the Alpha of her former Pack and his Son will also be entering, Alpha Mason never told me the name of that Pack and I ask her if she can tell me the name of her former Pack.
We all start laughing after she tells us the name of her former Pack and Delia looks at us with a confused look on her face.
At least now I understand your behavior and I can guarantee you that I will kick his a*** if I have to fight him in the competition.
I say as only lone, Melia, Eos and Rhea know about the draw and I am not about to reveal this to anyone else.
Delia asks if I ever met him, but I to tell her I never did.
I only spoke to him once over the phone after I took over from Dad and it wasn't a pleasant conversation, he asked Dad if he had lost his mind.
That a female's place was out of the publics eye, preferably barefoot and pregnant.
That a female shouldn't be allowed to speak unless she was asked a question and to obey every order given to her.
I say and Dad and Alastor still have trouble controlling their Wolves at the memory of that conversation.
Delia nods her head and I know she will be shocked with ---- our way of living for a while, the way our males treat females is so different from what she is used to.
Alastor pulls her onto his lap, Delia, I am nothing like the males in your former Pack and neither is any male here.
You are allowed to speak your mind and you don't have to do anything you are not comfortable with, no one will ask you to.
You are my Mate, not my slave.
Alastor says as he looks into her eyes, hoping she can see that he is being truthful with her.
###Chapter 14
---- I'll try to remember, Alastor.
It is just difficult to let go of something that has been normal for eighteen years, just tell me when I am doing something wrong.
She whispers.
Delia.
Dad says to get her attention.
You can never do something wrong, but we will let you know when you do something that is not necessary.
She smiles at Dad as she nods her head and I have a feeling she will adjust to our way of life faster than she thinks, right now.
She is still sitting on Alastors lap and she seems comfortable enough to stay there for as long as she can.
I am glad Alastor found his fated Mate and I know that he will do whatever he has to keep her safe.
She will have a family that cares about her for who she is and not what she can get or give us, like her Father.
I ask Eos through the mind-link to find out if her Father will be there or not.
Eos will have that answer for me before we turn in for the night and once I know the answer I will ask Delia if ---- she wants to come to the competition or not, the choice will be hers and hers alone.
However, I would love to see the look on the morons face when he finds out who she is mated to.
On our way over the girls discuss the males from Dark Mountain Pack again and Delia asks me who they are talking about, Alpha Theseus, his Beta Ajax, his Gamma Apollo and his Deltas Xanthos and Midas.
They sometimes watch as we play Capture the Flag in the clearing between our Packs.
I respond.
Rhea pulls Delia next to her and starts telling her about the males and what they look like, her remark on how hot they look makes Alastor growl.
Mom tells him to behave, that Delia will only have eyes for him and it calms him down enough to stop growling.
It is funny to see Alastor as he never was really obsessed with finding his Mate and he is the first of us to get his happily ever after.
I wonder how long it will take before Mom brings up the subject of Pups and with that I mean Grandpups, I know she would like to have them sooner than later.
Rhea halts right in front of me as she is looking across the clearing and I see Alpha Theseus standing with his arms crossed in front of his chest, his legs spread as his eyes are locked on me.
I don't pay it much more attention than that as I tell Eos and Rhea to get the Warriors ready.
No one calls me by name as we don't want them to ---- know who I am, I doubt they actually read the notifications from the Council to inform them of my Father stepping down and I never had to call their Pack to inform them personally as we don't have an alliance with them.
I know why Theseus Father tore up the alliance all those years ago, but I doubt he ever told anyone the truth about it and a small part of me even thinks he never told anyone he tore it up.
My Father and I are still waiting for the day that Alpha Theseus asks for our help and we get to tell him there is no alliance anymore.
His eyes follow me were ever I go as I am evading the Warriors, it doesnt bother me as much as I had thought and I ask myself the question why that is.
However, Minerva and I dont have an answer to that question.
Like last time I take a bow in their direction after I have defeated our Warriors, keeping my eyes on Alpha Theseus the entire time and this time I dont show him the anger and hatred.
I actually smile at him and I have to stifle a smile as I see a confused look on his face.
Eos steps next to me with my jacket in her hand and I see a disappointed look on his face when I pull it on, before I turn around to head back to our territory.
Alastor and Delia are waiting for me and Delia has a strange look on her face as I walk towards her, How the hell...
she whispers.
As we walk back to the Pack-house Dad tells her about my childhood, about my temper that I could barely ---- control until I turned sixteen and he tells her about the event that changed our border patrols.
She is in total shock as she finds out that females train and that we even have a lot of female Warriors.
###Chapter 15
---- Theseus After two days of searching through the files, we still hadn't found the alliance contract we have with White Crescent Pack and I wanted to call my Father into my office to demand answers from him.
Ajax told me to ask Alpha Atlas at the Alpha bloodline competition as he doesn't trust my Father to give us the truth.
We left the contracts out on my desk and with only two more days till the competition I decide to look through them on more time.
I look through all the alliance contracts in front of me and I realize there are a few I didnt know we had an alliance with, making me wonder why my Father never told me about these.
I link my men to meet in my private office to tell my men what I found and they don't have an answer for me as well, but again Ajax tells me to approach them at the competition.
Looks like I am going to have a very busy day a head of me during the first day of the competition.
I walk into the dining room looking at the chair next to mine, a chair that remains empty until the day I find my second chance Mate and for the first time since losing my first Mate I actually hope to meet her soon.
Penelope walks in with Damien and Joseph and for a moment I think she will leave me alone tonight.
Theseus, have you made sleeping arrangements for us during the competition? She asks as she puts her hand on my arm and Damien doesn't show anything as he watches us.
I sit down in my seat and Penelope is about ---- to pull back the chair next to mine, but she releases it the moment my men start to growl.
Penelope, Ajax made all the arrangements.
The hotel is run by a Werewolf who only takes reservations from Packs that are invited to the competition.
I say as I see that Damien gets a mind-link and the paling of his face tells me that Apollo warned him to keep Penelope in check.
We will leave the day before the competition starts, we will arrive there somewhere in the afternoon and Damien will be well rested before his first fight.
I say as I look at Penelope and she nods her head as Damien tells her to take her seat.
During dinner Damien and Penelope talk about the competition, while my men and I talk through our mind- link and Midas tells me that Penelope's eyes wander in my direction every now and then.
I quickly finish my dinner to excuse myself and retreat to my private office.
One of my Warriors links me that the neighbors are back again and I actually chuckle at the phrase he uses, I contemplate on whether I should go or not, but I decide to stay in my office to get some work done.
Work I dont want my Father to get involved in during my absence, just because I don't trust him with it.
After I took over from my Father it took me a few months to realize that he had been mismanaging the Packs finances, it had taken me three years to rebuild our business and another two years to expand it.
We ---- were back to where we were when Grandpa was still in charge, we were a strong, large, and wealthy Pack.
Expect my men, no one knows how close my Father brought us to bankruptcy and that is the reason I will leave the business side of things in the hands of Ajaxs younger Brother.
He has helped me all these years rebuilding the business and I trust him with it completely.
When I asked him to take care of business for a few days he told me to take as long as I wanted, that he would make sure everything would be taken care of and I know that he will do just that.
I told him I expected to be back the day after the competition started, and he said he was with me on Damien's chances.
I hope Damien will do better than any of us expect, but knowing Damien he will definitely be dropped after round two.
He thinks that being of the Alpha bloodline means you don't have to train, but no matter what Ajax and I have tried over the years he still doesn't believe us.
Ajax walks into my office and tells me that my Father is setting up a huge screen in the Ballroom, he wants the entire Pack to watch Damien's fight.
I even heard him say he wants to cancel border patrol that day.
I look up at Ajax and I see he is actually serious.
He follows me down the stairs and Apollo is waiting for the both of us at the bottom of the stairs and I hear my Father arguing with Midas and Xanthos.
They probably heard him as well and decided to set him straight on ---- canceling border patrol, not that he would listen to them.
###Chapter 16
---- Father, if I find out you canceled border patrol I will banish you from the Pack.
Am I making myself clear? I growl at him and even though he is from an Alpha bloodline he no longer is an actual Alpha, he has no other choice but to follow the order I give him.
My Mother doesn't look too pleased either and I give her a warning growl, she knows exactly what I mean by it as she lowers her head.
I call Apollo's Father over and tell him that he is responsible for border patrol while we are at the competition, he nods his head in understanding.
I know I can count on him to keep our borders protected and I know he will do everything to keep our Pack safe, just as he has done while he was my Father's Gamma.
I ask one of the Omegas if there is anything they need to get the Ballroom ready and she tells me they are a few seats short.
Xanthos nods his head before he walks out of the room and I look around the Ballroom to see that the big screen is already up, chairs and couches are set up.
There were large pillows on the floor for the Pups to sit on, it looked really cozy in here and I knew a lot would be watching the matches as much as they could.
After leaving the Ballroom I walk back up to my floor and I scare the shit out of an Omega as I open my bedroom door, Sorry, Alpha.
I didnt hear you coming in, I am almost ready packing your bag.
She says, holding her headphone in her hand.
---- No problem, Jeanet.
Is everyone's luggage ready? I ask and I see her eyes glaze over before she nods her head at me.
Thank you for packing my clothes.
Do you have the rest of the night off? I ask and she looks at me a little confused.
What do you mean, Alpha? she asks as she looks really uncomfortable and I shake my head, Sorry, Jeanet.
I meant nothing by it, I know it took everyone a long time to realize I was not like my Father.
I was just curious if it was your night off.
I explain.
Sorry, Alpha.
I know you have been in charge for almost a decade, but your Father still doesn't like the changes you made and when you are out of the Pack-house he still treats us like dirt.
Jeanet says and I ask her to tell me about my Father's behavior when I am not around.
Turns out my Father still mistreats our Omegas when my men and I are out of the Pack-house, but he makes sure he doesn't leave bruises in plain sight and I growl lowly as she tells me what my Father has done in the past decade.
I ask her to finish packing my luggage and then she can take the rest of the night off.
My office, now, I growl through the mind-link at my men and I know they will be there within seconds.
Who the hell pissed you off? Midas asks as he sees me pacing in front of the window, they know me well enough to know that hell is about to break loose and they are waiting for me to start talking.
I tell them about my interaction with Jeanet and when I ---- tell them that my Father is still treating the Omegas like dirt, they growl as menacingly as I had.
I want Warriors in the Pack-house at all times, whether we are here or not.
Apollo, I want the second floor to become the floor for unmated Warriors and I want them to know about what my Father has been doing to the Omegas.
According to Jeanet he even tried to force a few of them to sleep with him, but each of them refused him and they always make sure they are paired up every time we leave the Pack-house.
If he keeps trying to undermine me I will banish him from the Pack-house, see if he and Mother can manage on their own.
I say.
Half an hour later Apollo links me to meet him at the training grounds and I quickly make my way out of the Pack-house to meet up with Apollo.
Alpha, these Warriors are all informed about your Father's behavior and they will be moving into the Pack-house in the morning.
This is Simon and he has something to tell you.
Apollo says as he points at a Warrior standing next to Josh.
I nod my head at Simon and I tell him to speak, Alpha, during the last Full Moon I found my fated Mate, but your Father told me you wouldn't allow me to claim her.
He says and I just stare at him for a few minutes.
Simon, a fated Mate is the best thing for a Lycan or a Werewolf.
I will never stand between fated Mates and I will never forbid someone to claim their fated Mate.
I know how my Father feels about fated Mates and I am the total opposite on that subject.
Who is the lucky ---- lady? I say.
Jeanet, Alpha.
He responds and I ask him how she feels about all this.
I know she has trouble dealing with it, Alpha.
She knows I want to be with her, but she refuses as she is afraid you will get angry as your Father told her you would.
He answers me.
Jeanet, can you come to the training grounds, please? I ask her through the mind-link and she tells me she will be there in a minute.
The moment she sees all of us, a scared look crosses her face and I see her looking at Simon in fear.
Jeanet, Simon tells me you are his fated Mate.
Is this true? I ask her.
Yes, Alpha.
She whispers with her head bowed.
Jeanet, please look at me, I say and slowly she lifts her head to meet my eyes.
Do you accept Simon as your Mate, Jeanet? I ask and I am glad that no one says a word or I would not have heard her affirmative answer.
Jeanet, how many rooms on the second floor are ready for someone to stay in? I ask her and she tells me there are twelve rooms ready at all times, that they keep them clean as they have been ordered to do so by my Father.
Josh, pick eleven men that will move in tonight with you.
The rest of you can find yourself a room in the morning.
Jeanet, I assume you won't have a problem with Simon staying with you.
I am moving unmated Warriors onto the second floor to make sure you and the other Omegas are protected.
I say and a smile appears on her ---- face.
Thank you, Alpha.
Those that will move in tomorrow can expect me and the other Omegas to help them in any way we can.
She responds.
Simon doesn't waste time as he lifts her in his arms and walks back towards the Pack-house, Josh has selected eleven Warriors to move into the Pack-house with him tonight.
They leave the training grounds to gather their belongings from the Warrior house before they head to the Pack-house.
###Chapter 17
---- Damien I am listening to the annoying voice of my Mate as we are driving towards the location of the Alpha bloodline competition.
My mind drifts back to the day we met, I had snuck across the borders of White Crescent Pack as they were having a party and we hadn't gotten an invitation.
The party was on the night before the Full Moon and that meant I would be able to find my Mate if she was there.
Penelope had caught my eye the moment I saw her and even my Wolf was pleased with her.
My Brother and I had been raised to treasure the Mate-bond, to treasure our fated Mate.
My Wolf and I didnt like the idea of being tied to one woman and for that reason we wanted a chosen Mate, but my Brother and our Grandparents would not like it if I would reject my fated Mate to chose a Mate like our parents had done.
I had just turned twenty two and still hadn't found my fated Mate, so my Wolf and I decided to take a chosen Mate and we would tell everyone she was my fated Mate.
Penelope kept looking at me as I looked around the party and from time to time I could smell this intoxicating smell, but it was gone before I could trace it.
An Alpha I was talking to pointed at Penelope and told me she was his daughter, the woman my Wolf and I were interested in was an Alpha's Daughter.
This evening was getting better by the minute and when the ---- Alpha asked me if I would take his Daughter as my chosen Mate, I decided to tell him the truth.
Alpha, my family wants me to wait for my fated Mate.
I am not so sure I want to wait for her any longer and my current lifestyle might have something to do with that.
I answered him and he told me that if I stayed faithful to his Daughter until she had a Pup, I could live my life the way I wanted after that.
I thought about it for a moment and I told the Alpha I would take Penelope as my chosen Mate, but we had to tell everyone that she was my fated Mate.
Penelope came over as soon as her Father looked at her and we quickly tell her that I will take her as a chosen Mate, but that she is to tell everyone that we are fated Mates.
Penelope had been to this Pack before and knew where their guestrooms were, so we snuck into the Pack-house to seal the deal as chosen Mates.
The intoxicating scent I had smelled earlier was strong inside the Pack-house and Penelope pulled me to the right as we reached the first floor.
She walked all the way to the end of the hallway to open a door on our right and the moment we are inside she jumped into my arms, I pushed her up against the closed door.
I grinded my rock-hard c*** against her core and in seconds I could smell her a***, making my c*** become even harder.
We kept grinding against one and other as the room filled with the smell of her a*** and as I put my hand ---- under her dress I felt that her panties were soaking wet.
l asked her if she was still a virgin and as she shook her head I pulled my c*** out of my pants, slamming hard into her p***.
She had cried out in pleasure as I had started pounding her hard and in mere minutes we both had come hard.
I had taken her to the bed for round two with her on her back and again I hadn't taken it slow, but she didnt seem to mind at all.
My Wolf and I had been ready for round three in minutes and I had pulled her up on all fours to take her from behind.
I was pounding into her soaking wet p*** when the door had opened and I had smelled the scent of my fated Mate, without thinking twice I had rejected her as I was still f*** Penelope.
My rejection was accepted within seconds and I fell to the ground in pain, Penelope was quickly by my side.
She told me we had to mark one and other for the pain to stop and as she lowered herself onto my still rock- hard c*** I pulled her closer, we marked each other as she was riding my c***.
Penelope had been right, because after marking her I felt a lot better and I f*** her a few more times before we were finally done.
I only told my Father were I had met Penelope, but even he doesn't know that she is not my fated Mate.
The first few months with Penelope had been amazing and even my h*** Wolf had been satisfied with one ---- woman for a while, but when she had gotten pregnant with Joseph everything changed.
Penelope had no longer been interested in having sex and I had started looking else were to get satisfied.
###Chapter 18
---- After Joseph had been born Penelope had started to come to me again, but I no longer had a real interest in her.
I had just used her whenever my Wolf I had the need for release and she happened to be the closest, other than that we had lost all interest in our Mate.
The only good thing that had come from my relationship with Penelope was Joseph and my ticket to the position of Alpha.
If my Brother were to die before he met his second chance Mate, Joseph would be next in line to become Alpha and if he was not old enough yet than I would have to take over until he was old enough.
I dont think my Brother is aware of the fact that I want his title, but I also know that I can not challenge him for the title.
Penelope pulls me from my thoughts by pushing against my arm, Babe, we are almost at the hotel and don't forget my Brother wants to see you.
She says.
I give her a small smile as I dont want her to wonder why I am happy to go see her brother and No, I am not gay.
Her Brother, Harver, also has a chosen Mate and they have a very interesting love life as he likes to watch her being with another man or to share her with another man.
Penelope and I had been together for over a year when ---- we went to visit her family and I was surprised when her Sister in law showed an interest in me.
She had lured me to aroom on the second floor and I almost peed my pants when Harver had walked into the room, but he told me he was just there to watch.
Jane had s*** n*** in front of me and she had gotten down on her knees as she opened my pants, she took my c*** out to suck it into her mouth.
My Wolf and I had loved every second of it and after she had sucked me dry Harver asked if I was willing to share his Mate with him.
The moment I nodded my head Harver had grabbed his Mate and pulled her to the floor with him.
She was riding his c*** as his hands slid down her back and he had pulled her butt cheeks apart, telling me to take her hard.
I didnt hesitate a second and pushing my c*** into her backdoor was the best feeling ever.
During that visit and every visit since Harver and I have been sharing his Mate, Jane is always soaking wet and she loves it when one of us takes her by surprise.
I have watched the two of them going at it a few times and each time I would stroke my own c*** until I came with them.
After that first time I realized I liked taking a woman in her a*** and it took me a while to find out that no woman in our Pack was willing to let me.
However, I found an Omega cleaning our room one day and she was on her knees gather some of Joseph's toys.
---- Father made sure our Omegas wore dresses, because he told us it looked good for visitors.
I found out at the age of twelve that he wanted them to wear dresses so he could do to them what he wanted easier and that day I was grateful that my Brother never changed that rule.
I had been real quiet as I took my c*** out of my pants while I kept my eyes on the Omega and by the time she realized I was there it was to late for her to react.
I had ripped her panties and grabbed her hips as my c*** was pushed against her backdoor.
Her pleas and screams only turned me on even more and I had forced myself on her.
I told her if she ever told anyone I would kill her and if she valued her life she would come to me whenever I told her to.
I still enjoy taking her as she still screams every time I take her, but nowadays she screams in pleasure.
Penelope had told Harver I was going to compete and he had just sent me a text one day Jane can't wait to see you again.
The only thing I ask of him was to get me something I couldn't get without anyone starting to ask questions and he told me Jane would be more than happy to get it for me.
My Mate doesn't know about my little Omega and as long as she can keep me happy I dont need anyone else to satisfy my needs.
She know what I want to do to her and even though she is not sure about it my little Omega knows I will not let that stop me.
We all get out of the SUVs and I wonder if we will see ---- any members of White Crescent Pack before tomorrow.
My Brother in law greets me with a hug and I feel him slipping something in to my pocket, I dont have to look at it to know what it is.
Harver greets Penelope as Jane greets me, before I introduce both of them to my Brother and his men.
Will you all join us for dinner tonight? Jane asks and Theseus accepts the invitation on behave of all of us.
###Chapter 19
---- Damien We all walk into the Hotel as Harver tells me that he isn't going to compete this year and that he has faith in me to get far in this Competition.
He walks me to the registration table, while Jane is talking to Theseus and Apollo and for once Penelope doesn't follow me around.
I grab the ledger in which I have to register and to my surprise I see that White Crescent Pack isn't registered yet.
I quickly glance at the other registrations and with Harver not entering and White Crescent Pack not registered yet I see that my calculations have been off quite a bit.
It still will make an interesting day tomorrow, but some of the Alphas I had expected to compete didnt register their name and I am feeling a bit more confident as I register my name to the ledger.
Make sure you come to our room tonight.
Harver whispers next to me.
To anyone else it will look as if he is reading the ledger, but the smile on Jane's face tells me she knows exactly what he said to me and I give her a smile as I adjust myself.
Harver chuckles as he sees what I am doing, but I can see he isnt doing much better either.
As we walk back to the others Ajax asks me if I had counted the registrations and I tell him how many I counted, "Some Alphas didn't register and White Crescent Pack hasn't registered at all yet.
According to the Elder at the table they will be here in the morning.
I say and I see confused looks on everyone's faces.
---- Every time White Crescent Pack has entered they were here the day before the Competition and one of the first Packs to register in the ledger, why this year is different none of us knows.
Something tells me they are doing this on purpose.
Amarah Eos had found out that Delias Father would be here and that her former Alpha would be competing, so we had asked her what she wanted to do.
Stay home or come with us and she had looked me in the eyes as she said, lam coming, lets see how he reacts when he sees who my Mate is.
He will be tripping over his own feet to make up excuses for what he tried to do and he will try to get me back to my old self, the one that was to afraid to say a word.
Well, he will be in for the surprise of his life.
Delia has changed for the better and I know her Father and her former Alpha will not like it one bit.
Alastor has shown her that the ways of her former Alpha are outdated and that more and more Alphas treat their Pack-members the way we have done for decades.
Delia started her training the day after she moved to our Pack and Alastor takes great joy in teaching her.
Dad made reservation in a hotel about half an hour driving from the site the Elders use for the Competition, he chose that Hotel because he knows the owner and he wanted to make sure I wouldn't run into Damien and his chosen Mate.
---- We will stay in the owner's other Hotel next to the Competition site starting tomorrow, Dad introduces us to Mykel, the owner, who tells me that he will be moving our bags tomorrow, That way you can concentrate on the Competition instead of your luggage.
He says.
During dinner I see a few Elders walk in and Dad tells me they will be staying here for the duration of the Competition.
Elder Ezra makes his way over to our table as the others sit down at a table of their own, Alpha Amarah, here is the ledger, so you can sign in who will be competing.
You might want to know that Damien from Dark Mountain Pack was curious as to why White Crescent Pack hadn't registered yet, but he got a rather vague answer and just so you know, he is the only one from Dark Mountain Pack to enter.
He says as he puts the ledger in front of me.
I quickly fill out the information I am required to fill out and then I hand it back to him, a smile appears on his face as he saw that I only wrote down one name.
After dinner we head to the backyard of the Hotel to practice some more before we head of to bed.
Morning comes a little to soon for my liking, but I cant suppress the smile that appears on my face as I think of everything that will be revealed today and I quickly make my way to the bathroom to get started with this day.
I am not sure what I look forward to most, the look on the face of Delia's Father or the look on Damien's face.
###Chapter 20
---- Dad holds on to my arm as I keep playing a game on my phone, it takes my mind of the events ahead of me and Dad knows I want to concentrate on my fights instead of what Delia's Father or Damien might say or do.
Eos left for the Competition grounds to see which Alphas were present.
She would also keep an eye on Damien and the rest of the members from Dark Mountain Pack that came with him, even though I think she is more interested in knowing if Alpha Theseus brought his Deltas along.
All for of them have been drooling over his Beta, Gamma and Deltas, not that I blame them as all four of the men look hot and I have to admit that Alpha Theseus is easy on the eyes as well.
But don't tell Eos I said that, because I will never hear the end of it.
Theseus White Crescent Pack still hasnt shown its face, well not all of them anyway.
According to Apollo he saw the Daughter of one of their Deltas walking around, but other than that we have not seen one member of White Crescent Pack and the only reason we know they will be here is because White Crescent is on the board with one entry.
I am talking to Damien, but I dont think he hears a word lam saying as his eyes are on the female that walks on to the terrain on the arm of Alpha Atlas.
Blondie is engrossed with something on her phone and Alpha Atlas is making sure she doesnt bump into anything.
---- Damien, what are you staring at? Penelope asks and as she follows his line of vision Apollo steps a little closer.
The moment she sees who Damien is staring at anger flashes in her eyes and I have to look at Apollo to make sure I am seeing this correctly, he nods his head to confirm what I saw.
Penelope is staring daggers at Blondie and I am afraid we would get to bury her if looks could kill, but it is as if Blondie is unaware of Penelope's stares.
Midas has a smirk on his face as he and Xanthos are talking through the mind-link to one and other.
Most of the people with Alpha Atlas are female and I wonder where his Beta and Gamma are, usually one or both of them accompany their Alpha to an event like this.
I recognize his Mate, Luna Anthea, who is standing next to Blondie looking over her shoulder at the phone and I wonder what she is doing.
The Alpha of Silver River Pack walks onto the terrain with his Brother and their Mates by their side, I hope I get a chance to ask him why I was unaware of the alliance between our Packs or why he and his Brother are not competing.
I see Blondie put her phone away as they approach Alpha Atlas, they shake hands as I see Blondie turning towards the Alpha and Linus growls in my head as she hugs him with a huge smile on his face.
I don't like her touching another male, just like Linus doesn't like it.
A hand on my arm pulls me from my thoughts and I turn ---- to be faced with a rather pissed off Penelope standing next to me, Who is she? She hisses and I wonder if she is pissed at Damine for staring at Blondie, if she is pissed at me for staring at Blondie or maybe she is pissed at both of us for staring at a gorgeous female that is not her.
Before I can answer her Elder Ezra walks onto the stage and everyone's attention is drawn to him as my eyes are still glued to Blondie, she turns her head my way as she finally feels my eyes on her.
Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to this annual Alpha bloodline competition.
I want to thank those that have entered the Competition and I want to thank those that have come along for support of the Competitors.
He says before he goes over the rules for this first round and I see a smirk appear on Blondies face as he explains what it means when your name gets drawn first.
Xanthos and I had talked about this being a bit unfair after the first round, if you know your opponent is weaker in half-shift you can use that to your advantage and that goes for every form.
We both think that some will have their Pack-members check out the other games and write down everyone's weaker form.
There was one thing Xanthos and I agreed upon, Damien is weak in any form.
I know, it is not nice to say that about my baby Brother, but it is unfortunately the truth when it comes to Damien.
He is just to thick headed to see it himself and Penelope's praise is not doing him any good either.
---- I couldn't chance our bet anymore or I would change it to being dropped in round one with at least one knock out.
###Chapter 21
---- Amarah I felt his eyes on me the moment we walked in and I wanted to yell at him for rejecting me, I wanted to yell at him for choosing that b*** over me.
Minerva was on edge immediately and she only seemed to calm down when we felt that Theseus was also looking at us.
Mom standing right next to me was a tremendous help and Dad on my other side still holding my arm was enough to calm us down.
I hear Dad talking to Murphee, the guy I beat into the infirmary when I was seven and I quickly put my phone away.
I hug him as I ask him why he didn't enter the Competition, Because I like to see my Pup get born.
He answers teasingly as I stare from him to Brielle and I hug her as I congratulate both of them.
You will make great parents, just know that if it is a girl she can come to me if you give her grab.
I say to Murphee.
Just as he wants to say something Elder Ezra takes the stage and I take the opportunity to look at Alpha Theseus, but I look away the moment I see that Damien's Mate is standing next to him.
She is the last person I want to see, no scratch that, she is the second last person as Damien is the last person I want to see.
Everyone is listening as Elder Ezra explains the rules once more, We have decided to make a small adjustment in our rules, our scoreboard during the first round will only show the name of a Pack and a number and you will not know who you are competing against ---- until you step into the ring.
Each of you will be given an envelope with the number that corresponds to your name in the ledger, we thought this might make things a bit more interesting and itis a test.
If it isnt working we will drop it from the rules next year.
After that he tells us to head to our rooms to change.
An Elder steps in front of us with the envelope in his hand and Alastor is quick to take it from him, making sure that no one knows that I am the one competing.
Mykel made sure we had a suite on the top floor of the Hotel and we have our own elevator bringing us to it.
There are two more suites like ours on the top floor and I know that the one on the other side of the Hotel was booked by Alpha Theseus.
As I walk out of the elevator I see that Mykel kept his promise, our luggage is already here and I quickly change into my outfit.
Delia helped me with my outfit as I still hadn't found what I had been looking for, after she saw me play Capture the Flag she knew exactly what I needed to wear.
One of our Omegas had helped her with the design and when Delia had told her what fabric to use she had just nodded her head.
Neither one of them had been willing to tell me what it looked like or what fabric was being used and when I saw it the first time I immediately wanted to to it, but Delia convinced me to try it on before ing to it.
Once I had it on I knew they made the right decision and ---- I was not afraid to tell them I walk into the living room of our suite when Alastor starts whistling, earning him a smack on his head from both, Mom and Delia.
Eos hands me a long cardigan to hide my outfit and everyone has a smirk on their face as Dad hands me the envelope.
The number doesn't surprise me as I am the only one in our bloodline that will be competing, but to make it more difficult for everyone to know which one of us will be entering the ring both, Dad and Alastor, are wearing their battle gear.
Theseus I finally understand why everyone was told to go change, this has got to be the most boring thing I have ever witnessed and I can tell that my men are bored as well.
Damien left Penelope behind as he went to our suite to get changed, but Midas had noticed that Jane had followed close behind him.
Penelope is talking to her brother, Harver, and she doesn't seem to realize that her Mate and her Brother's Mate are both unaccounted for.
Maybe I should have entered, how much longer do we have to listen to this.
Harver says as he looks at me.
Ajax asks him what he means and Harver tells him that normally he wouldn't be here for this as he would be in his room getting into his battle gear, making me realize once more that the Elders thought this through very ---- carefully.
The competitors don't have to be here to hear who they will be fighting against, giving them the change to focus on their fights.
###Chapter 22
---- Damien will be fighting in the third and the second to last match, his opponent in the first match is a young Alpha from up north and his opponent in his second match will be....
I am looking at the scoreboard to see who still needs a second match.
F***, he has to go up against White Crescent Pack.
Apollo says through the mind-link and I have come to the same conclusion, but White Crescent Pack is not in any match before that.
Meaning whoever is competing will have to fight two matches in a row.
White Crescent Pack will be fighting Damien in their first match and Hollow Moon Pack in their second match, but there is only a three listed behind the Packs name.
We know that Alpha Crios and both his Sons are competing and it would be logical for Alpha Crios to have been given the number one, leaving his youngest Son as number three.
Has anyone ever seen Alpha Atlas or his Son train? Xanthos asks, but none of us have ever seen any of them train.
At least not other than the Capture the Flag training we have watched over the past three weeks and my mind wanders back to the day I saw Blondie take of her jacket.
We know they have the strongest Warriors in their Pack and we have seen that every Warrior that played ---- Capture the Flag is very fast, but she is faster than all of them.
If Alpha Atlas is half as fast as she is, than Damien doesn't stand a chance against him and the same goes for his Son.
Damien I step into our private elevator to go upstairs to change into my battle gear and as I turn around I see Jane slip into the elevator with me.
Her hands are all over me before I can say anything, not that I am going to stop her and Jane knows that I won't stop her.
We stumble into my suite as we exit the elevator and I am glad it is a private elevator, because I already took her in the elevator up against the wall.
Jane bents down to get something from her purse and I slam my c*** back into her, knowing she is ready for round two.
Half an hour later she hands me the item I ask for and she wishes me luck in the Competition before she leaves our suite.
I shower quickly to get rid of Jane's scent and get dressed into my battle gear before I head down again to be met by Theseus as the elevator opens on the ground floor.
I hope you are ready for this.
My Brother says as he points at the board to my left, my eyes travel up and down to find my name in the third match.
I know this Alpha and I am confident I can handle him, so with a smirk on my face I scan the board once again.
F***.
I mutter as soon as I see the I have to fight White ---- Crescent Pack, I look at Theseus to see an expressionless face and even Midas face is unreadable.
I just hope that Alpha Atlas is no longer as strong as he once was according to my Father, because if he is still the same I don't stand a change.
If I am I lucky it will be his Son that entered, because without him being the Alpha he will be in the same league as I am and I did learn a few things from watching Ajax and Xanthos.
Not that I trained as much as they all think, I am of an Alpha bloodline and that means I am stronger than most.
My first fight is on one of the fields to the side of the main arena and I see Alpha Atlas and his family on the bleachers of the main arena, looks like he doesnt want to know how I fight.
I watch as my opponent steps onto the field and I nearly laugh as I look the Alpha up and down.
He is around 61 to my 6"3 and I am broader all around than he is, he looks a little out of place here as he takes two steps forward.
The referee tells us he has the right to determine our form and that I am not allowed to shift into another form.
Awhistle sounds to indicate the start of the match and for a few moments we are circling one and other, until I have had enough and lunge at him.
He dodges me with ease and that pisses me off, making me lunge at him again and again for a few minutes.
As I turn myself towards him I see Theseus shake his ---- head from the corner of my eye and I can hear his voice in my head to remind me that I can't let my fighting get controlled by anger.
Why doesn't he just shut up, I am fighting this Alpha not him.
I look at the Alpha in front of me and it almost looks like he is bored with this.
I ready myself to lunge at him again and as I push of the ground he crouches down a little, making me come into high.
He grabs my ankle to pull me to the ground, before he jumps on my back and as his arm glides around my neck I know I only have one option left.
I try tap out quickly because it will mean he gets fewer points, but I am unlucky as he manages to keep me from tapping out and as I scramble to my feet once I regain consciousness I see a huge smirk on his face.
Xanthos and Midas shake their heads as they watch me walk up to them, I told you not to let your anger lead you.
If you had kept your cool you would have had a change to win this.
Apollo grumbles.
###Chapter 23
---- Amarah Delia is walking in between me and Alastor as we make our way to the main arena, her former Alpha will have his first match in the main arena and I want to see him fight.
I also want him and her Father to see Delia with us and I know they will see fairly quickly that she is marked.
Melia had suggested she wear her hair up to make her mark visible for everyone and Alastor had chuckled as Eos told her she would take pictures of her Father as a reminder.
I can feel the anxiety radiate from Delia and I put my hand on her lower back for support.
One of the Warriors is the first one to spot us and his eyes widen as he looks between Delia and Alastor, his Alpha sees him staring at us and he slowly turns around.
He also seems in shock at the sight of Delia and he nudges her Father to get his attention.
The moment he turns around I know he is going to start trouble, I link Eos and Rhea to make sure they are there to protect Delia if the need arises.
Delia, put your hair down and go find your Mother to change into something more suited for an unmated female.
Her Father growls.
Father.
She slightly bows her head to the Alpha, but other than that she keeps standing up straight and I feel really proud of her.
I see her Mother staring at Delia in horror and her Father and former Alpha both growl at her, Show some respect, Delia.
A male says and from the looks of him I would say he is the Alphas Son.
---- That also makes him the male her Father chose for Delia and I hear Alastor growl as the male tries to reach for her.
Don't you dare touch my Mate.
Alastor growls and I see all of them looking at Delia's neck, which she is more then willing to show to them.
Alpha Crios looks mad as hell and the other males don't look any better, but I see her Mother hide a smile.
I know I shouldn't do this, but I cant help myself as I look at the female and say, Delia, this most be your Mother.
You look as beautiful as she does.
Delia introduces me to her Mother, but she is careful not to use my title as most don't know that I actually took over from my Father.
I compliment her on raising an amazing Daughter and I can see in her eyes that she is proud of Delia, happy to see her mated to her fated Mate.
Alpha Crios orders his Pack-members to take their seats as his fight is about to start and we sit down across from his Pack, just so I can keep an eye on her Mother.
If anyone tries to take their anger out on her I will ripped them a second asshole.
Dad and I are focused on the fight in the main arena, while lone is watching Damien's fight on one of the side fields and a smirk appears on my face as she give us a live report on the match.
I had to choose which match I wanted to witness myself as both my opponents had their first match at the same time.
Alpha Crios is good and he gets the upper hand a few ---- times, but his opponent is calmer and more collected than he is.
I see it the moment Alpha Crios makes a mistake and his opponent takes full advantage of his error, knocking him out in a menacing blow.
We all cheer for the winner and Delia's Father is staring daggers at us as Alpha Crios Son drags his Father from the arena, I now know his weakness for when I have to fight him.
Depending on how long the matches last I have an hour to an hour and a half before my first fight.
lone joins us just before Damien and the rest of Dark Mountain Pack walk into the arena.
I already know he was knocked out during his first match and his second will end in a knock out as well, meaning he is out of the Competition before this day is over.
I can feel his eyes on me the entire time as we watch the matches in the main arena and it tells me he doesn't notice any of the fights in front of us.
I thought it would make me feel uncomfortable as it usually does when males stare at me like that, but for some reason I don't feel creeped out by it.
Theseus I scolded Damien for letting his anger get the best of him during his fight and I tell him he better keep his anger in check when he faces Alpha Atlas or his Son, because I know they will take him out in seconds.
I doubt my words registered in that brain of his and I truly believe that he will be out of the Competition before the day is over.
---- My eyes find her the moment we walk into the arena and I see Alpha Crios and his Pack-members stare daggers at them, What the f*** did they do to Hollow Moon Pack.
Ajax asks, but we have no clue as we were not here for his first match.
###Chapter 24
---- It takes Apollo only a few minutes before he comes back with answers, The female in between Blondie and Alpha Atlas Son, Alastor, is the Daughter of Alpha Crios Beta and she is mated to Alastor, but no one knows how they found one and other.
I have been to Hollow Moon Pack once and I never want to go there again, they treat their females as trash.
They are not allowed to look the High-ranking members in the eye and they are to stay quiet unless they are asked a question.
Apollo also found out her name is Delia and as I watch Blondie I see that Delia has her hair up, showing everyone the mark on her neck.
I chuckle at the sight of her Father, he really hates that she is showing everyone her mark and she is talking with Blondie most of the time.
Could Blondie be Alpha Atlas Daughter? I ask no one in particular and I dont expect anyone to answer me either.
With the way she is talking to Delia and the way she acts towards Alastor, I would say you are probably right.
Xanthos responds.
I hear the sounds of the matches, but I don't see any of it as my eyes are glued on Blondie and it irks me that ---- she doesn't look at me once.
She doesn't even look at me to make me stop staring and I indulge myself by looking her over from top to bottom, like her Fater and Brother she is dressed in battle gear.
It looks as if it was tailor made for her and it fits her like a glove, I can't see what the top is like as she is wearing a long cardigan that hides the rest of her outfit from sight.
Apollo nudges my shoulder to pull my attention away from Blondie, yeah we still dont know her name.
Damien gets up from his seat as his name gets announced for the next match and we all turn our heads towards White Crescent Pack to see Alpha Atlas, Alastor and Blondie get up from their seats.
I turn back to Damien to give him some last advice when I see a look of horror on his face.
F***, you have got to be kidding me.
I hear Midas say and as I turn around I see Blondie steps into the main arena with a deadly glare in her eyes.
It is aimed at Damien and I wonder what the hell he ever did to her for her to give him that look.
From the corner of my eye I see Ajax holding onto Penelope and through the mind-link I ask him what that is about, She was backing away the moment Blondie stepped into the arena, I have a feeling she knows why Blondie is giving Damien a deadly glare.
He replies.
Opponent of Damien from Dark Mountain Pack is from White Crescent Pack, Alpha Amarah.
Elder Ezra announces and you can hear a pin drop in the arena.
---- The look in her eyes doesn't change and she doesn't look away from Damien as she gets into position.
Penelope looks terrified as Damien looks at her over his shoulder and I get this unsettling feeling that both of them know why Amarah has a murderous look in her eyes.
The whistle sounds as Damien turns back towards Amarah and I know he will be knocked out of the Competition by her.
Make sure Penelope doesn't go anywhere and once this match is over I want Damien and Penelope in our suite, Xanthos and Ajax will watch them until I get up there.
I want answers from those two and I will get them, one way or the other.
I say through the mind-link as I let my eyes wander to Harver.
The expression on his face and that of his Mate tells me that they are also aware of something that I am not and it is not sitting well with me.
Looks like Harver knows something as well, his eyes keep moving from Alpha Amarah to Penelope and even Jane looks nervous.
Xanthos informs me.
Linus is pacing in my head and he tells me if he gets his hands on Damien he will beat him to a pulp.
I tell Linus to calm down and just watch the match that is about to start, which he reluctantly does.
Making me feel a little bit more at ease.
Penelope is seated between Ajax and Xanthos as the second whistle sounds and Damien starts circling Amarah, but she doesnt move.
I dont expect her to as I ---- know she is more than capable of taking him down and I almost feel sorry for my baby Brother.
Damien starts taunting her as she still hasn't moved a muscle, What are you waiting for? A written invitation.
He says when Midas tells me to look at one of the members of White Crescent Pack through the mind-link and I see one of the females concentrating on her tablet instead of the match.
What do you think that is about? Apollo asks me, but he knows I don't have a clue either.
###Chapter 25
---- Damien My eyes move to the members of white Crescent Pack the moment my match is announced and I see Alpha Atlas and his Son get up with my former Mate.
My jaw drops the moment she steps into the arena and I know she will do her best to take me down My former Mate is the Daughter of Alpha Atlas and I rejected her for Penelope.
My Wolf is still pissed at me for rejecting her and I know if I had to depend on him during this match he would hang me out to dry, he would probably help her in kicking my a***.
Penelope, Harver and Jane are the only ones that know I rejected her, but none of us knew she was from an Alpha bloodline.
Theseus is going to kill me if he ever finds out that she was my fated Mate and there will be nothing left of me for anyone to find if that ever happens.
I quickly look at Penelope to see a horrified look on her face, she knows this female will do everything she can to get her revenge on me.
Ajax is holding on to Penelope and I know they suspect something, but I doubt they have any idea what happened between me and this female.
I nearly lose my shit when I hear Elder Ezra announce her as Alpha Amarah and my Wolf is actually laughing his a*** off in my head, he really thinks this if funny.
Of course it is funny.
You thought you made an upgrade with Penelope, but it looks like you let the grand prize slip ---- away.
He replies.
She just stares at me with a murderous look, but doesnt move as I circle her a few times and I start taunting her as she is unwilling to make the first move.
It doesn't do anything other than make me feel on edge and I think about the best move to make before I get agitated again.
It was my downfall during my first match and I have no intention on losing this match, especially not to a female.
My Father made it clear over the years that a female isnt born to become a Warrior, a female is born to bare Pups and to satisfy her Mate.
Amarah I nearly burst out in laughter when Damien saw me step into the arena and the look on his face when I was announced as Alpha Amarah has Minerva in stitches.
His taunts don't do anything for me and from the corner of my eye I see Theseus stare between me and Damien.
Damien apparently learned from his first match as he is controlling his anger, but I know how I am going to push him over the edge.
First I have to make him believe I am getting impatient with this match and I lunge at him before he realizes what I am about to do.
He staggers as my fist collides with his face and I see a shocked look on his face, What! Didn't think a barbie doll could punch you in the face? I yell at him.
He looks at me dumbfounded as I get back into position, Didn't ---- you call me a barbie doll when you rejected me for that.
lyell as I point at his Mate.
Theseus looks murderous at Damien as Ajax holds on to Damien's Mate with a murderous look in his eyes and I know there will be hell to pay for both of them.
Damien lunges himself at me, but just before he reaches me I step to the side and as I turn to my left I let my fist collide with his face again.
Damien crashes to the ground, but I know I didnt knock him out and I have no intention of doing so for a little while longer.
We repeat this dance quite a few times and every time he gets back up I see the rage in his eyes more clearly.
Once I realize he is filled with rage I signal Eos to do as we planned, just before I jump up in the air to slam my fist down in his face with full force.
I already know he is out cold before he hits the ground and a few seconds later I am announced the winner of our match.
I turn to look at Alpha Crios and I give him a sweet smile before I return to my seat as we have to wait for all matches to end, before we can start our match.
Xanthos walks into the arena and unceremoniously he tosses Damien over his shoulder, Ajax follows behind him while dragging Damien's Mate with him.
People around us start mumbling as they are looking at their phones and Eos gives me a huge grin before I sit down next to Delia.
A thunderous roar is heard from across the arena and I ---- don't have to look up to know who it is, I have no doubt Theseus just saw the footage of my rejection.
Like Eos suspected, he is not amused by Damiers actions and if he ever had doubts about Damien's Mate he now has answers.
###Chapter 26
---- Delia wraps an arm around my shoulder as she tells me how impressed she is with me, One knock out to go and you will have the day off tomorrow.
She says as her eyes are glued on her Father and I know she hopes I will knock out Alpha Crios as well, but I also know she doubts I can take him.
Mom is sitting on my other side as I see Apollo and Midas holding onto Theseus, he really is outraged with Damien and I know it will take a while before he can control his Wolf from taking Damien down.
My next match gets announced and his eyes lock with mine as I step back into the arena.
I give him a small smile and I see his Wolf retreat, making it possible for Theseus to take back control.
Alpha Crios is making fun of my rejection, but instead of rattling my cage it makes me more focused on winning this match and I will have fun taking this idiot down.
Theseus What did she just say? Apollo yells through our mind- link and none of us reply to him as we are in shock, Damien rejected her for Penelope.
Has he lost his f*** mind? Midas growls and Linus chuckles as she lands a blow to Damien's face.
---- She lets him get up every single time, only to knock him down again and I can tell that she is playing with him.
I see him lose his temper and the moment it registers I see Amarah jump up in the air and I know it is all over for Damien, Xanthos, grab that idiot and get him to our suite.
Dont bother with a Doctor, his Wolf can heal him if he wants.
As Xanthos walks out of the arena I hear every phone around me ding and I grab my phone to see what it is we all received.
I watch the footage on my phone and my heart sinks as I see how Damien rejected Amarah, Linus releases a thunderous roar before I can stop him.
Apollo and Midas hold on to me to make sure that Linus doesn't take over, but it is Amarah that calms Linus down enough for me to stay in control.
Amarah looks almost bored as Alpha Crios keeps bringing up her rejection and Linus is front and center to watch her take this idiot down.
How long do you give Alpha Crios? Midas asks as we look at Amarah and Apollo hopes she will knock him out faster than she did with Damien.
I just hope she knocks him out, I dont care how long it will take her and I hope she shows him every corner of the arena.
Alpha Crios is getting agitated with her lack of response and I see a huge smile on her Father's face, he has every right to be proud of his Daughter.
She is showing every Alpha that she is the better Alpha of the two, I wonder why we were never informed that Alpha Atlas stepped down and Linus points out he no longer is the Alpha.
---- What has you smiling? Midas asks and when I tell him it will take some time for me to get used to Atlas not being Alpha anymore.
He chuckles as he knows I have a point there and I will probably mess up the first few times I mention Atlas.
Amarah doesn't give Alpha Crios much time before she knocks him out in the same style she used on Damien and I believe it was the fastest match of the day.
Apollo and Midas are cheering as she steps away from Alpha Crios and I see both his Sons walking into the arena to get their Father.
I make my way around the arena and the moment I see her Brother I draw his attention to me, Alastor, I would like to talk to your Sister.
Can you ask her to call me? I need to find a few answers first, but if she is willing I would like to see her tomorrow.
I say as I hand him my business card with my private number on the back.
I will tell her, but I am not sure if she will give you the time.
You might find out there is a lot you are not aware of, whether it was intentional or not.
He says as he takes my card and I stare at him as he walks back to Amarah, What do you think that was about? Apollo asks me.
Apollo knows I have no answer for him, but I intend to find a few answers before dinner and I make my way back to the Hotel with Apollo and Midas on my heels.
Harver and Jane disappeared during Damien's match and I doubt we will see them any time soon.
---- I step out of the elevator to see Xanthos pacing in the hallway, he looks murderous as his head snaps towards us and I know he wants to rip Damien a second asshole.
Just like the rest of us and maybe I will give him the chance to just do that.
Midas walks into the small kitchen our suite has and soon I smell the scent of coffee.
Midas always knows what I need and right now I really need some coffee to take my mind of Damien.
Penelope is with Damien and Ajax is standing guard in front of their door.
He also took both their phones, so Penelope doesnt know that we are aware of what they did.
Xanthos says.
We are on our second coffee when Damien and Penelope finally get out of their bedroom and Damien knows he is in deep shit as he looks at me.
Ajax pushes Penelope on to the couch and Damien sits down next to her, before I have to tell him to sit down.
Theseus..
Damien starts but I cut him off by raising my hand.
Damien, I doubt there is anything you can say that will justify what you did to Alpha Amarah and even if you think of something I doubt I want to hear it.
Just to let you know, everyone is aware of how you rejected her.
I say.
###Chapter 27
---- Amarah I see Alastor talking to Theseus and he accepts what looks like a business card from him.
Alastor walks towards me as Theseus heads towards the Hotel and I wish I could be a fly on the wall in that suite, I would like to hear what kind of an excuse Damien will come up with.
Some of the Alphas come over to congratulate me on both my wins and they tell me that Damien was a fool when he rejected me.
There are others that come over for the same reasons and I spend the next fifteen minutes or so talking to numerous people.
Alastor hands me Theseus business card with the request to call him, He wants to talk to you and I have a feeling there is a lot he is unaware of.
Maybe you should give him the chance to ask you questions and to tell you what he knows whether it is about his Father or his baby Brother.
Alastor says.
I let his words sink in as Dad wraps an arm around my shoulder and tells me how proud he is of me, You put on one hell of a show, it wouldn't surprise me if you will beat a few more Alphas.
He says as we pass three Alphas that also broke their alliance with us.
Eos and Rhea laugh out loud as Delia tries to hide her laughter by burying her face in Alastors chest, Mom just looks at the Alphas with a smirk on her face as she slightly bows her head at their Lunas.
We head back up to our suite as I need a shower before we are going ---- down again for dinner.
Everyone disappears into their bedrooms to get ready for dinner and I tell lone about Theseus request as I get my outfit for tonight out of the closet, I think Alastor might be right, I doubt his Father would have told him there is no more alliance or if he did why it was torn up.
Former Alpha Damon was an asshole according to my Father, he always made sure everyone knew how he felt about fated Mates and that males that chose their fated Mate over a chosen Mate were idiots.
He really believed that a fated Mate would weaken a male instead of strengthening him.
lone says.
I guess I should give him the benefit of the doubt, from what I have seen he is nothing like his Father and maybe we can discuss a new alliance between our Packs.
Maybe we can even discuss their border patrols, because I still dont understand how those work on their end.
Once I am out of the shower I get dressed, I put my hair in an updo with braids and I put on some mascara and a touch of eyeshadow.
Mom and Delia are talking about Theseus request in the living room and both of them agree that I should give him a chance to learn the whole truth.
Theseus Damien tries to explain to me why he rejected Amarah, but I quickly catch him on some lies as his story is ---- slightly different from five years ago and I decide to let him dig his own grave.
Theseus, when I met her she was just a meek female, she barely spoke to me.
Unlike Penelope she was more concerned about how she looked to others, I saw her flirting with unmated males all night and I didnt want to risk going through the pain of betrayal.
He says.
I look from him to Penelope, only to let my eyes drift back to him and I look him dead in the eye as I say, Amarah doesn't strike me as a female that is preoccupied with her looks, unlike another female I know.
She has been training hard ever since the invitation arrived, unlike a certain male I know.
As to the subject of betrayal I think she would have been on the receiving end instead of you, just like the two of you cheat on one and other.
I say and I see both of them pale.
I never knew for sure if they cheated, but their facial expression says it all.
Instead of having to face them both every single day I come up with the best way to punish them both and to resolve an issue that is becoming a problem, Damien, you better ask Penelope's Father to accept you into his Pack as I no longer want either of you to be part of mine.
You can come to visit our parents, but only after you get my permission and if you ever decide to come visit without my permission you will be thrown into the dungeons for a week.
Am I making myself clear? I look ---- at both of them and I sigh in relief as they both nod their heads: What about Joseph? Penelope asks and I act as if I misunderstood her question, Penelope, he is your Son.
Of course he will be going with you and Damien.
I reply, but I know that that is not what she meant by her question and it doesn't take long before Damien points out that Joseph is the heir to the Pack.
###Chapter 28
---- Damien, I would much rather hand over the Pack to Alastor of White Crescent Pack than have you ruin it by controlling every decision Joseph makes.
Hell, I might just hand it over to Amarah for that matter, at least one of them will be a better Alpha than Joseph.
I growl.
Neill and Josh had stepped out of the kitchen the moment Damien had said his first word to me and they had listened to the entire conversation, Josh, I want you and Neill to take them to Penelope's Father.
Make sure you stay outside their gate and repeat what happened here today.
If he doesnt accept them into his Pack you call me with the phone on speaker and I will banish them from my Pack, turning them Rogue.
If he does accept them you head back home and have the Omegas pack their belongings, except anything that belongs to Dark Mountain Pack.
Once everything is packed arrange for a moving company to pick everything up and have it delivered to their new Pack.
My instructions are clear and I know ---- Josh and Neill will follow them to the letter.
Apollo had left the room to pack their bags and as he drops them in front of Damien and Penelope it seems he finally understands.
Theseus, Father will never agree with this.
He will demand you bring us back.
Damien says and I know I will have a huge fight ahead of me with our Father, but I can handle that.
If Father wants to put up a fight I will give him a choice.
Either he accepts my decision or he can join you at your new Pack.
I say.
Penelope grabs her bag to open it and it only takes her a moment to realize her phone is not in there, Sorry, Penelope.
Your phone belongs to the Pack, just like Damien's phone.
Midas says and I have to suppress a smile as I see shock on her face.
The nanny we hired through the Hotel walks in with Joseph and Ajax quickly tells him that they are going to visit his other Grandparents, before Penelope can take advantage of the fact that there is a four year old present.
Joseph is jumping up and down, happy to go see his Grandparents.
They don't need to warn anyone of what just happened in here and have Josh and Neill end up in an ambush.
Midas says through our mind-link.
Neill grabs their bags as Josh walks to their own room to get his own bag and that of Neill.
See you in a few days, Alpha.
Josh says before they walk out of the door.
Midas hands me another coffee as Ajax announces he ---- is going to take a shower before dinner and Apollo and Midas follow him quickly.
Xanthos just finished his third coffee as I am sipping on mine, What are you going to do about Alpha Amarah? He asks before he puts his mug down.
I assumed she needed some time to thing about talking to me, so I approached Alastor with the request to ask her to call me to make an appointment.
I want to know if there is more we are unaware of and if she can shed some light on our alliance.
I tell him before we both get up to get ready for dinner.
My phone starts ringing as we walk towards our rooms.
and I see an unknown caller-ID.
This is Alpha Theseus.
I answer the call.
Alpha Amarah, I had not expected you to call me this soon.
I hope that is a good thing for me and my request.
I say.
Xanthos brows shoot up as he listens to me, Yes, tomorrow morning will be fine.
Should I ask the reception for a meeting room?" I listen to her response and for a moment I am at a lose for words.
Sure, I'll be there...
Yes, I will bring them along if you would like...
Tomorrow at eleven it is.
Have nice evening, Alpha Amarah.
Apollo, Ajax and Midas are staring at me and Xanthos asks me what she said, She wants us all to meet her in their suite, her Beta, Gamma, Deltas and family will be there as well.
She didnt even ask about Damien, maybe she guessed I wasn't to pleased with him.
I explain.
---- We are seated at our table when Amarah walks in with her Mother next to her, Alastor says something to her which makes her turn around and I want to growl at every male that looks at her.
I know everyone saw her during her matches in her form fitting outfit, but this is different.
She is wearing a burgundy jumpsuit with flared pants, the top is in the form of a halter top and closes with a button at the nap of her neck.
Her back is bare to just above her a*** and her tattoos are very visible in this outfit, more so than during her matches.
Linus is drooling over the way she looks in my head and Ihave to turn a little to get comfortable again.
###Chapter 29
---- Amarah My family is used to the outfits I wear, but Dad did a little when he saw my bare back and Mom told him to keep his eyes on the other Alphas and their families, Our Daughter at least has taste when it comes to her outfits, I can guarantee you some will wear more revealing outfits.
Dad knows that Mom is right about that and I hear a few growls as Alastor brings up the outfit Damiens Mate was wearing, it was a tight fitting little dress and it was way too short in my opinion.
Delia pulls the hem of her dress all the way up and I burst out in laughter as she bents over in front of Alastor, who mutters F*** as he looks at his Mate.
Dad shakes his head as he teasingly says, Behave yourself, Daughter.
Delia looks at him as she pulls her dress down, she smiles sweetly at him before she says, I just mooned my Mate.
Mom turns away from Dad and Delia as she tries really hard to keep her laughter in, but as you can guess she fails miserably.
After I discuss Theseus request once more with everyone I decide to put the man out of his misery, I walk into the bedroom I share with lone as I dial the number from his card, Hello, Alpha Theseus.
This is Alpha Amarah.
I listen as he expresses that he is surprised to hear from me this fast I talked to my family about your request and I am willing to meet with you tomorrow.
I tell him I want to ---- meet him and his men in my suite with the rest of my Pack-members, he reacts surprised to my request to meet in my suite and I suppress a smile at his tone I feel the eyes of every unmated male on my back as I turn to face Alastor, he holds his hands up in surrender because he knows I don't like the remark he made.
Getting a second chance Mate happens, but it can take a long time before you find them and I have not given up hope yet.
I hear low growls come from a table further to the back and as I turn towards our table I see Theseus and his men staring at some of the unmated males to show them they are not appreciative of the stares they give me.
Dad nods his head at them with a smile on his face and Mom bows her head slightly towards them.
Normally most of us would be attending a Full Moon party tonight, because as of midnight we will be able to find our fated Mate for the next three days and many Packs hold parties to help their Pack-members to find their fated Mate.
We don't have a party tonight as most have to get up early again for the matches of tomorrow.
Many unmated males pay our table a visit and nearly each of them asks if I will be staying until after midnight, but Delia is quick to shoot them down every single time.
The first time she askes me through the mind-link if she could answer and I had a feeling I understood why she wanted to do it, so I gave her my permission.
Every time she tells an Alpha, Beta or Gamma Alpha ---- Amarah doesn't have time, she needs to rest to kick all of your a*** in the next few days I hear growls coming from the table behind me and I know exactly which Pack is seated there.
Rhea tells me Theseus and his men laugh every time Delia speaks up, but that they also stare down Alpha Crios and his Pack-members.
Delia has noticed too that they are the reason Alpha Crios or her Father doesn't comment and she nods her head in thanks at Ajax.
Alastor has even gotten up to thank them in person and the entire room goes quiet the moment he says, See you tomorrow morning, Alpha Theseus.
He walks back to our table as we are all getting ready to leave and a lot of males and females stare between both tables.
If looks could kill, Alpha.
I hear lone say in my head and I roll my eyes at her, this is not something I wanted.
Now all eyes will be on me during the entire Competition, even more than they already would have been.
Now everyone would want to see what Alastors comment had been about.
I know that rumors will be flying before breakfast and I can't wait to hear all of them, not.
A lot of the females that came with their Fathers and Brothers had been ogling Theseus and his men all day, but I doubt any of them had noticed it and if they did they hadn't shown it.
###Chapter 30
---- Theseus Linus growls in my head as the first unmated male finds ---- the courage to walk up to Alpha Amarabs table and I have to fight him to keep his growls in, which I am able to do with a lot of talking back and forth.
I have no idea what his problem is, but it is getting annoying as hell.
The male asks Amarah if she will be staying until after midnight and my men and I glare at the moron, but I have to suppress a smile when I hear Delia say, Sorry, but Alpha Amarah won't have time to entertain you.
She needs her rest to kick some more a*** in the next few days.
I hear growls coming from her Father and Alpha Crios, while Ajax and Xanthos burst out in laughter.
Apollo and Midas just stare at the males as to say dont even think about it and neither gets up to put her back in her place.
Every time she speaks up half of us laugh while the other half glares at her Father and Alpha Crios.
Alastor comes over to our table to thank us for keeping an eye on his Mate's former Pack-members, I am sure they would have made a scene if it hadn't been for the five of you.
He says quietly, but as he walks away he says loud enough for everyone to hear, See you tomorrow morning, Alpha Theseus.
Every conversation in the room comes to a stop and I see a lot of females stare daggers at Amarah, while others stare at me and my men.
Linus is pressing forward, showing everyone he is not amused by their looks and thank the Goddess most have a brain.
One female doesnt seem to understand the glare Linus ---- and I give her as she winks at me, before she gets up to walk over to our table.
Looks as our que to get going.
Ajax says in my head and everyone gets up at once.
The female slows down as she is suddenly faced with five huge Werewolves.
Alpha Theseus, I was hoping you would stay until after midnight.
She says with what I guess is supposed to be a s*** smile on her face.
Midas looks her up and down, before he turns to me and says, Used goods.
The female's face pales as her Father gets up to come to her aid.
Alpha Theseus, I do not appreciate your Delta to spread lies about my Daughter.
Her Father shouts angrily and I have to agree with him, Midas can not go around saying something like that just to scare the female away.
I turn to Midas to scold him, but the look he gives me tells me he knows something no one else does.
Midas, care to explain yourself? I ask him and the small smile that appears on his face doesn't predict anything good, he turns to her Father as he says, This is not a lie, she is no virgin and that is what I meant when I said used goods.
Her Father demands a more detailed explanation and I realize that when Midas is done he is going to regret that demand.
Alpha Amarah and her Pack-members are no longer in the dining room and I wish I could go up to my suite as well, but I am going to be stuck here for a least a few more minutes.
I met your Daughter a year ago during a conference we had, you must remember that one ---- Alpha.
He says as he looks at me.
It takes me a minute to remember which conference he was talking about and that is when it hits me, this is the female that came on to all of my men.
She also took a shot at me and that is when Midas offered himself up, just to get her away from me.
He turns back to her Father as he starts telling him what happened during that conference and I see him getting angrier the more Midas tells him.
When Midas is finally done he has met the demand to give a detailed explanation, but I doubt this is something he wanted to know about his Daughter.
The female starts sobbing as he grabs her upper arm and drag her from the dining room, his Mate and all his Pack-members following them out.
Midas has a smirk on his face as he stares after them and I know he has something else to say, He asked, didnt he.
Midas says.
I see a few Alphas looking at their Daughters and I wonder if any of them ever tried anything with me or my men, Just one.
But she is mated now, so I doubt she will try anything.
Ajax answers my unspoken question and we finally leave all the prying eyes behind.
Linus has been restless ever since I got the call from Alpha Amarah and I have no idea what to do about his mood.
###Chapter 31
---- Amarah Minerva has been pacing in my head ever since we left the dining room, she didn't like the way one of the unmated females was looking at Theseus and I have to do my best not to laugh at her.
Why cant some females wait for their fated Mate? She growls and we both know I don't have the answer either.
Sometimes a male or a female takes a chosen Mate after their first Mate died and they have been waiting years for a second chance Mate, those are the ones we can all understand.
It is the ones that take a chosen Mate just because of the rank that we don't understand.
Females usually take a chosen Mate to get a High- ranking Mate and males tend to take a chosen Mate when they think they might get a weak fated Mate, but when it comes to fated Mates they are never weak as a fated Mate is the one that will strengthen you.
If a male or a female thinks their fated Mate is weaker than them they reject them in most cases, but I have known Werewolves and Lycans that took the time to get to know their fated Mate and in the end none of them rejected their fated Mate.
My Mother was an Omega in a Pack my Father visited a few years before he took over from my Grandfather, her Alpha told Dad to reject Mom as she was just an Omega.
Mom told me she expected him to reject her, but everyone had been stunned when Dad announced loudly, I, Atlas the future Alpha of White Crescent Pack ---- accept you Anthea as my Mate and Luna.
I never knew about this and Dad told me that Mom's former Pack still holds a grudge and it had taken my Grandfather a lot of talking and some threats to get Mom's parents and younger Sister out of that Pack as well.
In the end it was an alliance between our Packs that resolved the issue, but it was torn up when I took over as Alpha.
Minerva growls in my head as Eos tells us what happened in the dining room after we left and Delia is staring at her with wide eyes as Eos recounts the story Midas told.
Alastor is laughing his a*** off and I actually smile as I hear that Midas did as the female's Father had demanded.
lone decides to crash with Eos and Rhea to give me some time to myself and I sit down in an armchair in front of the window, just letting my mind wander to my two matches today.
I didnt ask anyone to watch the others competitors fight, I don't need to know their weakness as my name will be drawn last every time.
Minerva keeps bringing up images of Theseus and I try to get her mind of the man that has been haunting my dreams since the first time I saw him.
Before I started our exercise I had only glanced at the males, but after we left the clearing I took in all the males and Minerva had asked me if I was finally considering a chosen Mate.
If tomorrow we don't find our second chance Mate, ---- maybe we could ask Alpha Theseus.
Minerva says and I ask her why not one of the other men.
Ajax is a Beta, 6"3 with blond hair and marble grey eyes, Apollo is just a tat taller at 64 with dark brown hair and pure hazel eyes.
All men are taller than my 511 as Xanthos is 63 with light brown hair and hazel eyes and Midas is also 6"3 with dark blond hair and grey eyes, but Theseus is the tallest of them with his 65, jet black hair and ocean blue eyes.
I think that is also the reason why Minerva mentioned him.
Neither one of us wants a chosen Mate, but we love to tease the other with asking or talking about it and I know Minerva would never try to convince me to take Alpha Theseus as our chosen Mate.
Not with him being Damien's Brother and I doubt Theseus would accept knowing what his baby Brother did to me.
Minerva and I talk about tomorrow which is in less than thirty minutes and if this time we might be lucky enough to find him, if we can finally start a future we have wanted for many years now.
/ just hope it is not a male with the same ideas as Alpha Crios.
I say.
Minerva roars so unexpectedly I can't stop it from escaping my throat and I know the entire Hotel heard her, I just smile as my friends and family rush into my room.
Sorry, I think I annoyed Minerva a little to much by telling her I hope we don't find a Mate like Alpha Crios.
###Chapter 32
---- lone ---- I decide to give Amarah some time to herself, she needs to be alone on the night our Full Moon days start and I always make sure no one disturbs her.
It is a reminder of the night Damien rejected her and if she is not by herself it can get ugly.
Eos and Rhea are discussing the men from Dark Mountain Pack and Melia is in stitches as Eos speaks out the hope that each of us will be mated to one of them, she even has us paired up with them.
Okay, who did you pair together? I ask, but I know I am going to regret it.
Well, I thought it for a while and I needed to deal with a few scenarios before I had it perfect.
Amarah is an Alpha of her Pack, so I figured Theseus was out.
Eos is looking very serious as she speaks and walks back and forth at the end of the bed.
Then Ajax as a Beta would be the perfect Match, but then I figured she would kick his a*** within a day and that wouldn't be good for their relationship.
We try to keep our laughter in, but it is of no use with the mischievous look Eos gives us and we all know she is pulling our chains.
However, I would appreciate it if the Goddess did pair us with them.
I mean, there is five of them and five of us and our Packs are neighbors.
The moment the words leave her mouth we all know the problem with what she said, Shit, I forgot.
No, the Goddess can't be that cruel.
Eos whispers and I ask her if Alpha Theseus strikes her as a male that would turn her over, especially after he hears her story.
---- We all know he won't as he is known to be a fair but strict Alpha and ally.
He would probably go and find Khonsu to kick his a*** and tell him to stay away from Asteria, unless he wants to go to war with Alpha Theseus.
We all laugh as we think about Amarah being mated to Theseus and Damien being faced with her every single day.
Damien must know he threw away the grand prize for a mediocre prize, someone with no use to him what so ever if Theseus ever finds his chosen Mate.
We saw their Pup this morning and he will one day take over Dark Mountain Pack if Theseus doesn't find his second chance Mate or takes a chosen Mate.
I don't think Amarah would like to be confronted with that little b***, I dont think I would like that either.
Melia growls and we know that none of us will like it much, but she is mated to Damien and there for Theseus Sister in law.
If the Goddess decides to pair us together we will find a way to deal with Damien and his Mate.
Okay, so if Eos gets what she wants we know of at least three who they will be mated to, but what about Eos and Rhea.
I mean who do you think will be best suited for Eos or Rhea? Melia asks as she looks at me, I am the only one that can see the look in her eyes and I know exactly what she is thinking.
Well, lets see.
Which combination will make the cutest Pups?" I say as I look from Eos to Rhea, Auburn and light brown or auburn and dark blond.
That could make ---- some interesting Pups.
I muse as I keep looking from Eos to Rhea, but a mighty roar keeps me from speaking any further.
We all recognize the roar and we rush out the door of our room to bolt into Amarahs room with her family right behind us.
Eos nearly chokes in laughter as Amarah tells us why Minerva was roaring and I hear Delia mumble Eww at her words.
Eos, let's hope you're right, because that will at least solve that problem.
Rhea states and I know Amarah will demand an explanation the moment she has send her family from the room.
Atlas seems to understand Amarah wants answers we will not give as long as they are still in the room.
Sweetheart, don't stay up to long.
Alpha Theseus and his men will be here at eleven.
He says before he guides his Mate out of the room and Delia is pulling Alastor with her.
Alastor grew up with us and he knows that Rheas remark probably has a good story behind it.
Amarah stares at Eos for a while until Eos gets uncomfortable and finally tells her what we had been discussing in our room.
Amarah starts laughing the more Eos tells her and she is rolling on the bed by the time she gets to the start of our discussion on who would be mated to Eos; Xanthos or Midas.
And what was the outcome? Amarah asks and Rhea tells her how far we got on that subject.
Okay, let me clarify something.
Hair color is determined by genes and ---- not by your hair color and that of your Mate.
I actually know that she is right, but it had been fun teasing Eos and Rhea.
###Chapter 33
---- Theseus With Damien and Penelope on their way to her Father's Pack and two of my Warriors to escort them we no longer have to share rooms.
I dont mind sharing a room with Ajax or Apollo, but right now I just need some time to myself.
I practically ran to the elevator to get to our suite, I didn't need any other female to ask me if I want to stay and I knew my men felt the same way.
None of the females in that dining room at that moment held any interest for us and Linus would have ed loudly if I had taken one up on their silent offer.
I was glad Midas was able to shut the female down, even though he might have tried to use a little more tact and then I really mean just a little more tact.
I doubt she or her Father would have understood diplomacy, it probably would have made her more determent to stay close to me and Linus would not have taken that kindly.
Ihave already received three messages from my Father and I know that he is aware of the fact that Damien is no longer here, but he has no idea where he went or why he left.
Ademus knows my trip is taking a little longer and I actually got the impression that he was happy he would be in control of our Pack business a little longer.
He is the right man for the job, at least now you know you won't find any surprises.
Linus says and we both remember the day we finally figured out what Father had been doing or should I say wasn't doing.
With the way he ---- and my Mother spend money I figured we were doing great when it came to finances.
Only to find out that it was their spendings that nearly caused us to go bankrupt, he hadn't even tried to hide it very well and sometimes I wonder if he wanted to get caught.
Is he still waiting for the day I will finally figure it out and reveal what he did to the Pack? Maybe if I can get a few more answers tomorrow from Alpha Amarah I might just out him in front of the entire Pack and at the same time reveal that Damien won't be coming back, even though I have a feeling not many will be sorry to see him go.
Linus had perked up the moment I thought of Amarah and he recalls the image of her bare back in that outfit of hers, making both of us growl again at the thought of all those men looking at her.
I hope the Goddess gives her a second chance Mate that will treat her the way she deserves.
Like we would.
Linus states and I roll my eyes at him as he has a huge grin on his face.
What! We would treat her a whole lot better than most of the High-ranking Wolves present here today.
He growls and I can't argue with him on that, I know we would treat her a whole lot better.
Lam not sure if she would want us as a second chance Mate, Damien is my baby Brother and we both know what he did to her.
I reply and for a moment Linus is quiet.
doubt she would reject us for that reason and next to that you banished Damien from the Pack, she won't have to ---- deal with him if she doesnt want to.
Damn, that Lycan of mine can sometimes act smart Linus chuckles as he hear my thoughts and I see a smug look on his face, Yep he is damn proud of himself.
Apollo Midas really put that female in her place, but I have to say I hadn't recognized her until he brought up the conference and I don't think the others had recognized her either.
Thinking back I remember that at first she had struck me as a Pack w*** that the Alpha had brought along for his men.
She had been wearing a very short red skirt that barely covered her a*** and the red tank top barely covered her b***, she had completed her look with an updo on her hair and high heels.
It wasn't until she told me she was there with her Father that I realized she was looking for a chosen Mate.
I had been her first target and when I told her I was a Gamma she nearly ran away.
I had warned the others through the mind-link and after hitting on Ajax and Xanthos she had made her way over to Midas and Theseus.
Midas had told us through the mind-link not to refer to Theseus as our Alpha and to warn him the moment we were safe in our room.
He had taken the female to a room we had rented for Josh and he was told to stay away until further notice.
Whether or not Midas actually had sex with the female I ---- don't know, he would always say I dont kiss and tell and no matter what he never talked about that night.
###Chapter 34
---- Theseus says that Midas changed after that night and at first we didn't believe him, but after watching him for a few days we realized that Theseus was right.
His face turns a bit hard whenever we talk about meeting our fated Mates or when a female comes on to him, but other than that he is still the same guy.
Midas is pacing in the living room of our suite and I decide this is as good of a time as any to get some answers, Midas, when are you finally going to tell us what happened that night? I ask him and the others look at me in surprise, we hadn't asked that question for along time.
He stops dead in his tracks, just staring out of the window and I expect that he will not answer my question.
She was my fated Mate and rejected me when she found out I was just a Delta.
Midas says without looking at any of us.
She still is a power hungry female and I am glad she didn't get her hands on Theseus.
Theseus Apollo opens the link as he asks Midas a question we all want an answer to, but he has never answered it until today that is and when I hear his answer I jump of the bed to head for the living room.
As I step into the living room a mighty roar has the five of us looking at one and other, but we have no idea where it came from.
---- Maybe she finally told her Father the truth.
Xanthos offers and Midas actually starts laughing.
Yeah as if.
You think she will tell him she f*** her fated Mate and then rejected him because he is just a Delta.
Xanthos stares at him for a moment before he starts laughing as well.
We all try to imagine how a conversation like that might go and it doesn't take long before we are all in stitches.
Ajax and Xanthos try to reenact how the conversation might have gone and it gets worse by the minute.
Midas has tears rolling down his face, while Apollo is holding on to his stomach.
It has been a long time since we have been this relaxed and I truly hope that tomorrow my men will find their fated Mate, in Midas case a second chance Mate.
/ would like to find ours as well.
Linus states and I tell him from your mouth to the Goddess ears.
After we have calmed down we just sit in the living room and talk about the day we just had, Xanthos has a strange look on his face as if he is miles away.
Ajax pulls him from his thoughts as he throws a pillow at him and asks him where he was.
Thinking about Alpha Amarats friends, I wouldn't mind if one of them is my fates Mate.
Not so sure if Alpha Amarah would like to lose one of her friends to our Pack, not that she would stop her friend from happiness.
Xanthos says and Ajax tells him he wouldn't mind that either.
---- I look at Midas as Apollo asks Xanthos who he would prefer, but Xanthos is a smart man when it comes to answering that question, Whoever the Goddess pairs.
me with.
Apollo just stares at him and Ajax chuckles at his dumbfounded expression.
After my first Mate I thought I had had enough of females, but I think I wouldn't mind one of them as my second chance.
The way they respect their Alpha tells me that they are not power hungry.
Midas says and for a while we discuss Alpha Amarah and her friends.
Ajax asks me who I think is her Beta and Gamma and I let the males run through my mind to see who would fit those ranks, there were four males with her at the Competition.
We discuss each of them, but it is difficult to figure out which male takes up which rank.
One of them is definitely a Delta according to Ajax, He lacks the authority of a Beta or Gamma, but his whole demeaner is that of a High-ranking Warrior and that is why I think he is one of her Deltas.
None of us argue with his explanation.
Itis after midnight when we finally turn in for the night, our first contact with any females while be with Alpha Amarah and her family and friends.
I hope my men will find one of them to be their Mates, they will make my men happy and my men will do anything for those females.
As will we for our second chance Mate.
Linus tells me and with those words running through my mind I slowly ---- droft off to sleep.
###Chapter 35
---- Amarah Minerva woke me up at seven this morning, she was pacing in my head and she seemed a bit off.
I dont think she has ever acted like that before and I have been asking her over and over again what is wrong with her, but Minerva doesn't have answers for me.
I have asked her if there was danger around, but according to her everything is fine and when I asked Myles through the mind-link he confirmed that everything was fine.
I asked her if something was wrong with Alastor, but she told me he was fine and I even took a risk by linking him to ask him if he was okay.
lone walks into my room to announce that breakfast will be served shortly and I can tell that she is not there completely either.
What is wrong, lone? I ask her and soon we are discussing why our Wolves are acting so strange, Well, it is not just ours.
Eos, Rhea and Melia are experiencing the same thing with their Wolves.
She states.
Minerva, could it be that you are sensing our second chance Mate? I know we cant smell him if he is not close by, but could you be able to sense him.
I ask her and she tilts her head to the left as she thinks about my question.
I am still waiting for her answer when I walk into the dining room of our suite.
Mom can tell I am debating something with Minerva and she asks if she might be of some help, so I ask her the same question I asked Minerva.
Mom has a small smile ---- on her face as she says, My Wolf was the same the day I met your Father, we didnt understand it at that moment and it took us a while to see it.
But looking back on how she felt and what happened that day we both agreed that it had to do with finding our fated Mate.
You know the entire story of that day and in a few hours all of you will, when I tell you my story of the day I found my Mate you will understand this a whole lot better.
Mom says.
Mom is right I know the entire story and as I replay it in my head I realize what she meant, her Wolf had been acting strange as well.
She had even thought for a moment that someone else might have been her fated Mate, but luckily she had had enough control over her Wolf to stop her from doing something stupid.
Knowing Mom's background and the way she was raised I know it wasn't that strange for her Wolf to almost make that mistake, but I am glad it all turned out the way it was supposed to.
Mom, are you sure you want to tell everyone? I ask her, even though I already know the answer.
I just want to give her a way out of this if she doesn't want anyone else to know what almost happened that day.
She tells me she is sure, that everyone deserves to know the truth about a few things and that it will clarify another subject not many know the truth about.
Theseus ---- Linus, stop acting like an idiot.
I can't make heads or tails from your behavior and quiet frankly it is driving me nuts.
I growl at my Wolf for the umpteenth time this morning.
The damn idiot woke me at seven in the morning and he doesn't even have an explanation for it.
Midas walks into the dining room of our suite and he looks as if he is about to rip someone a second asshole, but I cant imagine he would be that angry with one of us.
Midas, what has you so agitated? I ask him.
AllI get is a growl as he fills his mug with coffee and I know I won't get an answer until he has finished his coffee.
My Wolf is annoying as hell.
He growls the moment he has emptied his mug and I tell him to join the club.
Within minutes all my men tell me their Wolves are acting strange and it is something none of us have felt before.
It reminded me of when I met my first Mate, but somehow this felt different as well.
So, as I already said it makes no sense at all.
I ask Midas if he felt something like this before, Yes and No.
He answers.
It reminds me of when I met my first Mate, but it also feels different.
If that makes any sense at all.
He growls and I actually understand what he means by that.
My phone ringing halts our conversation and I put it on speaker when is see the caller-ID, Josh, how did it go? I ask him.
Well, her Father accepted them without much arguing.
Harver was there as well and I think he told his Father what happened all those years ago.
###Chapter 36
---- I have to warn you thou, Damien called your Father the moment he was across Pack borders and I could hear that your Father was not amused.
He even tried to order me to take Damien and Penelope back with me, but I told him I only follow my Alpha's orders.
I can hear a chuckle in the background, which I assume is from Neill.
Thanks for the heads up.
We will turn our phones to silent, so send a message if you need to talk to anyone of us and we will call you back the moment we see it.
I tell Josh before I disconnect the call.
My men already turned the sound of on their phones and I do it before I put it back on the table.
It only takes a moment before I see my phone light up and the caller-ID for my Father is shown on the screen, but I ignore it as I dig into my food.
By the time we are finished with breakfast I have three missed calls from my Father and my men each have one missed call from him.
During breakfast we talked about Alpha Amarah and White Cresent Pack, I hope she can answer some of the questions we all have and I plan on using the afternoon to talk to some other Alphas.
My Father left behind a bigger mess than I thought and even though it is no excuse my need to get our finances back on track kept me from looking further.
Delia 1am listening to Amarah talk about Minerva's behavior and it reminds me of Yalas behavior on the day I met ---- Alastor.
She had been acting different from usual, it had become annoying the longer it lasted and we couldn't figure it out either that day.
That was of course until the door of the SUV opened and I smelt Alastors scent, looking back it all makes sense.
Yala was so happy to find our Mate that she didn't allow me to dwell on the past and made me jump into Alastors arms, not that I am holding it against her.
Alastor is the best thing that ever happened to me and I still thank the Goddess every day for giving me the strength to run away.
I am still grateful for Alpha Mason and his Brother, they found me a Pack that was willing to take me in and they were willing to escort me.
My Father and Alpha Crios made it pretty difficult for me to leave, they were constantly watching the borders and I wish I could have seen the look on their faces when they figured out Alpha Mason fooled them.
A Pack- member had volunteered to wear some of my clothes and she would stay with the two Warriors that had been with me from day one.
They walked out of the Pack-house that morning as I had done every morning and led my Father and Alpha Crios away from where I was with Tycho.
The moment he got the all clear from Alpha Mason we made a run for it and thirty minutes later we were in the SUV that brought me to my future.
I really hope that the behavior of their Wolves has everything to do with finding their fated Mates, each of ---- them deserve to finally be complete and I truly hope they find Mates that can handle their positions in life.
When Alastor told me what had happened to Amarah I asked him how she survived that ordeal, I know that after hearing what Minerva did I should be terrified of her but I am not.
Amarah has been kind to me from the moment we met and she will go through hell and back for me.
I still have to remind myself every day that I am no longer living with my Father and that my opinion matters to the people around me.
Mom will never leave my Father and I have to come to terms with the fact that after today I might never see her again.
Alastor can feel the turmoil inside me as he pulls me closer, he doesn't say anything as he knows where my mind is going.
We talked about this last night and he told me that he will find away to tell my Mom if she ever wants to get away from my Father all she has to do is go to Alpha Mason.
We both agreed that she probably wouldn't take him up on that offer, but Alastor feels obligated to make the offer anyway.
He asked me how I felt seeing all of them again and I could honestly tell him I no longer felt fear for any of them.
I told Alastor that that was why I asked Amarah if I could answer the unmated males that came to our table, Alastor laughed his a*** off as we both remembered how my Father and Alpha Crios reacted.
Which reminds me, I ---- have to thank Alpha Theseus and his men when I get the chance today.
###Chapter 37
---- Damien Joseph is talking to Penelope about visiting her parents, but the boy doesn't understand that he will never go back to Dark Mountain Pack again.
Unless it is to visit my parents of course and only if Theseus agrees to let us visit.
My mind wanders back to the woman that ruined my life in more ways than one.
I saw her that day as she walked around the garden, but she looked like a China doll in that dress and I needed a female that could take care of herself.
Not in a million years would I have figured that she was Alpha Atlas Daughter or that she was the future heir to White Crescent Pack.
F***, if only I had known I would have been leading White Crescent Pack now.
Instead I am stuck with a Mate that annoys the hell out of me and a Son that is no longer of any use to me, Theseus made it clear Joseph will never take over the Pack from him.
Penelope and I have both asked Neill and Josh for their phones to contact Penelope's Father, but neither one of them is acknowledging our presence in the SUV.
The only one that gets answers out of them is Joseph and he only asks them stupid, irrelevant questions.
I wonder if we will stop for the night at a motel or hotel, but knowing the trip will take us hours I doubt it.
Neill and Josh probably want to get rid of us as fast as they can and I hope I will be able to call Dad before they leave, so he can order them to take me and Penelope ---- back with them.
Mommy, why was that woman so mad at Daddy? Joseph asks and everyone in the SUV goes quiet.
Penelope asks him what he is talking about and he tells us he saw the match on a screen, She looked really mad at Daddy when she walked into the arena.
He says.
F***, my own Pup saw me get my a*** handed to me by a female.
My Wolf chuckles in my head, it is the first I have heard from him since Amarah kicked my a***.
Penelope and I dont know how to answer this question, but I wish I had been able to stop Neill from responding.
Your Dad really hurt her.
Do you remember what Uncle Theseus told you about fated Mates? Neill asks and Joseph just nods his head.
I had been there that day and I still wish I could have stopped Theseus from telling Joseph.
Joseph had been asking questions about fated Mates for nearly a week after that and everyone had been more than willing to answer all of his questions.
Joseph even announced he would wait for his fated Mate just like his Uncle and his men.
She was your Dad's fated Mate and he rejected her for your Mother.
Neill states and Joseph just looks between me and his Mom, but he doesn't say a word.
He doesn't speak a word after that and I wonder when the bomb is going to explode.
We make a few short stops along the way and each time ---- we are allowed out of the SUV one by one, but they don't allow Joseph to exit the SUV.
Not that he wants to or can because he is fast asleep, Penelope keeps giving him worried looks and I know she is wondering as well when he will blow up.
It is near eight in the morning when we finally reach Penelope's old Pack and Neill pulls to a stop about twenty feet away from the gate.
He locks the doors the moment Josh is out of the vehicle and we watch him walk towards the gate to talk to the guards.
After a few minutes an SUV stops on the other side of the gate and Penelope's Father and Brother get out.
We can hear them greet Josh as Neill cracked open the windows a little and Harver asks him why they don't come in for a while, but Josh tells him that he is following Alphas orders.
Alpha Theseus requests you take your Daughter, her Mate and her Son into your Pack, if you don't he will turn them Rogue.
They are not allowed to visit Dark Mountain Pack without the approval of Alpha Theseus.
Reason for this punishment has to do with the fact that Damien rejected his fated Mate.
I have a feeling Harver already showed you how he did that and I can tell you that Alpha Theseus was not amused at all.
He also decided that Joseph will not be taking over Dark Mountain Pack if Alpha Theseus dies without an heir.
Josh tells my Father in law and I can tell that the males are not pleased.
---- Of course I will take in my Daughter, her Mate and my Grandson.
You can tell your Alpha that if he ever wants to see his Nephew he can ask me for permission to visit them.
I chuckle at the words of my Father in law, he never liked my Brother and he is not afraid to show it to anyone.
###Chapter 38
---- Josh walks back to the SUV to get our bags from the trunk, while Penelope rushes towards her Father with Joseph in her arms and the moment I am near Harver I ask him for his phone.
I call my Dad to inform him of what Theseus has done, but I don't tell him why Theseus did it.
I had put the phone on speaker and Dad tries to order Josh to bring us home, but Josh just says, I am following my Alphas orders.
If you don't like it I suggest you contact him yourself.
Before he turns on his heel and walks back to the SUV without looking back for a second.
Dad is still cussing and swearing as I walk back to the Pack-house with Harver, I told Penelope I needed sometime to myself and I am glad she accepted it without questioning me.
I disconnect the call when Dad tells me that he will talk to Theseus.
Do you know that every Wolf at the Competition saw how you rejected Alpha Amarah? Harver asks and I have to tell him I was knocked unconscious by her.
He grabs his phone to push a few buttons and seconds later I am watching footage from the night I rejected my Mate.
---- F***.
She really got her revenge, didnt she? I ask no one in particular as I return the phone to Harver.
Theseus reaction is making more sense now that I know she released that footage and I know that there will be nothing Dad can say to make him change his mind.
Theseus had a fated Mate once and he can't understand why anyone would settle for anything other than a fated Mate, but I know I could never be faithful to any female.
I love how every female reacts differently to the things I do to them and somethings Penelope will never allow me to do to her.
Neill I wasn't surprised to find out that Penelope was not his fated Mate, but I was surprised to find out that he actually found his fated Mate and the way he rejected her.
I think I can find at least three males in our Pack that slept with Penelope after Joseph was born, not that I will tell my Alpha.
Hearing my Alpha tell them their punishment makes me want to chuckle, but I keep my face straight as I see both of them pale and I send Simon a message to make sure most of their belongings will be packed by the time we get back home.
Jeanet will make sure it is done in secret as she can do a lot without anyone finding out, with anyone I actually mean our former Alpha.
Josh had a smile on his face when Joseph asked about Alpha Amarah and it got bigger as I told him the truth.
I ---- know they are his parents, but I also know Joseph wants a fated Mate and I hope he will be able to stand up to his parents when the day comes that he will have to make a choice.
Damon can order all he wants, but it won't do him any good as he is no longer our Alpha and I chuckle as I hear Josh put him in his place.
I chuckle again as he recounts what happened to Alpha Theseus and I hope Damon won't give us too much grieve when we return home.
After talking to our Alpha Josh calls Simon to let him know that they have turned their phones to silent and Simon demands he tells him all that happened.
Simon sounds a lot happier and I know it has everything to do with Jeanet, they are a great couple.
Jeanet is already packing their stuff and everything of value is put in Alpha Theseus room, just to make sure Damon or Gaia don't get their hands on it.
Remind me there is something I need to discuss with Alpha Theseus when he gets back, not that it will change anything in Damien's punishment.
It is just something I want him to know, just in case they ever come here to visit.
Simon says and it takes us a few tries before he confides in us.
Josh is growling and I am grabbing the steering wheel to keep my Wolf from pushing forward.
If that idiot sets foot on Pack grounds again I know of at least three Wolves that will give him hell and I'm afraid even our Alpha won't be able to stop it, not that I believe ---- he will try to stop it as long as Damine keeps breathing.
Theseus might join us once he hears what Simon has to say.
I cant believe he actually did that to her or that she actually went back for more, not that I can blame him for liking it that way.
I remember the first time a female asked me to do it to her and my first instinct was to run out the door, but I am glad I didnt.
From time to time I still pay the female a visit, we both need a sexual release from time to time and we know there are no strings attached.
She lost her Mate almost fifteen years ago, but still hasn't found her second chance Mate and I am still looking for my fated Mate.
###Chapter 39
---- Penelope Over five years ago Dad told me we had gotten an invitation to celebrate that Alpha Atlas and Luna Anthea had been leading their Pack for forty years, that it be an opportunity for me to find a Mate and that he wouldn't settle for anything less than an Alpha for his Princess.
Dad always called me his Princess and he spoiled me rotten over the years as I was the only female among four males, my Brothers all did the same as I was the Benjamin in the family.
I never knew our Mom and I believe that is the reason why they spoiled me.
My Brothers had known our Mom as they had grown up and Mom and Dad had given up on having another Pup, but when Harver was fifteen Mom had gotten pregnant again.
Everyone was hoping for a female this time around and they had gotten what they had hoped for, but at a very high price.
Mom had died giving birth to me, but not once have I felt as if anyone held it against me.
My Brothers and our Dad always told me that I would become a Luna one day and Dad made sure I knew what the duties of a Luna were, I did most of them for our Pack as Dad never took another Mate.
I had bought a sexy red dress with matching high heels, the dress was made of lace with a deep plunging V-neck and flared from the waist to end mid-thigh.
Harver and Jane helped me pick it out as Dad trusted them with it the most and both of them knew what Dad wanted for ---- me.
My two oldest Brothers were barely talking to Dad and Harver at that time as neither of them understood why anyone would take a chosen Mate over a fated Mate, they didn't like that Dad was leading me down that path as well and they tried to convince me that a fated Mate would be better for me.
I always knew I wanted a chosen Mate, because that meant I could have a Mate with a High rank and if I would wait for my fated Mate I might end up with an Omega.
Even my Wolf couldnt stand the thought of that, like me my Wolf wanted the life style we were raised with and neither of us wanted to risk getting less.
When we got to the party we were informed that it was a surprise party and only a few Packs had been invited.
I saw that every male with a High rank that was present were males that had a Mate already and I was disappointed to find out there were no unmated High ranking males.
That was until Dad linked me that he had met the Alpha of Dark Mountain Pack and that he was willing to take me as a chosen Mate, but it wasn't until after we left the Pack-house of White Crescent Pack that his words finally sank in.
He hadn't used his Alpha title to reject his fated Mate and when I asked him about it I found out his Brother was the Alpha I talked about it through the mind-link with Dad and he told me to stay with Damien and go after his Brother as ---- we would both be living in the same Pack-house.
I knew Dad was right, I was an Alphas Daughter and a gorgeous female.
I didn't think it would be hard to get Theseus in my bed, but damn I had been mistaken about that.
Theseus had a fated Mate once and knew what it felt like to have a fated Mate, so he refused to settle for anything less than his second chance Mate.
Damien and I had Joseph six months later and when I tried to get in bed with my Mate again he ignored me most of the time.
At first it bothered me until I reminded myself I wanted his Brother, also the sex with Damien had always been a little tame for my taste.
No matter what I tried Damien didnt get my hints when it came to our sex life, except maybe spell it out to him Most of the time I had to think back to my first lover to get an o***, sometimes I even had to think of him to get heated enough to accept Damien when he wanted to sleep with me.
Jane pulling me in for a hug pulls me from my thoughts and I give her a small smile as she asks me how I am doing.
Jane knows me better than anyone in our family and I know she will insist on a little girl time tonight.
Where is Damien? She asks and I tell her he is walking back with Harver.
She pulls me up the stairs as an Omega looks at me with an angry look and I wonder what that is all about.
The moment she closes the door behind us she tells me ---- that everyone knows how Damien rejected his fated Mate and some of our Pack-members are angry with both of us.
###Chapter 40
---- How was your time with Damien? I ask her as I look at the screen of her phone.
If my Mate thinks I am not aware of the fact he f*** my Sister in law, than he is in for a big surprise.
Jane had confided in me that Harver loves sharing her with another male or to watch as she gets f*** by another male.
Thinking about that pulled me back to a time I was very curious about sex and especially about unmated males with an edge, a male that would take charge in the bedroom.
It still turns me on thinking back to those days.
I had just turned sixteen when she had told me and I had asked her how that worked, she told me she would link me the next time it would happen.
Which was only two days later and I watched as Harver and one of our Warriors had taken her together.
That scene is what I used that night to give myself an o***, but I knew I wanted to feel what a male could do to me and the next morning I had started my search for an unmated male.
Most of the unmated males in our Pack were crossed of my list quickly, for a variety of reason I might add and I had given up on losing my virginity when something unexpected happened.
Dad and I went to visit my Grandparents and his Beta joined him as his Sister was living in the same Pack as ---- my Grandparents.
Unfortunately Dad received a call from his Gamma and he needed to go back home, but I didn't want to leave yet.
His Beta had offered to take me back with him as it would give me a few more days with my Grandparents.
On our way home we were spending the night in the same Hotel as on the way over, but Dad had accidentally pulled the reservation on the second room and that meant I had to spend the night in a room with my Father's Beta.
He assured me that he would sleep on the couch and I could take the bed.
I knew I was safe with him as I had known him my whole life, so I didnt think twice about agreeing with him and we went up to the room to get some sleep before continuing our drive home.
I had already gotten ready for the night and into the bed as he walked out of the bathroom in nothing but his boxers.
He looked so damn hot in just his boxers and even though he was a few years younger than my Dad you couldn't tell by looking at him.
The image of him in his boxers kept playing in my mind and before I could stop it my panties were soaking wet, just from thinking about it.
I was so engrossed in my thoughts I hadn't heard him walk over to the bed and I squealed as I heard him say, You better stop whatever it is you are thinking about or you won't leave this room a virgin.
I looked at him to see that he was very serious and just the thought of him taking my V-card turned me on even more.
---- I heard him growl before he crawled onto the bed and he looked at me as if he wanted to give me a chance to stop him, but there was no way in hell I was going to stop him.
He pulled me close to him as he slammed his lips to mine, one of his hands tangled in my hair as the other started to roam down my body.
His tongue swiped my bottom lip and he took the chance to deepen the kiss as I gasped.
His hand was kneading my b*** and from time to time he would pinch my n*** gently.
He gave both b*** the attention they needed and my breathing became heavier from the kiss and the attention he gave my b***.
I whimpered the moment he broke the kiss and he chuckled softly as he looked into my eyes, before he started placing kisses on my face.
He kissed his way down to my neck, making his way over to the spot where I would have the mark from my Mate one day.
I m*** as he started to lick and suck on that spot and within seconds the room was filled with the scent of my a***, his hand traveled further down my body as he kept licking and sucking my neck.
I had been so preoccupied I hadn't even noticed that he had removed the sheet That was until he placed himself between my legs and broke the kiss to let his eyes roam down my body.
My breathing hitched as his eyes stopped on my soaking wet panties and I heard him g*** as his hands slowly ran from my knees to my p***.
---- He ripped my panties out of the way as he kept staring at my core and I felt myself getting even wetter, something I thought was impossible.
My back arched of the bed as one of his fingers ran from my backdoor all the way up to my clit.
He smirked at me as he repeated his ministration and I saw his eyes darken with l*** as I m***, he was driving me nuts with the slowness of his actions.
He had put his thumb on my clit as his other hand had disappeared between our bodies and I m*** loudly as he slipped a finger into my p***.
F***, this feels better than I thought it would.
He mumbled and I had looked at him in surprise, I have been wanting to do this ever since you turned sixteen, Princess.
He growled as he had started sliding his finger in and out of me, while he had pressed his thumb down on my clit.
His ministrations had remained slow as he kept looking at my face and I had felt the heat in my body build up, until he told me to come which I did without thinking about it.
He kept sliding his finger in and out of me until I had come down from my o***.
###Chapter 41
---- Penelope I hadn't realized I had closed my eyes until they snapped open when he had put his c*** against my entrance, Princess, this will hurt a little.
I will take it slow, just try to relax.
He had whispered as he watched his c*** disappear into my core.
My first instinct had been to get away from him as his c*** stretched my p***, but he had held onto my hips as he pushed deeper into me and the moment his c*** was touching my hymen he had slammed his c*** into my core in one hard thrust.
I had screamed as he broke my hymen, but the longer he had kept still the better I started to feel and soon I had lifted up my hips.
It had been all the initiative he had needed from my side as he started to pull his c*** back, before he pushed it back into my body.
Like before he had kept his ministrations slow and the heat had started building up once again, my breathing had become more labored the closer I had gotten to my o***.
F***, Princess.
Your p*** feels so f*** delicious around my c***, I am going to c*** soon and I am going to c*** inside you.
He grumbled.
His words had made me clench around his c*** as I had felt myself getting closer to the edge and instead of backing away from him I told him to c*** inside me, I want to feel you c*** inside me, I want you to empty yourself inside my p***.
I had whispered and that had pushed both of us over the edge.
---- We had repeated this a few times that night before we finally fell asleep and when I had woken up in the morning I had been sprawled over his chest, Goodmorning, Princess.
Just a friendly warning for the future, last night was your first time and I went easy on you That stops right now.
He growled as he had slammed me down on his c***.
I had gasped at the intrusion, but he had not given me the time to adjust to his huge c*** and it had taken a few minutes before my body had gotten used to him slamming into my core.
He used my body the way he wanted and the harder he slammed into me the harder I m***, it felt so f*** good and it hadn't taken long before I had matched his rhythm.
I had seen it the moment he was close to coming and I had leaned forward to tell him to come inside me.
He had been my first and until Damien my only one, but I had never felt myself come the way he could.
None of the males in Dark Mountain Pack I f*** over the years could compare to him and I am glad I am back home again, I just hope he didnt find a second chance Mate after I left.
Jane pulls me from my thoughts as she whispers in my ear, Do you need me to get Cooper? I smile at her as I smell my own a*** in the room and I can feel that my panties are soaking wet, just from thinking about him.
I can keep Damien occupied and Joseph is with my Mom as we speak.
---- I think about it for a second, before I nod my head at her.
I need to get f*** good and hard and Cooper is the only one that can give it to me the way I like it, maybe I should have told Dad I wanted him as my chosen Mate instead of someone from another Pack.
Before my mind can wander the door to my bedroom opens and Jane walks out of my room as Cooper walks in, he keeps looking at me as he slams the door shut behind him.
Hello, Princess.
Did you miss me? Cooper asks as he grabs under my arms to slam me against the wall.
My legs wrap around his waist the moment he lifts me of the bed and I feel his c*** press against my core as my back gets pressed against the wall.
Yes, I missed you.
I whisper as I grind my hips, I love the feeling of his c*** against my core.
I missed that little p*** of yours, I missed how it feels around my c*** and I intent to get familiar with it once more, Princess.
He whispers near my ear as he pushes his c*** harder against my core.
I don't care if that Mate of yours finds out, you are mine.
Maybe if he is lucky I will let him watch as I take you in any way I want.
I m*** as he mentions Damien watching us and the look on his face tells me he will make it happen.
Maybe we can do to you what he and Harver do to Jane.
Share that tight little body of yours.
I shatter as he presses his c*** against my core again.
Before Cooper and I can take this any further I hear my ---- Father's voice in my head, Get to the living room now.
Cooper quickly puts me on his feet as he tells me that Jane linked him, he kisses the top of my head before he walks out the door.
###Chapter 42
---- I take a look in the mirror to see if I look okay and I know I can blame my appearance on the fact that we were in an SUV all night.
As I descent the stairs I hear Damien, Joseph, buddy..
He doesn't say anything furthers as I hear a thud The further down the stairs I get the more I can see and I know exactly what is going on, Joseph blew a casket.
Someone must have said something to set him off and I have a feeling it was an answer to a question he asked, probably about fated Mates.
The moment I step in to the living room Harver pulls me behind him and a book Joseph threw barely misses me.
Penelope, what is going on here? My Father asks and I know he expects an answer from me, but I am not sure I want to answer him with everyone present.
Dad, I don't think...
I don't get to finish my sentence as another book flies through the room, You took Daddy away from his Mate.
Daddy hurt his Mate for you.
I dont want to be here, I dont want you as my parents.
I hear Joseph growl and as I look at him I see something I always brushed off as a myth.
Everyone can see his Wolf pushing forward and both of them look seriously pissed off.
Joseph pushes Damien out of the way as he stalks over to Harver and even ---- though he is only five years old I see Harver stiffen.
Give me your phone.
Joseph growls at him.
Harver pulls his phone from his back pocket to hand it to Joseph and without saying another word he walks out of the living room.
I just stare after him, because I have no idea how to react to his outburst and I have no idea what he wants with Harvers phone.
Damien Harver and I were almost at the Pack-house when someone linked him and he told me we had to get to the Pack-house immediately, something about Joseph being upset.
F***, he is blowing a casket.
I say to Jude and my Wolf tells me it is my own fault.
I look at Harver the moment we see a book flying through the living room and we run into find it wasn't the first one he had thrown.
Jane stares at Joseph as her Mother tries to calm him down, but every time someone says something to him another book goes flying.
I try to calm him down, but it is of no use and I know the worse is still to come.
I cant link Jane to ask her what happened because I am not part of this Pack yet and that really sucks right now.
I hear it the moment Penelope comes down the stairs and I try once more to calm him down.
The book he throws flies by his Mother as Harver is fast enough to pull her out of the way, my Father in law asks a question and as Penelope starts to answer him ---- Joseph throws another book her way.
I listen to Joseph as he speaks and I see his Wolf right in front with him, scaring the shit out of me After he leaves the room we are all quiet for a few minutes and Penelope and Jane start putting the books back on the shelfs, I think we are all stunned to find his Wolf is already present.
I want answers and I want them now.
Elias growls.
Maeve tells him she was in the living room with Joseph when he had asked about fated Mates and that a few of the She-wolves present had told him how they had met their Mate, how it felt to have a fated Mate.
Joseph asked what could happen if you reject your fated Mate and when I explained to him that it hurts the Wolf and the Human he lost it, but he wouldn't tell me why.
I explain to Elias that Theseus told Joseph about fated Mates about a year ago and how he had responded to it, He announced that he would wait for his fated Mate just like everyone else, that he wanted to have what his parents had.
Elias knows that Penelope and I are chosen Mates and his next question stuns everyone to silence, How did he find out his parents are not a fated couple? Penelope tells him that one of the Warriors that dropped us of answered a question he asked on the way over here.
Maeve is mumbling under her breath and the look on her face doesn't predict anything good, Jane, I will be heading home.
I always had my suspicions, but Joseph ---- really opened my eyes.
You made this choice for yourself and you will have to live with it, but I won't be a part of it.
If you want to come for a visit I suggest you leave Harver at home and I hope you understand that you will have to answer to your Father about this.
She says as she gets up to walk out of the room and I see Jane's face pale.
###Chapter 43
---- Theseus We are about to leave our suite when my phone starts ringing and I see I have a video-call from an unknown number.
I pick up to be faced with a very angry looking little boy and I can see his Wolf is right there with him, Joseph, are you okay? I ask.
Apollo steps closer to me and soon I hear him over the mind-link telling the others who I have on the phone.
Thees, I dont want them as my parents.
I want to come home.
Joseph growls and I see that Xanthos is typing on his phone, but I have no idea with whom.
Joseph, can you tell me what happened? I ask him, even though I have a feeling this has to do with what Josh told me and I think he connected a few dots on his own.
He tells me what he has been feeling ever since I told him about my fated Mate and how he felt something was off with his parents after that.
He explains that after Neill told him the truth he realized that his parents had lied to him his whole life and that certain things finally started to make sense, like his Dad coming out of Harver's room in the middle of the night.
Or his Mom coming out of the room of one of the Warriors back home.
When I saw Alpha Amarah looking at Daddy I knew he had hurt her in some way, but it wasnt until Luna Maeve told me that by rejecting her he hurt both her and her Wolf that Griffin really pushed forward.
We don't like what they did to her and if I can't come home we will run ---- away.
He answers me.
Joseph, I am not saying you cant come home.
We just need to find a way to get you home without starting a war with your Grandfather.
Do you understand that? I ask him and after a short silence he tells me he understands.
A noise in the background makes him turn his head and soon Luna Maeve appears on my screen, Alpha Theseus, I will take him with me while you try to figure out a way to get custody.
I will tell his parents it might be best if they are apart for a few days, that Joseph needs to come to terms with what he discovered today.
I will tell them that as long as he is around them he will stay angry at them, Alpha Elias will help me convince them without realizing it.
Appearance is everything to him and a little boy having tantrums is something he can do without.
She says and I actually smile, because she is absolutely right Luna Maeve, take my number from that phone and text me once the two of you are on your way to your Pack.
I am on my way to a very important meeting, a meeting I hope will give me a lot of answers I have been looking for.
I say before we disconnect the call and I step into the elevator.
We are all quiet as we make our way over to Alpha Amarats suite and the closer we get the more annoying Linus becomes.
We can all tell that Midas is annoyed with his Wolf and I assume he is dealing with the same ---- thing I am, like it seems the rest is dealing with as well.
Mate, Mate.
Linus yells in my head and I see my men have strange looks on their faces, Let me guess.
Your Wolves are yelling Mate.
I say and four heads snap in my direction.
Before I can say anything else the elevator ding sounds and the door slowly opens.
Probably not as slowly as it seems to go, but with my Mate on the other side of that door it cant open fast enough in my opinion.
Apollo Since midnight Roman has been acting strange, he is more restless than he has ever been before and I am getting so damn annoyed with him.
I have been arguing with him every waking moment, but he won't back down and putting up a block doesnt help either.
Seeing Joseph made him back down for a few minutes, but the moment we got in the elevator to go up to Alpha Amarahs suite he came back full force and the higher the elevator rose the worse it got.
The moment he starts yelling Mate, Mate.
I finally understand.
It looks as if our conversation from last night is about to come true and I am surprised to hear Theseus remark.
I have to suppress a smile as I realize that he has also found his second chance Mate, just like Midas.
I see the impatient look on his face as the elevator doors open, probably not fast enough to his liking.
---- Rhea Livia, what the hell is going on with you? I ask my Wolf, like my friends my Wolf has been annoying me ever since midnight and I am slowly losing my patient with her.
I dont know, Rhea.
It feels as if something is about to change, but I am not sure if it is good or bad.
She answers me.
###Chapter 44
---- Amarah has been pacing the living room for the last hour and every time someone says something to her she snaps, which is so not like her.
I hope that whatever has Livia agitated will turn out to be something good, because I don't think I or Amarah can handle anything else at the moment.
Mate, Mate Livia yells in my head and I know that there are only five males on their way up here, so I can narrow down who it might be quit fast.
Amarah, lone, Eos and Melia step into the hallway leading to the elevator at the same time as I do.
I hear mumbling behind us, but I am not registering it as I hear the ding of the elevator doors and if I didnt know any better I would say that the doors are opening way to slow.
Amarah Minerva hasn't said anything, but she has been pacing my mind since midnight and I know my friends are going through the same thing with their Wolves.
A part of me hopes that Mom is correct in her assumptions, ---- but on the other hand I hope she is wrong.
What if my second chance Mate is the same as Damien or maybe even worse, I don't want to think about that and the moment Minerva starts yelling Mate, Mate.
in my head I sigh in relief, because I know who are on their way up.
I also know they will never treat a female the way Damien did.
I watch as the elevator doors open and before I can say anything I see Theseus rush out in my direction, he stops right in front of me as I hear everyone around us mutter, F***.
He looks at me as he slowly lifts his hand towards my face.
For a moment I think about running from him, for a moment I want to ask the Goddess what kind of cruel sense of humor she has.
I don't do either as I look into his eyes and I realize that Theseus is the better man out of the two Brothers, that he doesnt make me feel uncomfortable like most males.
I will never hurt you.
I have been waiting so long for you and I will protect you with my last breath if I have to.
He whispers as he places his hand against my cheek and I know he is sincere, he will never hurt me on purpose.
I smile up at him as I place my hand on his hand.
I let my eyes glide towards my friends and I burst out in laughter as I see Eos thoughts have become true, we ---- Inti.
Theseus follows my line of sight and joins me in laughter as I hear Mom and Delia squeal in the background.
Alpha Theseus, I know this might not be what you and your men want to hear, but I think it is best if we discuss a few things before you take this any further.
My Father says.
My cheeks change into a few shades of red at his words, but I know that he is right and it looks like Theseus agrees with him as he slides his arm around my waist to guide me to our living room.
Alp..
Atlas, I think there are a few things that need to be cleared up.
He says and I see Dad looking strangely at him.
I apologize, I didnt know that you stepped down.
It will take some time to get used to, to not refer to you as the Alpha anymore.
Theseus says as he looks at Dad and with that he confirms something we have suspected for a long time, he never read the notification from the Council.
Once we are all seated I see that Theseus is looking around the room and I ask him what he is looking for, I am wondering where your Beta, Gamma and Deltas are.
He says and for a moment I dont know how to answer him, until I figure out he doesnt know that our entire leadership is made up out of females.
In this room.
I answer him as I look at him and I see confusion in his eyes.
My Dad's Beta, Gamma and Deltas all have a female as a first born and they took ---- over from their Fathers when I took over.
I explain to him and for a moment he looks at me a bit dumbfounded.
Sorry, I should have figured out that if your Father handed over his position to you the entire leadership in your Pack would be taken over by a first born.
He says and I hear Melia giggle as I hear Apollo mutter F*** as it sinks into his brain that his Mate is my Gamma.
Delia walks in with coffee and as she places it on the table she looks at Theseus, Thank you for having my back last night, Alpha Theseus.
She says before she walks over to Alastor.
Delia, you are more than welcome and please drop the Alpha.
He responds.
A notification on his phone pulls his attention away from the rest of us for a moment and after he has read it he sighs in relief.
###Chapter 45
---- Theseus The moment I lock eyes with her I know I have my work cut out for me and sarcastically I thank Damien in my head, making Linus growl in anger.
I want to toss her over my shoulder and find the room she is staying in, but knowing what Damien did I stop right in front of her.
Her smile lets me know that she believes me and when I see her cheeks flush at her Father's words I know that he is right.
We all need to talk about a lot before we take this further, but at least I know she won't reject me because of who my baby Brother is.
Linus purrs in my head as I feel her slide her arm around my waist on our way into the living room and I look around in surprise as I dont see her Beta, Gamma and Deltas present in the room.
Her answer shouldn't have been a surprise, but it was and I smile the moment I hear Apollo.
None of us had thought of the fact she might have taken every first born for her leadership and that means the leaderships of both Packs are mated to one and other, which might become a challenge on it own.
However, I know we will work this out I look at the message I received and I sigh in relief as I read that Joseph is on his way to Luna Maeve's Pack.
Sorry, this is something I needed to know.
I will explain this in a little while, because we will get to that topic eventually.
I say as I look at my Mate.
---- 1am glad she didnt mind when I placed her on the couch next to me and Linus has been staring at her through my eyes ever since we sat down.
Before we start discussing everything we need to I want to point out that I dont want anyone of you to refer to me as Alpha Theseus, we are family after all.
I say.
We all agree that we will drop the titles and as I look at Anthea I get this feeling I am going to get angry and frustrated before the day is over.
Anthea, is there something you want to say? I ask her and the look in her eyes tell me that she will answer a lot of my questions.
Anthea He deserves to know the truth, they all deserve to know the truth and I am grateful for Atlas being there to help me through this.
Theseus, what I am about to tell you is not known by many.
Only my Mate, his leadership and Amarah know the full story.
I was born in Shadow Moon Pack as an Omega and my life wasn't a pleasant one.
I hear growls coming from everyone and Atlas squeezes my hand.
My Alpha believed that an Omega was worthless and could be used in any way he saw fit.
I was twenty when our Pack was hosting a Full Moon dance and he had worked every Omega to the bone to make sure everything was perfect.
The day before the dance a few Pack-members from other Packs had arrived, most of them High-ranking.
---- My Alpha had lead them all by every Omega in the Pack- house and one Alpha had shown an interest in me particularly.
He was constantly watching me and made sure he was never far away from me, constantly smiling at me or touching me.
We were woken up really early the next morning and Rain, my Wolf, was acting really strange, but she couldn't explain to me why.
I was in the dining room setting everything up for breakfast when the Alpha showed up and it didn't take him long to figure out that my Wolf was giving me trouble.
Now, you need to understand that as an Omega I was not educated properly on Mates and the Mate-bond.
AllI knew was that my Wolf would be acting strange if I ever was lucky enough to find my Mate, it wasnt much for me to go on.
He told me that my Wolf was recognizing him as our Mate, but that as an Omega Wolf she wouldn't tell me as he was an Alpha and my own Alpha backed his story up.
I knew I would be busy for the rest of the day, so I just went back to work and tried to ignore Rain as best as I could.
During the day more and more guests arrived and his demeanor changed after three other Alphas arrived at the same time, but I didnt know what was going on between those Alphas.
The closer to midnight it got the more adamant he was in taking me to his room to complete the Mate-bond.
---- Rain felt happy with his attention and was more than willing to agree with his suggestion, but for some reason I didnt feel comfortable.
I told him I couldn't disappoint my Alpha or my Pack and I left him standing in the hallway, I made sure I didnt leave the Ballroom again after that.
###Chapter 46
---- My Alphas Daughter had her eyes on one of the Alphas that arrived together and I was standing right behind her when both Alphas stepped in the room at the same time.
She was counting down to midnight and when she was done counting I smelled the most intoxicating scent Ihad ever smelled.
I looked around her to see that the scent came from where the two Alphas were standing and for a moment I thought he had been correct, that he was indeed my Mate.
It wasn't until Atlas started walking towards me that I figured out the truth.
As you can imagine my Alphas Daughter thought Atlas was coming for her and you should have seen the look on her face when he pushed her out of his way to get to me.
She looked as pissed off as the other Alpha did and my Alpha even tried to convince Atlas to reject me.
Atlas never took his eyes of me as he asked me for my name and after I gave it to him he said, I, Atlas, the future Alpha of White Crescent Pack accept you, Anthea, as my Mate and Luna.
Which caused a lot of turmoil among the guests and Pack-members.
Theseus, because of that event your Father tore up the ---- alliance between our Packs.
Not that it stopped us from keeping an eye on your western border and I can't tell you how sorry I am we were unable to stop those Rogues.
I finish my story and I see that Amarah is sitting on his lap.
Theseus Hearing Anthea tell me from which Pack she came and how she was treated has Linus roaring in my head and I know anger is radiating from my body.
Linus and I calm down a lot the moment Amarah crawls onto my lap and I bury my noise in her neck to inhale her scent.
When she explains what Rain was going through, it reminded me of Linus over the past few hours and I thought I had heard the worst of the story.
How wrong was I in that assumption as I hear her say my Father tore up the alliance because of that.
Linus roars the moment it clicks in my head, My Father was the other Alpha.
It is not a question, just stating a fact and the look on her face tells me that I had figured it out correctly.
He tore up the alliance because Atlas found his fated Mate in a female he had wanted for himself.
Anthea, I am sorry for what my Father tried to do and I think I already know the rest of the story, your former Alpha's Daughter is my Mother.
I say and she nods her head.
What I don't understand is your remark on Rogues.
I continue, because I really dont understand it.
---- Amarah places her hand on my cheek to make me look at her, Our Warriors have always kept an eye on that border even though your Father tore up the alliance, but it wasn't until after the Rogues got onto your territory and killed your first Mate that we found out it could have been prevented.
They run our eastern border from north to south, but over the years they had gotten lazy and cut a corner from our eastern border to our southern border.
That is were the Rogues where able to cross your border and attack your Mate and her friend.
Dad has blamed himself for years that our Warriors didn't see it, that they cut that corner during patrol and even though I understand him I think a part of the blame lies in your own border patrols.
I have watched your western border for years and I have never been able to get a clear reading on it.
She says.
I think about what she told me and I know I blamed Atlas for years, but I know now that it is my Father I should blame for it.
If he hadn't tore up the alliance we would have been in contact with White Crescent Pack and we would have coordinated our patrols together.
Amarah, if there is someone to blame it is my Father or maybe even me.
I never changed anything about our patrol on the western border, not even after I lost Chrissy and it should have opened my eyes.
I say to her as I pull her a little closer to my chest.
Theseus, after that unfortunate accident we changed ---- our border patrols and we have taken down a lot of Rogues that tried to cross your borders.
Atlas states and I am surprised when he tells me how they found out where it went wrong.
Dad already scolded me back then for going out at night.
Amarah says the moment I want to open my mouth.
Good, because if he hadn't I would have.
I whisper in her ear, soft enough for only her to hear it.
###Chapter 47
---- Amarah At first I thought this was going to be very awkward with Damien being my first Mate and Theseus as my second chance Mate, but I feel comfortable with his arms wrapped around me.
Minerva is laying in the back of my head, feeling content for the first time in years.
For a while we sit in a comfortable silence as each of us is sipping their coffee and I know Theseus didn't like it when I got off from his lap, but for the next topic we have to discuss I also want to see how his men react.
I will wait until everyone has finished their coffee before I will bring up Asteria and Inti.
lone is the last one to place her cup on the table and I turn to face Theseus to tell him about Asteria.
What is it, Amarah? He asks and I smile at the fact that he understands immediately that I have something important to tell him.
There is something you need to know, but I need your word it won't leave this room.
I say.
Theseus and his men all swear that whatever it is I need to tell them will never be repeated outside this room and I nod my head before I start talking, As you might understand Minerva and I didnt handle Damiens rejection very well, not at all I might add.
I spent my days locked in my room and at night Minerva would run outside our borders to hunt down Rogues.
Their bodies would be found in the morning by our Warriors, but none of them ever saw Minerva at night.
---- On our second night Minerva caught a blood scent, but it didnt belong to a Rogue.
Theseus buries his nose in my neck.
I tell them what I found in the clearing and when I tell them what Asteria went through they all roar, Amarah, we will keep her safe.
We will not reveal her whereabouts to anyone, especially not my Father or Khonsu.
Ajax responds and I know her secret will be safe with them.
What are you doing, Gorgeous? I hear Xanthos ask and I see Eos typing away on her tablet, she looks up at him with a smile on her face.
Nothing much, just making sure that Asteria can finally come out of hiding.
She says and all of us stare at her, hoping for answers.
Ever since we found Asteria I made sure we had an option to buy the clearing, just in case we ever had to and I just received confirmation from the Council that we are now the owners of the clearing between our Packs.
It kills two birds with one stone.
She says with a smirk on her face.
Apollo looks at Eos with a smile on his face and I assume he figured out what she had meant with her words, Xanthos, you have one smart Mate.
Buying the clearing for White Crescent Pack would mean that you can keep Asteria and Inti safe.
Apollo says as he looks at me.
---- to go through the process of buying the clearing anymore.
He concludes as he looks at Eos and she is nodding her head enthusiastically, 1am stunned I didn't think of buying the clearing, Asteria could have lived a normal life if I had and I tell Eos as much.
Amarah, only if we could give them a very good reason they would have considered letting us buy it and telling them it was because of Asteria wasn't an option.
Telling them you and Theseus are mated and will need the clearing to combine our Packs is an option, which won't raise any questions.
I did ask them to keep it quiet for the time being as Theseus hasn't been able to inform his family yet.
She answers.
I hear Theseus growl softly as his men all chuckle, I wish I could have been a fly on the wall yesterday.
I whisper in his ear and he bursts out in laughter, making everyone look at us.
I can tell he is mind-linking someone and I turn to Ajax when he clears his throat.
Damien and Penelope were driven to her Father's Pack with the announcement that they are not allowed to visit unless Theseus has given his permission.
He also told Damien he wouldn't let Joseph take over if he died without an heir.
He would much rather hand it over to you or Alastor, than give Damien the chance to influence Joseph.
I stare at Theseus and the look in his eyes tells me that Ajax is telling us the truth.
Thanks, but no thanks for the offer, Theseus.
Alastor blurts out and I am in stitches at ---- the look on his face.
The ding from the elevator doors pulls our attention away from Alastor and Mom grabs Delia's arm as she gets up, That will be lunch, I think we will need it to continue this conversation.
She says as they walk into the hallway.
I look at my friends with a smile on my face, this is a sight I will never tire off.
###Chapter 48
---- There is so much I want to ask Theseus, but Mom is right.
We need some food before we go looking for more answers and I know Theseus will have some questions of his own, maybe even some of his men will have questions.
I snuggle a little deeper into Theseus side as I keep looking at my friends.
How are you feeling, Sweetheart? I hear my Father ask over the mind-link and I smile as I think of how to answer him.
I feel fine, Dad.
I know Theseus was telling me the truth when he said he would never hurt me, he is nothing like Damien or his Father.
I know we need this time to get everything out in the open, we both deserve answers and knowing I will not run into Damien any time soon is a plus.
I answer him.
Alastor, why would you decline my offer to take over my Pack? Theseus asks him and I place a hand over my mouth to try and hide my laughter.
Alastor looks at Theseus with a grumpy expression on his face and I know he will tell him the truth, No way in hell will I spend the rest of my life cooped up in an office dealing with paperwork or listening to Alphas cackle ---- about how important they are, I'd rather die of natural causes.
He says and everyone is rolling in the aisles at his admission.
Delia walks into the room with a huge smile on her face and I know she heard Alastors response to Theseus question.
She tells us lunch is served in the dining room and Theseus interlaces his fingers with mine to moment we get off the couch to walk out of the living room.
Theseus and I walk to the head of the table and I think I might have insulted my Mate the moment I sit down, after all the chair I am sitting in is officially the chair of the Alpha.
Which we both are and that causes Dad to bellow with laughter, while Midas pulls back the chair next to me and the glint in his eyes tells me he is up to no good.
Please, sit down.
He says as he looks at Theseus and he allows for a short silence before he says, Luna.
Mom turns her back on us while Xanthos, Apollo and Rhea don't do anything to hide their laughter, Delia buries her face in Alastors chest and the rest try to keep a straight face.
Theseus sits down in the chair and faces me with a serious face, Amarah, did you plan on training today? He asks and I know that no matter what my answer will be Midas is in trouble.
Well, I had planned on a little training.
After all I still have a few Alphas to put in their place and I can only do that if I keep up with my schedule." I state.
---- Everyone remains silent, but instead of saying anything Theseus asks me what I would like to eat and I decide to follow his lead.
He places some food on my plate before he fills up his own plate and soon everyone is enjoying their lunch, while we try to keep the conversation light.
We are nearly done with lunch when Theseus brings up my training again, Why did you decide to play Capture the Flag in the clearing? He asks and I see that his men would like to know as well.
I might be 5°11 and with that pretty tall for a female, but most Alphas are taller.
Let's also keep in mind that they are bulky, which everyone can tell I am not and for that reason I need to be faster.
I throw a mean punch as you have seen, but in order for me to deliver those punches I need to be able to avoid them myself and with trying to avoid my own Warriors I increased my speed.
Most of my Warriors are better trained than most of the Alphas I face to face, so I figured if I could avoid my own Warriors those Alphas would be a walk in the park.
I answer him and I see a smug look on his face.
Midas is cuddling with Rhea and doesn't see the look Theseus is.
giving him.
I will ask one of the Elders if you can use one of the side fields to train tonight and Midas volunteered to be your sparring partner.
He says and I see Rhea tries her best not to laugh at the expense of her Mate, but she can't hold in her laughter.
---- Midas is staring between Theseus and me with a very concerned look on his face and Eos puts everyone in stitches when she says, Just try to avoid his groin for Rhea's sake.
I bury my face in Theseus chest as he pulls me onto his lap while I hear him laugh.
Once we have calmed down I help Mom and Delia clear off the table before we head back to the living room.
We still need to discuss a few things and I know that the most difficult subjects are out of the way or at least I think they are, unless of course there is something Theseus needs to know.
Theseus asks about the alliance once I sit down next to him and Dad tells him the details of the alliance there once was between our Packs.
It turns out that even when the alliance was still in place he hadn't been honest about the details and I have to do my best to calm Theseus down.
I know his Wolf is the one I need to calm down, but as long as we haven't marked each other Minerva cant tell me his name and I think it will be easier calming both of them down if I know his Wolf's name.
Theseus, can you tell me the name of your Wolf? I ask him and I smile when he tells me his name is Linus.
###Chapter 49
---- Amarah Ajax tells us that Damon always told everyone that we took responsibility for their western border and Dad growls if the Moron lost his mind along the way.
Apollo explains their border patrols and all of us realize quickly that they had left their western border exposed for years.
Thank you for keeping an eye on our border all these years, Amarah.
We could have lost more Pack-members if you and your Warriors hadn't.
Apollo says and suddenly we hear Delia cussing and swearing.
Alastor has a worried look on his face and for a moment I think her Mother reached out to her, but then I see her phone on the table.
Delia, what is going on? Apollo asks he and for a moment I think she won't speak up, but Theseus beats me to the punch, Delia, I know how you grew up and I want you to know that I want to hear what you have to say.
Please, tell us what that was about.
He says.
Before I do that I would like you to answer a question.
She says and Theseus tells her she can ask him anything, she surprises all of us when she asks him if he ever blamed Dad for what happened to his Mate.
Delia, for a few years I did and I think you know why I did.
However, Xanthos was the one to point out that Rogues even evaded our own patrols from time to time and I raalizad ha wae right let rinning natral jen't a ---- your territory.
He answers and Delia gives him a small smile.
I want you to think about what I am going to say before you tell me whether or not he would be capable of being this ruthless.
If Amarah, lone, Melia, Rhea and Eos had not figured out why those Rogues were able to cross into your territory and their patrols had not changed, how many Rogues would have been able to cross into your territory? What if it was your Father's intention to leave that border weak in the hopes to pin it on White Crescent Pack? What if he hoped losing your Mate and a few more Pack- members after that would cause a war between both Packs? She asks and I am stunned into silence.
I look at Theseus to see him debating with Linus and I can tell Apollo is debating with his Wolf as well, while Ajax, Xanthos and Midas just stare at Delia.
I wonder if his Father would be this cruel to his own Pack-members, just because Mom was Dad's fated Mate.
If his Father was this cruel how would the Pack react if this ever came out, would they ask Theseus to banish his own Father? Would they demand that he turns his own Father a Rogue or would they allow Theseus to find him a Pack that was willing to accept him? So many questions and right now so little answers.
Delia, thank you for voicing your thoughts.
I dont think I would have been able to go down that road if you had not asked me to and I am grateful you pointed this out ---- to me.
Yes, I think my Father is ruthless enough to put our Pack in harm's way.
Yes, I think he would have pushed me towards war if it hadn't been for Amarah, lone, Melia, Rhea and Eos.
Before today I would have told you no way in hell, but knowing what he tried to do to Anthea and what he did with the alliance because of it, my answer is Yes.
He finally answers her.
I can feel it is costing him a lot to keep control over Linus and I crawl back onto his lap before I take his face in both my hands, Linus, calm down.
We will deal with Damon when the time is right, but right now we have other things to think about.
I say.
Linus stares at me as I talk to him and I understand he wants to know what else we need to talk about, One of the things we have to think about is my next match.
I am going to let you in on a little secret, but promise me you will stay calm.
I say.
What is this little secret, my Alpha? He growls and I actually giggle at his use of my title.
I knew who my opponents were for my first two matches and I know that my name will always be drawn second.
I don't need an advantage, I know I can beat those other Alphas and I will enjoy putting them in their place.
I don't know who I will be up against next, but I hope I will get a chance to kick the a*** of Shadow Moon's Alpha.
He tore up our alliance when I took over and it was an alliance my Grandfather never wanted, but had ---- to broker to get my Grandparents and my Aunt out of there.
I hope I get a chance to kick the assess of every Alpha that tore up our alliance because I take over and that means I hope that Black Claw Pack and Black Stone Pack will survive today, because like me the Alpha of Shadow Moon Pack didn't have to fight today.
I tell him and I seems I was successful to take his mind of Damon.
###Chapter 50
---- Theseus Has this Mate of mine lost her mind, how was she able to know who she would go up against in the first two matches and most importantly why would she want to go up against those Alphas? For payback.
Like our Father they believe a female is worthless, but we have always known their train of thought was wrong and outdated.
I may not like her fighting in this Competition, but she can hold her own as she has already proven and I will be cheering her on during every match she has to fight.
You better let Ademus know he will be in charge for a little while longer.
Linus responds and I know he is right.
I don't want to know how you rigged the draw, just know that Linus and I are proud of what you did.
Linus and I will cheer you on during every match and we will stay here until you are out of the Competition or until the final match.
I say as I look into her eyes, I need her to know that I am not going anywhere.
---- I look around the room at every person sitting here and I know I am surrounded by some very smart Wolves.
There is something I would like to discuss with all of you, because I think together we can find an answer to a challenge I am facing.
As Ajax explained Damien and Penelope are back at her Father's Pack, two of my Warriors drove them there and along the way Joseph, their Son, asked a question.
He wanted to know why Amarah was so angry with his Father and both my Warriors knew what had happened between the two of you.
I say as I look at my Mate.
Neill told him the truth and he didnt say another word after that.
My men and I know what it means when Joseph is like that, it means he is processing the information and he knows that it is not good information.
After they got to his Grandfather's Pack he was in the living room with Luna Maeve.
I see a smirk appear on Antheas face the moment I mention her name.
If Joseph decides after processing the information someone was wronged he throws a tantrum that is worse than a male to lose control of his Wolf.
He had asked Luna Maeve what could happen after a rejection and when she told him it would hurt the Wolf and the Human he lost it.
He called me with what I assume was Harvers phone, Harver is Penelope's Brother and he told me he didnt want them as parents.
He said if I wouldn't let him come home he would run away.
I hear gasps from the ---- females and I pull Amarah into my chest as I see that Minerva is front and center.
Luna Maeve was able to convince Damien and Penelope to let Joseph go with her and I know she played on Alpha Elias weak spot to get him on her side.
Alpha Elias hates someone creating a ruckus and a five year old throwing tantrums is something he can do without.
I want and need Joseph out of there, I know everyone saw what I saw when he called me and that is that he already has his Wolf present.
I dont know when Griffin showed up, but he was very present when I talked to Joseph and Luna Maeve." I tell them while I pull Amarah tighter to my chest.
Amarah has her face in my neck and I can feel her inhaling my scent deep to calm herself and Minerva down.
Slowly but steadily I feel her relax and as I look at my men I see their Mates do the same, the same goes for Delia and Anthea.
Dad, can you call Elder Ezra? I will call Evander and ask if he can help me get in contact with one of the Council- members.
Amarah says after she pulled away from me a little.
I listen to her as she is on the phone with Evander and it seems that she is in luck as he tells her he is with the Council at the moment.
Evander, can you put me on speaker? I want every Council-member to be able to hear me.
It only takes seconds before she starts explaining in big lines what ---- happened, but she goes into detail the moment she gets to Joseph, What can we do for Joseph, Council- members? She asks and because of my Wolf I can hear them loud and clear.
Alpha Amarah, a Pup like Joseph needs a very secure and disciplined upbringing or he will become an unstable and angry grown Wolf.
From what we have heard his parents can't provide that for him and I understand if you need to think about what I am about to ask you, but this is the best solution under these circumstances.
Is there a possibility that Alpha Theseus and you are willing to raise him? I hear one of the Council-members ask and my first instinct is to yell No, but Amarah answers before I can even tell her we should discuss this.
###Chapter 51
---- Amarah I can't imagine what Joseph is thinking about his parents, I dont understand how they can be so inconsiderate of their Pup and then having your Wolf show up at this age.
I know we need to talk to an Elder and to a Council-member to find out what we can do for Joseph.
Minerva wants to rip Damien and Penelope to pieces for what they put their Pup through, we both may hate his parents but we will never hold that against Joseph.
He is a victim in this case, just like Minerva and I are victims and the one thing Joseph and I have in common is that his parents are responsible for it.
I click on Evanders contact and I hope he can help me out.
To my surprise he is with the Council and I decide to tell them the whole story in big lines, but when I get to Joseph I tell them everything Theseus told me.
I need them to know the entire story to give us the best possible advice.
That he needs a strict upbringing doesn't surprise me and before the Council-member has asked me Minerva already told me we would raise Joseph, that she wanted him to be successful.
Like me she doesn't blame him for what Damien and Penelope did.
I feel Theseus stiffen at the question, but I don't give him time to turn the request down, Of course.
He is innocent and I won't let him pay for what his parents did.
What do Theseus and I have to do? I feel Theseus relax ---- at my words.
Evander has my contact information.
Please send me everything we need.
I say before I disconnect the call and relax back into Theseus arms.
A few minutes later Dad walks in with Elder Ezra and Mom decides to tell him what we found out this time.
His parents won't be able to raise him the way he needs and knowing both his Grandfathers I doubt either one of them will be able to give him the upbringing he needs.
We should inform the Council, they will take Joseph to a family that can raise him.
Elder Ezra says.
I want to smack the Elder on his head for not thinking about me and Theseus, but thank the Goddess for Delia, No offense, Elder Ezra, but aren't you forgetting a part of his family.
She says and I see Elder Ezra thinking about her words, but I dont think Delia has the patient with him.
What about Theseus and Amarah? She asks him and I see shock on his face, Miss, Joseph is the Son of Alpha Amarat's first Mate and everyone knows what he did to her.
Elder Ezra responds.
Delia actually growls at him and Alastor pulls her on his lap to calm her down.
Elder Ezra, I already talked to the Council.
One of my Pack-members works for the Council and when I contacted him he was with the Council.
They asked me if Theseus and I would be willing to raise Joseph and I already informed them that we are willing, Joseph is not to blame for what his parents did.
---- I won't let an innocent five year old become a victim of his parents actions, I know we will be able to give him the guidance he needs and I know he can rely on everyone in this room if he ever needs them.
I say and I see everyone nod their heads.
Alpha Amarah, I had no intention of insulting you.
It did cross my mind, but knowing what I know I didnt want to go down that road.
I do have to say I am pleased to hear that you are willing to raise Joseph, I think the two of you will be able to raise him to become a good grown Wolf.
Did the Council send you the documentation you need to fill out? If you are able to do it before the Competition is over I can sign off on them in name of the Council and then you can ask Luna Maeve to bring him to you, whether that is here or at your Pack.
Elder Ezra says.
I grab my phone to check my email and find the documents we need to take custody of Joseph away from his parents.
The Council already filled out all of the relevant information on their end and most of our information is filled out as well, all that is missing are our signatures.
Eos, I need you to print this.
Once Theseus and I have signed it Elder Ezra can sign them and then all we need to do is get Joseph here.
I dont want him anywhere near Damon and I don't want Damien or Penelope to get the chance to influence Joseph in anyway.
I say and Eos takes my phone form me.
###Chapter 52
---- Mom sits down on the couch next to me, Amarah, I am so proud of you.
Not many females would be able to make the right decision in a situation like this, but you put Joseph's needs above your hate towards his parents.
If you dont want Joseph to see your matches I will stay in the suite with him.
She says.
I know Mom is proud of me, but it is good to hear her say it.
We all know that Joseph already has seen me fight, but I turn to Theseus anyway and ask him for his opinion.
I think we can take him with us and maybe we should tell him up front why you entered the Competition, my Alpha.
He answers.
My cheeks turn red again at his use of my title, but I know it is more as an endearment and I actually like the fact that he calls me that.
Mom swats his shoulder and tells him not to tease me with my title, but everyone can tell she is just teasing him.
Yes, Luna.
He responds, but Mom isn't pleased with his teasing and she tells him so.
Elder Ezra looks at her as he shakes his head and Dad asks him why he is shaking his head, Well, Alpha Theseus is actually correct with calling your Mate Luna.
He responds.
Mom is quick to point out that I took over five years ago, lam aware of that fact, Luna Anthea.
I also know that if an Alpha gets replaced by an unmated Alpha the Luna position doesn't change and as far as I know Atlas was ---- I hide my face in Theseus chest as I realize that Elder Ezra is correct, Dad turns away from Mom as she turns to him for support.
Alastor looks from Mom to Elder Ezra and suddenly he starts to chuckle, making everyone look at him, but he just stares at Mom.
Does that mean we are stuck with Theseus Mother as Luna? Minerva asks and I ask her to explain herself.
Well, neither one of you is Luna and that means that that position will never be filled.
I doubt Mom would want to stay Luna until she dies.
Minerva states.
Elder Ezra, can I ask something? I don't know if you have an answer, but I hope you can find one.
I ask and he nods his head.
Theseus and I are both Alpha of our own Pack and we keep that title even after combining our Packs, does that mean one of our Mothers stays Luna? I ask.
I see a disgusted look appear on Ajaxs face and I see a few more contorted faces as everyone thinks about my question.
No way in hell is my Mother staying on as Luna, I'd rather hand it over to Delia.
I hear Theseus mumble softly, but I am the only one that was able to hear him.
Mom is shaking her head while Dad is managing to keep a straight face, barely.
Alastor and Delia are laughing their assess off as they look at everyone in the room, while Elder Ezra seems to be deep in thought and I hope he can provide us with an answer.
Finally he turns his eyes in my direction as he says, ---- Actually the both of you can give that position to anyone you want, if you can agree on who you would like in that position.
All you have to do is hold a slightly different Luna ceremony and to inform the Council.
I think about Theseus words as Eos walks into the room with all the paperwork we need to sign and I quickly take them from her to read them with Theseus looking over my shoulder.
Midas hands me a pen once we are done reading them and Theseus and I sign the papers before we hand them over to Elder Ezra.
After he has signed them Eos scans them in to her laptop and with the papers in his hand Elder Ezra leaves the Room, but Theseus stops him by asking if I can use one of the side fields to train tonight.
Of course, Alpha Theseus.
Alpha Amarah can use any field she wants, except for the arena.
He responds as he heads to the elevator.
Okay, we have an hour left before dinner.
I know you don't like leaving your Mates behind, but unless you brought clothing with you I guess you will have to go to your own suite.
Dad says and I hear Linus growl near my ear.
I wrap my arms around his neck as I whisper near his ear, It is only one hour, my Alpha.
He groans as I place my lips on his cheek and before I know it his hand is tangled in my hair, while his lips are on mine.
I slightly open my lips to grant him access to my mouth and I melt into his body as our tongues are involved in a match for dominance, which Theseus obviously wins.
---- Mom clearing her throat makes us pull apart and I put my forehead against his as I am catching my breath, Don't make me wait too long, my Alpha.
Theseus says as he pulls me on my feet and as I look around at my friends I see that we are not the only ones that have troubling letting our Mate go.
###Chapter 53
---- Ajax Damn, I hate this.
I always thought my parents had been exaggerating when they complained about the other not being near, but with how I feel I think they actually made it look easy and I wonder how my Father survived being away from Mom more than a few minutes.
I miss Mate.
Kylo whines in my head and that while the doors have barely closed behind us.
/ know, Kylo.
I promise after this we will never let her out of our sight again.
I respond and I am glad my Mate is a Gamma just like me.
We will be able to work together every single day.
All our phones ding at the same time and we are all equally quick in pulling it out of our back pocket.
Miss you.
Reads the message I open and a huge smile appears on my face, while Kylo has a grin on his face.
Looking at my friends I bet they got a similar message from their Mates.
How are we going to survive the next hour? I ask no one in particular and the others g*** at my words.
Just breath.
Xanthos suggest and I chuckle as I hear Apollo inhale deeply, No, not working.
He mutters and then we are all chuckling.
Yeah, this will take some getting used to.
lone I didnt want to let Ajax go, but I knew Atlas was right and we needed to get ready for dinner.
My friends were ---- not doing much better, but we had fun when Delia told us to send them a message at the same time and I think we all needed it in that moment.
Amarah is holding two outfits in her hands and she keeps looking from one to the other, not able to make up her mind.
Both outfits are gorgeous and I know both of them will drive Theseus insane.
Her outfits are feminine, sexy and yet classy, unlike the outfits of some other females I have seen around here.
I can't wait to see the looks on their faces when we walk in on the arms of our Mates and most of them will stare daggers at us, while a few will make nasty remarks.
Not that any of us will care and when they become to annoying I know our Mates will deal with it.
Amarah receives a message and we both look at her screen to read it, / want to call Luna Maeve before we go into the dining room and ask her to come here tomorrow with Joseph, but I dont want to tell her what we are going to do.
I want to tell Joseph face to face.
I smile as I read Theseus message, he knows what he wants and yet he wants his Mates approval.
Yep, he is the better man out of the two Brothers and I am glad the Goddess matched him with Amarah.
Midas Having Rhea in my arms the entire day has been the best feeling ever and I can't wait to introduce her to my parents, they will love her as much as Finn and I do.
I ---- never thought I would feel whole again and I thought Finn would slowly go insane from the rejection, but Rhea has made us whole again Finn has been close to the surface all day and not once did he take his eyes of our Mate.
We will go through hell and back for her, we will never hurt her intentionally and we will do whatever we have to do to keep her safe.
I smile as I remember how she would bury her nose in my neck from time to time.
Our Mate is beautiful.
Finn says with a sigh and there is nothing else to say, because he is absolutely right.
Even though I knew how my first Mate had reacted towards Apollo I thought I had hit the jackpot when I found out she was my fated Mate, but she was really only interested in power.
She had rejected me quickly when she heard I was a Delta and it had nearly broken me and Finn, but my friends had been there for me without knowing it.
Rhea is so much more then my first Mate ever was and after tonight the whole world will know when they look at her.
You have to tell her before dinner, we can't risk that b*** to tell her.
Finn grumbles and I promise him I will.
Rhea Livia felt it the moment he wrapped his arms around us, the same feeling we got from Amarah the first few months after Damien rejected her and we will give him the time to tell us about her.
He will open up about it ---- when he is ready to talk about it.
###Chapter 54
---- I buried my nose in his neck every now and then to show him that I want him, that I am his no matter what and I will show him every day for as long as I live.
As I smile I am looking at my outfits and I know exactly which one I will be wearing tonight during dinner.
Amarah asked us not to inform our parents just yet, because she wanted to make sure Joseph was with us and she just informed us that if Luna Maeve agreed he would be here tomorrow morning.
I wasnt surprised at all that she chose to adopt Joseph and I know she will do right by him.
Livia has been going on about Pups ever since Amarah told us that adopting Joseph would guarantee the best future for him.
Livia wants as many as the Goddess will grant us and she hopes for at least four, making me g*** when she mentioned that number.
You know you want a whole litter of Pups.
She says teasingly, but we both know she is right.
I always wanted a lot of Pups and I still haven't changed my mind on that, I just hope that Midas feels the same.
Even though I get this feeling he will give me whatever I ask for, no matter what.
Xanthos I thought Lincoln had been annoying since midnight, but being away from Eos makes him unbearable and I put a block up about ten minutes ago.
Coping with my own ---- anxiety is bad enough, having his on top of that drives me up the wall and I know I will not let her out of my sight once I have her near me again.
I think back on the moment the elevator doors opened wide enough for me to finally see my Mate and once my eyes locked with her chestnut brown eyes I knew I was hooked.
I registered that Theseus was standing in front of Alpha Amarah, but that was about it.
Lincoln and I were completely focused on our Mate and I doubt I would have heard it if someone had yelled Fire.
I honestly believe the building could have caved and I wouldn't have noticed it until it would have been too late.
Eos had jumped into my arms before I had stepped out of the elevator.
I hadn't resisted the urge to kiss her and I am glad she hadn't stopped me.
I know I got a little more from my Mate than my friends did, except for Theseus who got to kiss his Mate just before we left.
Ajax, Apollo and Midas had been to shocked at first and to disappointed when we left, so they had only cuddled with their Mates.
Eos Nova keeps me reliving my kiss with Xanthos and I know that if Atlas hadn't stopped us I would have told him to take me back to his room.
Nova, stop it.
Keep this up and I will jump his bones the second I see him again.
The moment I hear what I say I want to face palm myself.
---- She will never stop reliving that moment now, she wants me to jump his bones and if I am honest with myself I want to jump his bones.
I want him to make me his in every way possible and I want the world to see that I am his and that he is mine.
Amarah, would you mind if I pack an overnight bag? I don't think Nova and I want to spend the night without Xanthos.
I dont want to do this without her knowing about, but I also know I don't need her permission and I know she will appreciate the fact that I asked anyway.
I feel that Amarah is pulling all of us in a mind-link and I think she will tell the others what I asked.
Eos, you dont need my permission to stay with your Mate.
If any of you want to spend the night with your Mate than you have my blessing, make sure you pack everything you need and I'll ask Mykel to get it to their suite.
We all thank her for her thoughtfulness before we close the link and I wonder if she herself will spend the night with Theseus, even though I would understand it if she wants to take it slow.
Apollo I cant get the image of Melia out of my head, Roman won't allow it and I chuckle every time he sighs at her image.
I wish I had had the chance to kiss her, but for some reason I forgot about it and I promised Roman the moment we lay eyes on her again I will leave her breathless.
---- For the past ten minutes I have been typing and deleting messages I want to send to her, but every time I read them again I feel like a creep and so I have not send her one message back.
I keep staring at the message she sent me just after the elevator doors closed and I know they all sent it at the same time.
We all looked like love sick Puppies after getting the messages, but I couldn't care what the others thought about it.
Melia is mine and I will love and cherish her for as long as I am still breathing, I want her with me every minute of every day.
I just hope I can convince her to come back up here with me tonight, I want to explore her body from top to bottom and back up again.
I want to wake up next to her in the morning and worship her body all over again, to make her scream my name as she shatters.
We will make her ours.
Roman grumbles in my head and I know he doesn't like it one bit that she is not here with us.
Melia I squeal as I hear Amarah say she is okay with us staying with our Mates, I know she would never keep us away from our Mates and she will be the first to blow a gasket if anyone would try to keep a mated couple apart.
However, I also understand why Eos asked her for permission.
Apollo will be surprised when he finds out I am going to ---- sleep in the same bed as he is, that I will be in his arms when he wakes up in the morning and I almost jump up and down in excitement.
I finally understand why Mom kept saying wait until you have your own Mate every time I asked her to stop whining about Dad being away.
I will only be away from Apollo for an hour, but I am not sure how I am going to get through it and Mom and Dad had been apart for days sometimes.
/ finally understand how Mom felt every time Dad left the Pack, Dawn.
I will apologize to her when we get home.
I say to my Wolf.
###Chapter 55
---- Theseus I quickly took a shower before getting dressed for dinner and now I am sitting in an armchair in my room, thinking about the events of the day.
If anyone had told me this yesterday morning I would have been in stitches, I never would have believed I would find my second chance Mate today or that I would be adopting my Nephew.
Linus and I still get pissed off thinking about what Damien did to her, but for the most part it has to do with how he did it and then claiming that Penelope is his fated Mate.
Linus was the one that came up with the punishment for Damien and Penelope, because he didnt want to see that conniving female ever again.
Now I am grateful for Linus solution as it will mean that Amarah won't have to face him unless she chooses to face him, If Dad knew I want him gone too.
I say to Linus.
Hell, if he puts up a fight because she is my Mate I am going to send him in Damien's direction.
lam going to show her every single day that I want her, need her and love her, she will never doubt that she is the one for me and Linus.
If anyone gives us trouble I will make sure they know not to mess with me or my Mate, even though I have a feeling she will be capable of doing that all by herself.
Dad will need to leave our floor once we get back, ask Amarah if we can stay in her Pack-house until he is moved out.
I dont want to deal with him anymore and I sure as hell dont want Amarah to deal with him, he will ---- make snide comments every chance he gets.
Linus growls.
I know Linus is correct, Mom and Dad will take every chance they get to make it known they dont like her and knowing their history with Amarahs parents I know they will stop at nothing.
However, I will make sure they know the consequences of crossing the line.
Amarah surprised both me and Linus when she asked the Council what we had to do to adopt Joseph, but I heard the sincerity when she said she couldn't hold his parent's actions against him.
Joseph was always more willing to accept something I told him and that goes for my men as well.
If Joseph doubted an answer he got he would ask me or one of my men and he would always take our answer for truth, after all we had no reason to lie to him.
I still remember the day he asked me about fated Mates and looking back I think he suspected something when it comes to his parents.
Damien wasn't too happy he asked me that question directly or that I shot him down when Damien told Joseph they would talk about it in their room.
I think it was his way of trying to control an already unstable situation with his Son, but in the end it backfired as Joseph told him he wanted me to answer his question.
Linus tells me to point this out to Amarah as Joseph will ask her questions, just to see if she would lie to him and I guess it is only fair to give her a heads up on this.
I ---- never thought much about Joseph asking me for answers, but with the knowledge I have now I start to understand a few more things.
Amarah Minerva is still in the dreamy state she has been in ever since Theseus kissed us and I hear her softly sigh as she relives the memory.
I had only kissed one male before Theseus and that had been more of a dare than anything else.
It hadn't been earthmoving or down right awful, but it was nothing compared to what Theseus made me feel.
I had been very reluctant to let him go, but Dad was right when he said we needed to change for dinner.
I think back on the times Mom would complain about Dad not being around or if he had been in long meetings and I think I finally understand just a little of what she felt at those times.
It is almost as if I am incomplete without Theseus nearby, I didnt feel this way when I helped Mom and Delia with clearing the table after lunch.
Maybe it has to do with not being able to hear him or smell him, whatever it is I hope I will have this feeling as less as possible in my life.
lam thinking about the question Eos asked, part of me wants to be with Theseus as much as I can and a small part of me is still scared he might reject me.
I know he is nothing like Damien, but that doesn't mean he won't reject me in private and I think a small part of me fears ---- he might.
###Chapter 56
---- Amarah, he wants us.
Just as much as Linus wants us.
Talk to him and you will find out for yourself he will never reject us.
Minerva says and the doubt I have in my head becomes a little smaller.
I grab my dual colored suit before I head in to the bathroom.
I know it is not a suit anyone expects me to wear, but then again I have quite an unusual taste when it comes to my clothing and I hope Theseus will like this particular one.
As I stand under the shower I close my eyes and let the water cascade over my back, while I let the events from this day run through my mind.
By the time I have showered and dried myself off I have made up my mind, I see that lone is no longer in the room and a small bag is laying by the door.
I call Mykel and ask him if he can grab the bags from the rooms while we are at dinner, he doesnt ask why when I tell him where to bring them.
I pull on the tight pants with a tight long sleeved shirt, before I pull on the vest and blazer.
I really love the checkered look and that half of it is grey, white and black, while the other half is black and blue.
I remember the shocked look on Mom's face the first time she saw it.
Once she saw me wearing it she knew why I loved it so much and everyone that sees it for the first time compliments me on how good is suits me.
Everyone is waiting for me when I finally emerge from the bedroom, ---- You look sharp as always, Sweetheart.
Mom says as I walk towards the elevator.
Theseus We are waiting on the ground floor near the elevator for our Mates, all of us are pacing back and forth and I have seen a few unmated females look our way.
Luckily none of them has come our way yet and I hope it stays that way, because I know Linus will throw a fit if one of them approaches us.
Midas taps me on my shoulder to let me know the elevator is on its way down and I can feel Linus slowly calming down, but I know he will stay agitated until we have her in our arms.
Just like this morning the door opens way to slow for us and Linus is softly growling in my head.
My heart skips a beat the moment she gets of the elevator and for a moment I don't know if she looks hotter in this outfit or the one she wore last night, but Linus tells me she looks hot no matter what she wears.
She smiles up at me as she walks into my open arms and I wrap my arms around her as I kiss her.
The moment our lips touch the rest fades away around us and I pull her closer to my body as we deepen the kiss.
Looks like they already found their dinner.
I hear Alastor mumble and a second later I hear him whimper, but I dont bother looking to see what is going on.
My eyes stay on Amarah as I catch my breath and I see ---- from the corner of my eyes that my men are holding their Mates as well.
Okay, let's get something to eat and get the rumors started.
Delia says and I hear Amarah g***, but we both know that Delia is right.
The moment we step into the dining room everyone will be talking about us and most of it won't be pleasant.
I know Amarah can handle herself, but I know Linus will react to anyone bad mouthing her and for once I will not stop him from reacting to their disrespect.
Most of the Alphas and their Pack-members don't know how to behave themselves when it comes to what is appropriate to say or do and I know Linus hates anyone that acts that way, so I will let him handle this.
I pull my phone from my back pocket and I see a smile appear on her face.
Luna Meave, can you bring Joseph to the Competition site tomorrow? I ask her the moment she answers my call, for a moment she is silent and from the sounds I hear I understands she is walking away from someone.
Sorry, Alpha Theseus.
I had to go to my office, Jane arrived half an hour ago at the request of my Mate.
He wants her to explain why she convinced Penelope to take a chosen Mate, she knows her Father and I never understood why she took a chosen Mate and we warned her not to get between Penelope and her fated Mate.
I will make sure I get Joseph to you in the morning, I don't know if my Mate will come with us or he has to be a distraction for Jane.
She tells me.
---- Thank you, Luna Maeve.
I will explain everything to you in the morning.
I say before I disconnect the call.
Amarah had her arms around my waist during the call with Luna Maeve and I kiss her forehead as I put my phone into my back pocket again.
###Chapter 57
---- Amarah Just before we step into the dining room I inhale his scent deeply, knowing we will be the talk of the town once again.
Mykel had made sure we got breakfast in our Suit this morning as he had heard the first rumors about why I wanted to meet with Theseus.
He had also made sure Theseus and his men didnt have to go downstairs either, when he delivered our lunch he had told Mom that the rumors had gotten worse and that had to do with the fact that none of us had shown our faces yet.
Theseus pulls me closer to him before he kisses my forehead and as I look up I am looking it a very pissed of Delia, Delia, what is wrong? I ask her and I see that everyone steps closer.
Alastor has his arms around her from behind with his nose buried in her neck.
Dad tells us they had been standing near the door to the dining room and they overheard her Father talking to the Alpha of Shadow Moon Pack, He said that you had asked Theseus for a meeting, because you want him as your chosen Mate to make your Pack even bigger.
He even said that Alastor forcefully marked her, because you resent Alpha Crios for tearing up the alliance.
Dad says and Theseus and I have wrapped our arms around one and other to calm ourselves down.
I take a deep breath before I straighten my back and ask Theseus if he is ready for a shitstorm ---- Okay, let's get this over with.
We knew rumors would start after Alastor's comment last night, but now we know it has gotten worse.
Try to ignore everyone for as long as we can and when it gets to bad let's just tear someone to pieces.
I say and Xanthos asks if he can have the first one.
Eos smacks him on his arm as she says, I am your Mate, lets share the first one.
Alastors eyes widen and Delia and Ajax start laughing, but I doubt Eos realizes how her words sounded.
Unfortunately for Eos Xanthos is on the same page as Alastor, You want me to share you? He asks teasingly.
Her face turns a deeps shade of red as she realizes what she said and I hide my face in Theseus chest to avoid looking at Eos.
Let's get something to eat before you kick Midas a***.
Dad says and Midas looks at him and asks him if he needed to remind everyone of that.
Son, I will enjoy watching my Daughter use you as a punching bag.
Dad states as he looks Midas in the eyes and everyone can hear Midas gulp as Dad turns to walk into the dining room.
We hear the room quiet down the second Dad walks in and Theseus hooks my arm through his before we follow him.
I keep my head high as I follow Dad to our table anda smile appears on my face when I see that Mykel is waiting for us near a table where we all can sit down, Alpha Amarah, Alpha Theseus.
He greets us.
I hear one of your men found his second chance Mate, Alpha Theseus.
Congratulations.
---- Thank you, Mykel.
Midas calls out.
May I introduce you to Rhea, my Mate.
Mykel greets her as if he had never met her before and I hear a lot of mumbles around us, but most are more directed to the second chance comment than anything else.
I mouth a thank you at Mykel and he just gives me a smile as he pulls back a chair for me.
Theseus sits down next to me and once everyone else is seated he raises his glass, Congratulations on finding your second chance Mate, Midas.
He toasts.
Rhea glances at Midas as she responds, I am just glad his first Mate was an idiot.
Maybe someday I will get the chance to thank her for being stupid.
Every conversation has come to a stop and Delia asks her what she means, Well, if his first Mate hadn't been stupid enough to reject him I wouldn't be his second chance Mate.
I wouldn't get the chance to show him that I am the better female.
A loud growl interrupts Rhea from saying anything else and every head turns to a female at a table not far from us, except for Midas.
I am not stupid.
She yells as she looks at Rhea and I see a smirk appear on Midas face.
Why do I get this feeling Rhea set the female up and that she is Midas first Mate? I ask Minerva, but the only answer I get from her is laughter as she is rolling in the aisles.
Sorry.
Rhea says to the female.
I was talking about my Mate's first Mate, I said she was stupid.
---- The female growls again and the male next to her asks her what is going on with her, She says I am stupid because I rejected a Delta.
I was born to be a Luna and nothing less.
She growls and I slap my hand in front of my mouth as I see the smile on Midas face grow.
###Chapter 58
---- Through the mind-link I tell Rhea to stay seated and to shut up, Let her Father deal with her.
We don't have to wait long before he bursts out in shouting, even her Mother is yelling at her and both of them want to know why she rejected her fated Mate.
A young male at the table makes everything worse by pointing out she already answered that question and if her Father had been a kettle he would be whistling right now.
His Mate tries to calm him down with the emphasis on tries, his Warriors have to drag him out of the dining room before everyone settles down again.
I start giggling as I realize that everyone is too busy talking about Midas first Mate and the outburst of her parents to talk about the crap Alpha Crios told them.
Something you would like to share with the rest of us.
Theseus says and once I tell him why I was giggling everyone is laughing.
While we are eating our dinner Rhea tells us through the mind-link that Midas had told her what had happened with his first Mate and I regret that she is no longer in the dining room, I would have liked to give her a piece of my mind.
I think she would have gotten all my anger I felt about Damien's rejection, but I dont care.
---- Alpha Amarah, would you mind if I stayed at your Pack a few days before I take Rhea home, I would like to see where she grew up and I would like to meet her parents.
Midas asks and I have a feeling this might have something to do with Damon and Gaia.
Midas, I think her Father would kick your a*** if you took her home straight away.
You are more than welcome to stay a few days, maybe your friends would like to accompany you.
I think they might want to hear about your Mate and the trouble she can get herself in.
I say as I wink at Rhea.
Everyone stares at Rhea as she tries to , but it seems that Theseus understands what I am referring to.
Maybe you want to lock the door at night, Midas.
Theseus says teasingly and suddenly they realize what I had been talking about.
Ajax stares at lone as Melia tries to hide behind Delia, while Eos just glares at Xanthos as if to say, Open that mouth of yours if you dare and Mom and Dad are looking around the table with a smile on their faces.
Delia asks me who I hope my next opponent will be and I see her Father staring daggers at her.
Delia, I dont really care.
Most Alphas here will tell you they are better than a female and it is those I hope I get to compete with, so I can show them that they have been wrong their whole lives.
I answer her.
Delia has a smirk on her face as I hear Alpha Crios growl.
Her Father gets up from his seat and for a moment I ---- think he is going to leave the dining room, but unfortunately we are not that lucky.
Delia, I think it is time for you to go upstairs with your Mother.
You are a disgrace to your family and your Pack.
Her Father says.
Alastor gets up from his seat and is about to address her Father, but Delia's hand on his arms stops him from reacting.
He slowly turns towards her with a questioning look in his eyes, but the moment he looks at her a smile appears on his face.
Alastor steps away from her to make sure her Father can see her and she surprises us all when she turns to Dad to ask, Dad, am I a disgrace for the family and our Pack? Her Father's face turns red from anger and I feel Theseus next to me stiffen.
I know he will defend and protect Delia as he considers her family and I know the same goes for everyone at this table, Delia, my Dear.
You are not and never will be a disgrace to the family or our Pack for speaking your mind or for asking questions.
Dad answers her as he pulls her into his arms.
Theseus decides to put in his two cents as he tells Delia that if Alastor had been an Alpha she would make a great Luna, she mumbles a thank you at his words and her Father is about to blow a gasket.
Alpha Crios seems to be mind-linking him and I know what is coming.
Alpha Theseus, my Alpha hopes you didnt accept Alpha Amarahs request.
She only wants you as her chosen Mate to get control of the biggest Pack and I ---- have to warn you that Alastor marked Delia against her will.
He states and for a moment the entire dining room is silent.
You do realize that everyone with a brain can tell you are full of bull? Theseus asks.
###Chapter 59
---- Theseus 1am glad Amarah is sitting next to me and with her hand on my knee I am able to control Linus, but I know that if I give control to him he is going to kill at least one male in the dining room.
I know Alpha Crios instructed him to make those false accusations.
While we were talking this morning I saw how Alastor treated Delia and looking at the two of them I wonder why I never saw the truth between Damian and Penelope.
I even asked Ajax on the way down from our suit and he had wondered the same thing.
Alpha Crios, can you explain to me what reason Alastor had to do what Delia's Father accuses him off? I ask and I know everyone will be listening to this conversation.
I need everyone to hear the lame tale he is going to tell and with it he will dig his own grave.
Alpha Theseus, you may not be aware of this but I tore up the alliance I had with White Crescent Pack.
He knew she wanted revenge and by taking my Betas Daughter he wanted to make sure his Sister had leverage over me.
Alpha Crios answers.
I know there is nothing Amarah could gain if Alastor had forcefully marked Delia, there would have been something to gain if Alpha Crios had had a Daughter and he had forcefully marked her.
But then again Alastor doesn't want to be an Alpha, so no gain there either.
Tell me, Alpha Crios.
What kind of leverage would Alpha ---- Amarah have over you if Alastor forcefully marked Delia? I ask him and I know there is not an answer he can give that will make any sense to anyone.
I keep looking at him as I wait for him to dig his grave even deeper.
Amarah is rubbing circles on my knee with her thumb and Linus is softly purring in my head, I am glad he has calmed down after he heard the accusations.
I know it will be easier for Amarah to calm Linus down once we have marked each other and I can't wait for that to happen.
Delia is my Betas Daughter as I already mentioned and that means she now has access to sensitive information about my Pack.
Financial information, strategic information and we both know that with that information any Pack can be brought down.
He says.
I burst out in laughter while Amarah hides her mouth behind her hand, Delia is staring at Atlas who is trying his best not to look to smug.
Alpha Crios, I remember that my Alpha and I once visited your Pack and there was something that always stuck with me.
None of the females were allowed anywhere near the High-ranking males, not even near their own Mate and if I remember correctly you told us that you would never allow one of them in a meeting concerning Pack business.
According to your own words all females are good for is to warm your bed and bare you Pups.
Ajax growls.
---- Ajax is correct in recalling the only time I met with Alpha Crios, he had wanted to talk about an alliance between our Packs and he had shocked both of us when he had mentioned those words.
Suddenly a piece of the puzzle falls into place as I remember when he asked me for that alliance.
You wanted an alliance with me, because you tore up the alliance you had with White Crescent Pack.
You needed another strong ally just in case you would find yourself up against someone that disagreed with you and the way you run your Pack.
You were able to belittle every female in your Pack, because no one would turn against you as long as you had White Crescent Pack as an ally and when you tore up the alliance you created trouble for yourself.
I say as I get out of my seat.
Delia has no knowledge of your finances or strategies, she couldn't have known because you made sure they never knew and yet you accuse Alastor of forcefully marking her for gaining that information.
I can tell you that they are fated Mates and I also know how they met one and other.
You and her Father had planned for her to get forcefully marked by your oldest Son on her eighteenth birthday, but unfortunately for you she overheard the conversation between you and your Son.
She ran as fast as she could and asked Alpha Amarah for asylum, which she was granted.
---- None of you knew where she was or with whom until she walked into the Arena.
This is the only warning I am giving you and your men, stay away from Delia or you will answer to me.
That last sentence was growled at him by Linus.
###Chapter 60
---- Amarah I know Theseus had trouble controlling Linus, but something tells me I have to allow him to push forward and when I hear him growl his warning at Alpha Crios I know I made the right decision.
Alpha Crios pales as he looks at Linus, who has a furious look on his face and a glint of murder in his eyes.
Alpha Crios doesn't acknowledge Linus warning as he turns on his heel to exit the dining room, after that most of the other Packs walk out of the room as well.
Leaving just us and two of our allies behind and I notice that Ajax is linking someone.
Amarah, can you introduce me to the other two Alphas? Theseus asks.
I found three more alliances in my office, but my Father never mentioned them to me when I took over.
I make the introductions to Alpha Murphee of Silver River Pack and Alpha Jaydon of Silver Moon Pack.
Alpha Murphee and Alpha Jaydon, can you give me a reason why my Father never mentioned we have an alliance? Theseus asks and both of them look at him with confusion int their eyes.
I went through our paperwork a few days before coming here and I found ---- an alliance missing we had according to my Father, but I also found three alliances I was unaware off.
I know what happened to the missing alliance, but I don't understand why he kept our alliances hidden from me.
Theseus explains and it is Dad that answers him, I think it is safe to say that your Father doesn't like the fact I am close friends with their Fathers.
Their Fathers were with me the day I met Anthea and you know why he hates my guts.
Dad says and Murphee looks at bit dumbfounded at my Father.
Murphee, Theseus and his men know the truth.
Mom told them because she doesn't want secrets within the family, at least not anymore.
I state.
Brielle is the first one to figure out what my words mean exactly and she congratulates me, before she turns to Theseus, You better treat her right or I will personally tear up the alliance and throw that Pack of yours into war.
Am I making myself clear, Alpha Theseus.
She growls at him.
I see Linus pushing forward, but instead of turning on Brielle for disrespecting an Alpha he turns to Murphee, Maybe you should let your Mate do the negotiations on alliances in the future.
She can scare the shit out of most Alphas.
He says.
Brielle starts laughing as Murphee mumbles something along the lines of her scaring the shit out of him too and Alpha Jaydon asks Theseus if he is willing to sit down with them in a couple of weeks to discuss their ---- alliances, I am not going to break it, but with the two of you mated I think it is wise if you revisit every alliance.
There might be things you want or need to chance, like combining the alliances you both have with a Pack and I know that a lot of Alphas will be knocking on your door to broker an alliance when they hear the two of you are mated.
Jaydon says and I know he has a point.
Most of those Alphas will be calling Theseus instead of me and I know I will enjoy seeing their faces when they realize they will have to deal with me as well.
I know Drew also has an alliance with Theseus, but Drew had told me last time we met that he had never heard anything from Theseus.
Jaydon, thank you for pointing that out to me.
I need to contact Alpha Drew about our alliance and I will meet with the three of you once Amarah and I have figured out how this is going to work.
I am not talking about our alliances, but about us becoming one Pack.
There is so much we need to take care off and I have no idea where to start.
Well, other than telling my Father to move out of the Pack-house if we decide we are going to live there.
He says and I sigh in relief as I realize he has already thought about that predicament.
Mykel walks back into the dining room with a surprised look on his face, Where is everybody? I was about to serve dessert.
He asks and once Dad explains it, he has a smirk on his face.
Okay, do I need to call a Doctor or should I start digging graves? Mykel asks Dad ---- teasingly.
A few minutes later we are enjoying our dessert when Theseus looks at his phone, Josh, you called? He asks and Josh tells him Damon is pissed off about Damien and Penelope being forced out of the Pack.
Just keep an eye on him and my Mother.
Ademus already knows we will be staying here; I need to find out a few things I discovered before we left.
I will let you know when we are heading home.
He says to Josh before disconnecting the call
###Chapter 61
---- Ajax Dinner is finally over and Theseus is taking Amarah to one of the side fields to train, Midas is following them at a very slow pace.
A part of me wants to see him get his a*** handed to him by Amarah, but Kylo wants me to throw lone over my shoulder and take her to our room.
My arguing with Kylo makes me fall back from the rest of the group and when I finally look up I see lone standing in front of the door, but I dont see the others anymore.
Did the two of you come to an agreement? lone asks and before I can stop him Kylo pushes forward and lifts her into his arms.
He turns around to head for the elevator going up to Amarats suite, but she surprises the both of us when she says that her bag is already in our suite.
I press her against the wall before the door has a chance to close and I slowly close the space between our lips.
I let my tongue slide over her bottom lip to ask for access and she slowly parts her lips to let me snake my tongue into her mouth.
My left hand grabs hold of her neck to pull her closer while my right hand cups her b*** and I slowly start kneading her b*** through her clothes.
After tasting every inch of her mouth I slowly break the kiss to allow her to catch her breath and as she slowly opens her eyes the elevator has reached our floor.
As I pull her away from the wall I have to grab her a*** to keep her in place and I hear her m*** as my c*** ---- presses against her core.
With every step I take my c*** rubs against her core and I have to control the need to lay her down in the middle of the hallway to do what Kylo and I so desperately want to do.
The scent of her a*** becomes stronger the closer we get to my room and I whisper into her ear, I am going to make you come while you scream my name, Baby.
Her hips buck forward as I stop in front of the door to my room and I g*** as her body rubs over my c***.
She is already pulling the hem of my shirt and I haven't even opened the door yet, but there is no way in hell I am going to stop her.
By the time I have closed the door behind us she is ready to rip the shirt from my body, but I push her against the closed door to pull it over my head and I grab the hem of her shirt to take hers off.
She places feather light kisses over my face the moment I throw her shirt over my shoulder and the second she gets close to my lips I devour her mouth.
Our hands are roaming over the other's body as our tongues are fighting for dominance and I love the way she tries to gain to upper hand from time to time, but in the end I win this battle.
Kylo tells me I will not win every battle for dominance and we both can't wait for the day she makes us submit to her.
I know I can't get those tight pants off of her without putting her down and reluctantly I lower her to the floor ---- until she is standing on her own two feet.
Did you all come up with this to tease the hell out of us? I grumble.
You may look hot like hell in them, but they are torture to get off.
She giggles at my words as she steps away from me to unbutton her pants, I keep my eyes on her as I see her shimmy out of them and when she bents over to take it off with her shoes in one motion I have a view on my own slice of heaven.
I g*** as she looks at me through her legs and wiggles her a*** at the same time.
I quickly take the rest of my clothes off before I step behind her to move my rock-hard c*** against her core and I keep rubbing my c*** up and down as lone start m***.
F***, if I keep this up I am going to come before I have even entered her body.
Please, Ajax.
lone whispers and I leave my left hand on her hip while my right hand glides to the front of her body, letting it slide under her panties until it touches her clit.
I start running slow, small circles while I keep rubbing my c*** against her and slowly but steadily her breathing becomes labored.
I can feel her legs start shaking just before I push her over the edge, I slow down my ministrations to allow her to come down from her c***.
lone It is a good thing Ajax has one hand on my hip and the other one around my waist, because I doubt I would still ---- be standing up straight if he hadn't.
My legs feel like jello after the o*** Ajax just gave me and I know it will never be any different.
###Chapter 62
---- Ajax lifts me up bridal-style and I slide my arms around his neck as he walks towards his bed, after which he lies me down gently.
He hooks his fingers into my panties and slowly pulls them down my legs, throwing them over his shoulder once he removes them from my feet.
He places my feet over his shoulders before he starts kissing down the inside of my legs, switching between both my legs all the way down to my core.
The closer he gets to my core the wider he spreads my legs and I see his eyes fill with l*** as the scent of my a*** becomes stronger.
I see his head disappearing between my legs and my hips buck the moment his tongue touches my clit.
He sucks my clit into his mouth while his finger is exploring between my folds until he finds my entrance and without warning he pushes two fingers into my soaking wet p***.
Ajax I scream as he pushes his fingers deeper inside me before he starts pulling them out again as he sucks on my clit and as he pushes back into my core he releases my clit.
He keeps repeating this until I feel my next o*** coming, but before I get there he lifts his head to look at me.
He moves closer to my body as he lowers his head to kiss me and I gasp as I feel his c*** against my ---- entrance.
As he deepens the kiss he slowly pushes his c*** deeper into my p***, stretching me around his rock-hard s*** as he quickly thrusts through my hymen.
After he gives me a few seconds he pulls out slowly, before he rams his c*** back in, slapping our bodies together.
He keeps pulling out slowly to pound back into my p***, slowly the world around me vanishes as I start pushing my hips up to match his rhythm.
He picks up the pace as he keeps sliding his huge c*** in and out of my p***, I feel myself getting closer to my c*** and again he stops his ministrations just before he sends me over the edge.
He flips me on my stomach, he places his hands on my hips and slowly slides his c*** back in.
This new position feels so amazing, he keeps sliding his c*** inside me bit by bit and the deeper he goes the harder I m***.
I am getting closer to my o*** again and I hope he won't stop this time, but I have barely thought those thoughts as he slows his ministrations.
This time he stays on his knees as he lifts me up before he turns me to face him and I gasp as I feel him entering my body again.
He lowers his head towards my neck and once he reaches the right spot he starts sucking and licking, making me lose every thought I might have had.
I start kissing down his cheek to his neck until I reach the spot where I will mark him, Ajax keeps pushing his c*** as deep as he can go and slowly I feel the edge ---- getting closer.
We bite down on the marking spot at the exact same time and my p*** clenches around his c*** as he empties himself inside me.
He collapses on the bed beside me and I place my head on his chest as I snuggle into his side, I know I will never tire of the feeling this male gives me.
I cant wait to see the look on Mom's face when she meets him and I have to tell her I finally understand.
Do you think Midas is still breathing? Ajax asks and I giggle as I remember Midas dragging his feet, he really didnt want to be her sparring partner.
I cant blame him as I have had more than one bruise after training with Amarah, but I also know she will never go full force with one of us.
Except maybe if Theseus decides to spar with her, he can handle himself as he is also an Alpha and I would love to see the two of them sparring.
Yeah, she never goes all out with one of us.
Besides, she wants to save her strength for tomorrow.
She wants to kick a few a*** tomorrow and I hope she can put them all in their place by winning this year's Competition.
Amarah is a fair Alpha just like her Father and her Grandfather, but she hates the fact that there are Alphas that think a female can't run a Pack.
I answer him.
We talk about Joseph arriving in the morning and we both hope he responds well to the adoption.
We talk about how Theseus family will react when they find out ---- Damien and Penelope have been s*** of their parental rights and how our families will react to us being Mates.
Neither one of us thinks that someone in our family will have an ion and I know Dad will be happy I finally found my fated Mate.
###Chapter 63
---- Theseus I noticed that Ajax was having an argument with Kylo and you don't have to be a genius to know what that argument is about.
I know Midas wasn't too happy with me, like all of us he wants to take his Mate back to a room to mark and mate her.
Amarah has a small smile on her face as we approach the side fields and I see that there are a few Alphas training, they are really taking this training a bit to far as I see some of their Warriors with injuries.
Apollo steps onto one of the fields and asks Amarah if this will do.
I don't need the entire field, I think this will work just fine, Gamma Apollo.
She answers and I have to stifle a smile at her using his title, but then again she had been right when she pointed out that we didnt need to add fuel to an already tense situation.
I might have put Alpha Crios and his Pack in their place, but it doesnt mean that no one will completely forget about it and I think I might not get to mark Amarah until we get home.
Linus and I hate that idea, but we also understand why she wouldn't want us to.
Midas is still dragging his feet and Rhea has wrapped her arms around his waist, I can hear that she is whispering to him but I cant make out the words.
From the corner of my eye I see Eos and Xanthos walking away and no one has to tell me what they are going to do.
---- I feel a pang in my heart as I see them disappear into the Hotel, Give her time to make up her own mind.
Melia says.
Even with the distraction her Alpha position gave her it took along time before she was back to her own self, but there was always one topic she avoided and that was a second chance Mate.
Damien broke her faith in the Mate-bond, he made sure she doubted every male that came close to her and she never felt comfortable around a male because of what he did to her.
She won't run away; she would have done so the moment she found out you were her second chance Mate and we both know she didn't.
You have already shown her that you are the better male and I know she accepts you as her Mate, but I can't tell you when she is ready for everything that comes with the Mate-bond.
No matter how hard it is, just be patient, Theseus.
Melia says.
I was already pissed off at Damien, but knowing how badly he broke her with his actions makes me grateful he is not anywhere near me.
A chuckle from Apollo draws my attention to the field and I see Midas flat on his a*** in the middle of the field, Delta Midas, maybe I should have warned you.
Melia says and three heads turn towards her.
Apollo asks her what she should have warned Midas about, That she has been undefeated since she turned eighteen, not even her Father could defeat her.
Melia responds.
Midas lets himself fall on his back with his arms spread out, while Apollo and I turn towards Rhea to see if Melia ---- is telling the truth and the look on her face tells me more than enough.
I hear Midas g*** as he looks at Rhea and realizes she took it easy on Damien and Alpha Crios.
She didn't have to go full force against those two Morons and every other Alpha thought she would be easy to handle.
Well, the joke is on them.
Linus growls in my head and I chuckle as I understand she did it on purpose.
Amarah helps Midas to his feet and they go for another round, even Apollo offers to spar with her.
I look around me to see that there are no other Alphas training and Melia tells me they left the moment we stepped on to the field, Good.
I respond.
At least now they have no idea what she is capable of and I really hope they will underestimate her.
After an hour or so Apollo asks if I would like to get my a*** kicked by my Mate and I hear Amarah giggle as Midas starts shaking his head, I think I will pass, I will safe that for a time I really deserve it.
I say and Amarah looks at me with a huge grin on her face.
Amarah sits down to catch her breath and to drink some water.
I give her some pointers on where she can gain a little more advantage and she listens to what I have to say, she even asks me questions about how I train my men.
It turns out our training programs aren't that different from one another.
We even discuss how to integrate both programs and how we need to mix our Warriors when they patrol our ---- borders.
I like that we both already consider it our Pack and that we can talk about this in a normal fashion, I say to Amarah
###Chapter 64
---- She asks me what I mean in a normal fashion, Every time I tried to talk to my Father about changes he would blow a gasket, it didn't matter how I tried to bring my ideas across, and even after I took over he kept fighting me whenever I wanted to change something.
For example our border patrol, I wanted to include our western border and you know what happened to that idea.
I explain and she nods her head as she tries to hide a yawn.
I think it is past your bedtime, my Alpha.
I say and she rewards me with a smile.
Yeah, I think we are the only ones left out here.
She points out and I am surprised I didn't notice the others had left.
I grab her hand as we walk back to the Hotel.
Amarah seems nervous and I ask her if it has to do with her match in the morning.
No, I can handle that.
I made a decision when I was changing for dinner and when I changed into my training gear I still felt comfortable with my decision, but now I am starting to feel nervous.
I don't think I have to be nervous, but the past has shown me that not everything goes as we hope.
She replies.
I stop walking as I pull her closer to me, I look into her eyes as I lower my head and when our lips touch I can't control myself.
One hand slides around her neck to keep her still, while my other hand travels down her back and I ---- press her closer to my body.
One of her arms wraps around my waist, while the other slides around my neck and I pull her head gently to the side to deepen the kiss.
My c*** grows harder the longer our kiss lasts and I hear her m*** when I press myself against her body.
I slowly break the kiss and place my forehead against hers, I cant change the past and if I am honest I dont want to, because it gave me you.
I will make you a promise thou, I have no intention to reject you.
You are mine, my Alpha and I am yours.
I whisper.
She didnt break eye contact with me and I can see that she needed to hear this from me.
I place both my hands on her a*** and as I lift her up she wraps her arms and legs around me.
I g*** as my c*** rubs against her core and I grind my hips forward.
Theseus, please.
She whispers as she nuzzles my neck.
I want you, I want all of you.
I hear her say and I ask her which suite to go to.
Yours.
I asked Mykel to bring our overnight bags there.
She answers and I dont waste time.
The moment the doors close I place her back against the wall, I am going to make you come, my Alpha.
The scent of her a*** makes me lose control and one of my hands glides into the back of her pants, her hips buck forward the moment my finger presses against her a***.
Theseus.
She screams as I start grinding harder against her p***.
---- I feel her body give in to the pressure I put on her backdoor and I start pushing my finger in and out at the same pace I am grinding against her core.
Her a*** starts clenching around my finger and I push her over the edge by sucking hard on her marking spot.
As she catches her breath I slow down my ministrations and as we arrive on our floor I have her cradled in my arms with her head buried in my neck.
I walk down the hallway to my room and I see that every door along the way is closed, I think the rooms are soundproof.
I whisper.
Amarah giggles as she looks over my shoulder at the doors behind us, not that I would care if they weren't.
It is the most natural thing to do after you find your fated Mate and I have seen my fair share of x-rated scenes in my life, something most Packs no longer allow.
I close the door behind us and stalk over to the bed with Amarah still in my arms.
I turn around at the foot of the bed to sit down and I make her straddle my lap, placing my rock-hard c*** against her core.
Amarah, if I do something you are not comfortable with I want you to tell me.
I say as I look into her eyes.
Instead of answering me, she starts pulling on the hem of my shirt and in a few minutes, we are both n***.
I let my eyes roam over her body before I lower my head towards her b*** and as I cup one with my hand I suck on the n*** of the other.
Her hand tangles in my hair and she pulls my head ---- closer to her body, I gently pinch her n*** as I suck harder on the other n***.
###Chapter 65
---- Amarah I never believed the stories I heard from mated females, that you would lose control the moment you were ready to mark and mate with your fated Mate.
How could I have been so wrong? Ever since I got out of the elevator I have wanted to jump his bones and the hell with the consequences.
I wasn't nervous about Theseus rejecting or hurting me, I was nervous because I feared he wouldn't want me to be so straight forward.
When his finger pressed against my a*** for the first time I almost come and when he finally did make me come I thought everyone in the building heard me.
Theseus knows what he wants and he is not afraid to show me.
I know we will clash from time to time, but that will only be outside our bedroom.
I love how he takes what he wants from me and I know he will show me what he wants from me I feel the heat rush through my body as he sucks harder on my n*** and I m*** the moment he pushes two fingers into my core, F***, you feel so tight.
He mumbles before he starts sucking my other n*** and as he starts pulling his fingers out his other hand glides down my body.
My body responds to his ministrations and I feel myself getting closer to another o***, I start panting as he starts pushing his finger into my a*** again.
My body is getting an overload of sensations and I scream his ---- name as I come around his fingers.
1am still coming down from my o*** when I feel his c*** against my entrance and before I can say anything he slams me down on his c***.
He holds still deep inside me and whisper in my ear, It will ease in a moment, just let me know when you are ready.
My body quickly adjust to his c*** inside my p*** and I move my hips to show him that I am ready, That is it, my Alpha.
He groans and I move my hips again.
I lift myself up before I slam down on his c*** and it feels so amazing to take every inch of him inside me.
Theseus has his hands on my hips to help guide me up and down his s***, I have one hand on his shoulder and the other is tangled in his hair and I lower my head to kiss him.
I gently nip his bottom lip to get access to his mouth and the moment our tongues meet I m*** into his mouth.
His mouth leaves mine to trail kisses down to my collarbone and back up again, only to avoid my mouth so he can kiss the same path on the other side and I keep riding his c*** hard and fast.
I feel his c*** twitch inside me and I speed up just a little bit more.
My canines elongate as I near my o***, but for some reason I dont move towards his marking spot and I hear him g*** near my ear, Mark me, my Alpha.
He mutters, his words break the control I had on myself and I sink my teeth into his neck.
---- It pushes Theseus over the edge and I feel how he shoots his c*** inside me, pushing me over the edge as well.
We both slow down our ministrations as I clean his mark with my tongue and he pulls me with him as he lays down on his back with my head on his chest.
I listen to his heartbeat becoming steady again as my hand roams his arm, his hands are running circles on my back and I feel myself get all hot again.
Just his touch is enough to ignite my body again and as his hands reach the bottom of my back my hips buck forward Without saying a word he flips us over and as I lie on my back I look into his l*** filled eyes, This feels so f*** good, my Alpha.
I am going to enjoy this body for the rest of my life.
He says as he keeps his eyes locked with mine and I can see that he means every word.
He grabs both of my knees and he pushes them against the bed, I can feel myself stretching around his c*** as he bottoms out.
Our bodies slap together as he shoves every inch of his c*** back into my soaking wet p*** and I cry out in pleasure as he slowly moves his hips.
Just adding and releasing the pressure on my sensitive spot, I watch as his c*** sinks into my p*** over and over again.
I crunch the covers in my fists as he starts pumping faster, I am completely at his mercy as he holds my knees in place.
I feel my o*** crawling closer and I whisper, Mark me, my Alpha.
I know I dont want to be without him ever again, I can feel that he will never betray me and ---- with Theseus I want everything the Mate-bond has to offer.
His canines pierce my skin and my body starts shaking and trembling as stars explode behind my eyes.
###Chapter 66
---- Theseus keeps pushing in and out of my core and just as I think my o*** has died down it hits me again, I am a m*** mess as I feel the next one rolling through my body.
There is nothing left in my mind, other than the feeling Theseus gives me and as I scream my release again he comes with me We are both covered in a sheen of sweat and he places his head against my forehead as he tries to catch his breath.
I love you, Theseus.
I say before I can change my mind and a huge grin crosses his face.
I love you, my Alpha and I always will, you are stuck with me.
He answers before he locks our lips together.
After we lay there for a while snuggled close together our breathing steadies and I can feel the exhaustion crawl into my system, Oh no, my Alpha.
He whispers.
Let's get you cleaned up first before we go to sleep.
He lifts me up bridal-style and walks into the bathroom.
Our shower takes a little longer when I decide to wash his body, Theseus already warned me that his body would react to my touch and the closer to his c*** I get the harder it becomes.
I wrap my fingers around his s*** and his head falls backwards as he groans.
I move my hand up and down his c*** at a slow, steady pace and I lower myself to my knees in front of him.
I keep my eyes on his face as I lick the head of his c*** ---- and his eyes lock with mine as I let his c*** slide to the back of my throat.
F***...
that's it...
harder.
He mumbles as I suck his c***, I move up and down his c*** and I feel his hand tangle in my hair.
He starts pushing his c*** deeper into my mouth and with every thrust he pumps harder into my mouth, he groans louder every time he slides into my mouth.
He shoots his c*** down my throat the moment I squeeze his balls, Swallow it, my Alpha.
Swallow all of it.
He growls as he holds my head in place and I suck every last drop of his c*** out of him.
He pulls me to my feet and slams his lips to mine as he lifts me up, pushing me against the wall.
Once he breaks our kiss he whispers in my ear what he has planned for me, but not until after this Competition is over and I nearly c*** at his words.
He has a smug look on his face, because he can smell what his words did to my body and without warning he slams two fingers into my p***.
He isn't gentle and he doesn't take it slow, but right now I don't want or need that.
I need him to make me come and for some reason he knows exactly how to work my body, it only takes a few moments before I shatter into a million pieces as he finger-f*** me over the edge.
After we have finished our shower he carries me back to the bed and teasingly I say, You shouldn't spoil me this much, if youre not careful you will have to carry me ---- everywhere.
He smiles at me before he says that it will be his pleasure.
He gently places me on the bed before he crawls next to me and I place my head on his chest as he wraps his arms around me.
We have just settled ourselves in bed when his phone starts to light up and he tells me why he turned the sound off.
It is a notification from Luna Maeve that Jane just headed back to Harver and that she and her Mate will be there in time for the first match.
I kiss Theseus on his chin as he sighs in relief, I know he was a little bit worried about Jane being there.
He had told me he wouldn't stop worrying about Damien or Penelope finding out until Joseph was safely in his arms and I know that they will put up a huge fight the moment they find out Theseus and I will be raising Joseph.
I had told Theseus that they probably had more trouble with me raising Joseph than with him raising Joseph.
Mom already ordered a few things for Joseph and some of it would get delivered here, while the rest would get delivered to the Pack-house.
I have been planning for years to build another Pack-house, because of the memories this one holds and I think this is just the excuse I have been waiting for.
What is running through your mind, my Alpha? Theseus asks and I places my hands on his chest to support my head, After I took over from Dad I asked ---- him if he would mind if I build a new Pack-house, as you can imagine this one holds a memory I would like to erase from existence.
I have been drawing up plans with lone, but we would always run into a tiny problem.
Well, actually five huge problems and those problems are our Mates.
We have been living together our whole lives and I dont understand why an Alpha would want to be to far from his Beta, Gamma and Delta's.
We took into consideration that we would all end up with a Mate and Pups, but to house them all on the same floor would mean a rather large Pack-house and that was unnecessary for White Cresent Pack.
However, with combining our Packs we will need a bigger Pack-house.
I see a smile appear on his face.
I want to talk about it with everyone present, but I think it is a very good idea to build a new Pack-house and I think I might know where to build it.
He states.
Now, get some sleep.
You have some a*** to kick in the morning, my Alpha.
He places my head back on his chest, right above his heart and I drift off to sleep as I listen to his heartbeat.
###Chapter 67
---- Theseus I stare at my Mate who is still fast asleep and I still cant believe she asked me to mark her last night, I had expected her to ask for more time.
Dont get me wrong, I am not complaining.
Linus is laying curled up in the back of my head and the both of us feel more content then we have ever been in our lives.
Someone is pushing against the block I had put up and I lower it to hear Apollo in my head, Alpha, Alastor linked Melia with the request to come to their suite for breakfast.
He says and I tell him I will be out in a minute.
I deliberately didnt use the word we as I want to see the looks on their faces.
I gently nudge her arm to wake her up and her face turns anice shade of red when she feels my rock-hard c*** press against her leg, Sorry, my Alpha.
We don't have time for that, we have to get going as your Mom wants.
us to join them for breakfast.
I say.
A disappointed look appears on her face and I kiss her deep before I tell her to keep that thought for tonight.
We get distracted a few times as we get ready for the day and she giggles as I adjust myself before we walk out of the bedroom, You are getting punished tonight, my Aloha! arow!l in her head.
---- Amarah has a huge smile on her face.
When I had told her she had looked at me stunned, but when I explained to her I wanted to see their expressions she had giggled.
She pointed out that Alastor had linked Melia, because he knew better than to disturb her and that the girls would know she wasn't in her room.
Looks like Amarah was right about them knowing she was here, but Ajax is not convinced, Theseus would have said we if Amarah had been with him, she could be down there training for all we know.
He says and Amarah scares the shit out of him by asking, Are you volunteering, Beta? Apollo and Midas start laughing, because they know she can kick his a*** with two hands tied behind her back.
Just kidding, Beta.
Even though I might need you as a sparring partner tonight or tomorrow.
She says and Ajax just nods his head, to stunned to speak.
Anyone willing to tell me what you were discussing? Amarah asks and even I want to answer her.
That Mate of mine can make every male or female answer her without the use of her Alpha aura and now I understand why Atlas had no problem with giving her the Alpha position.
I have been running my Pack longer than she has been running her Pack, but I think she can still teach me a trick or two and I can't wait until she is faced with my parents.
I think we might need to protect them from ---- Amarah and not the other way around.
We quickly make our way over to Amarah's suite and the moment we get out of the elevator she gets pulled into a hug by her Mother.
She releases Amarah to pull me into a hug, Goodmorning, Son.
She says and without hesitation I respond, Goodmorning, Mom.
Mykel walks out of the dining room followed by Delia and he has a smile on his face, Congratulations to all of you on finding your fated Mate.
I understand we can expect another guest, Alpha Theseus.
He says and I look at Anthea to see that she informed Mykel.
Theseus, Mykel will keep this quiet.
There is one thing we need to discuss thou, where will Joseph be sleeping? There are no empty rooms left in your suite and with the two of you newly marked I doubt you want a five year old in your room.
Anthea says.
Mom, we will discuss this with Joseph.
I want him to know that he has a say in certain things and I think this is one of them, his world will be turned upside down as it is.
Amarah says, Anthea just smiles at her and I get this feeling she already expected this kind of answer from her Daughter.
Atlas tells us to get into the dining room to get some breakfast and I place my hand on Amarahs lower back as we follow Atlas.
I see Delia look at me from time to time and I know there is something she wants to ask me, but knowing her upbringing I doubt she will do it on her own.
---- Delia, I meant it when I told you last time, you can ask me anything.
If I cant answer your question I will tell you, but I can guarantee you there are not many question I refuse to answer.
I say as I look at her and she tells me she will try to remember that.
###Chapter 68
---- Theseus, how will your parents react to Amarah being your second chance Mate? Delia asks and I actually start laughing.
Sorry, Linus told me he wanted Mom and Dad out of the Pack-house, because he knows they will try to belittle her every change they get and I know they will make unpleasant remarks to and about her.
However, just before we came here Amarah asked a question and even though I had not been in the room I wanted to answer her.
I no longer think I need to protect her from my parents, I think someone might need to protect them from her.
I answer her.
Everyone is rolling in the aisles as Amarah just stares at me and the twinkle in her eyes tells me I better behave myself the rest of the day or I will be the one being punished, making Linus purr at the idea.
Oh hush, you like the idea as much as I do.
He growls in my head.
I know I have to focus on something else before I toss my Mate over my shoulder and bring her back to our room in my suite.
lone, Amarah told me the two of you have been talking about building a new Pack-house.
Can you tell me a bit more about it, other than the fact that it will become huge.
lone explains to the others why it would become huge, ---- but I know I like having our Betas, Gammas and Deltas with us on the same floor and it looks like the others like that idea as well.
There is also another reason why it would become so huge.
Amarah wants a private office where we can work without getting disturb and she wants enough workspace in there for all of us, so you can imagine that it will become a very large floor.
lone says and I like the idea of one large office.
It will make it easier for any of us if we need to be close to our Mate or Pups.
I ask her to describe the living arrangements for each family, If we take the current design into consideration we would make five Quarters on the top floor, just like the three there are on the top floor of our current Pack- house.
Those are for the Alpha, Beta and Gamma, the Quarters for the Deltas are on the floor below ours.
Our so-called front doors open into a hallway that leads to an overflow, the stairs are located on one side of the Pac-house and I believe it would be smart if there are stairs on both sides.
It will make it easier and faster to get down the stairs.
lone explains.
I let her explanation run through my mind as I finish my breakfast and I think they have thought about it carefully, but I think I might have a few ideas of my own.
Amarah, what if the Quarters only have a small living room in case you want to spend time with just your own family? A large living room and kitchen for everyone to use and ---- of course a private office with the Quarters behind it, it will still be a large top floor.
However, it will also mean larger floors below them and you can use them for the Omegas to live on, maybe mix them with unmated males and females that don't want to stay with their parents for whatever reason.
On the ground floor you can have a main dining room where everyone can have breakfast, lunch or dinner if they want to, a main living room anyone can use and in which you can entertain your guests.
An office or two and a large meeting room for official meetings.
I say.
I see lone working on a tablet and by the time I have finished my coffee she turns the tablet towards me and Amarah, the top floor and the ground floor are done with a full lay-out.
She took everything I said into consideration and it actually looks amazing.
The tablet passes around the table and even her Father seems pleased with the plans he sees in front of him.
Amarah asks me where I thought we should build the new Pack-house and when I tell her what I have in mind she smiles at me, That would be the perfect place to build it, I think everyone will like that spot.
She says.
We talk about taking down both old Pack-houses once the building is done and to use those spots to build a few extra cottages for families.
Just as we are discussing the situation with the Omegas in my Pack I hear the ding from the elevator doors and the three males we thought were her Beta, Gamma and Delta walk in.
---- All three of them stare at everyone seated at the table and they all start smiling when they realize what is going on, Alpha, congratulations.
It was about damn time you found your second chance Mate.
One of them says and he turns his attention towards me.
Alpha Theseus, my name is Nestor and I am Alpha Amarahs Head Warrior.
I mean no disrespect, but if you ever hurt her I will make sure no one ever finds your body.
He says and his Wolf is right there with him.
Linus pushes forward to answer him, I think my men will help you if that day ever arrives.
###Chapter 69
---- Amarah We have just finished clearing off the dining room table when Dad tells me that Joseph is on his way up with Luna Maeve and Alpha Robert, Alastor guides Nestor, Myles and Hector to his room to explain what is going on and Delia follows right behind them.
It doesnt take long before the doors of the elevator open and a little male runs out, straight into Theseus arms.
Thank you, Uncle Thees.
He whispers as he wraps his arms around Theseus neck and his eyes widen when his eyes lock with the mark on his neck.
Uncle Thees, who gave that to you? Joseph asks as he looks Theseus in the eye.
Joseph, I found my second chance Mate.
Do you remember what I told you could sometimes happen if you lost your fated mate or if you got rejected? He asks and Joseph is nodding his head.
Joseph pulls his shirt out of the way to take a closer look at the mark on his neck and I can see the wheels turning in his head as he studies Theseus mark, I even see his Wolf surface from time to time.
Why does it look different from my parents mark? he asks.
Apollo asks him to take a look at his mark and tell him if it looks different as well, Joseph stares at Apollo for a moment, You found your fated Mate too, Apollo? he asks.
Melia steps forward and introduces herself to Joseph as Apollo's Mate.
Joseph takes a good look at Apollos mark and tells him ---- it looks more like that of Theseus than that of his parents, making me wonder if there is a way to tell if a couple is fated or not by looking at their mark.
Joseph turns back to Theseus and his eyes land on me.
Hello, Joseph.
I am Alpha Amarah, but you can just call me Amarah.
I say as I look at him.
I see that his Wolf is right there with him and that the two of them are talking about something.
Do you hate me? He asks and I feel a pang in my heart as I look into his saddened eyes.
I step next to Theseus to take Joseph out of his arms and I walk over to a couch with Joseph.
After I sit down with him on my lap, I make sure I look into his eyes as I ask him, Do you think it is fair to blame someone from something someone else has done? I see him debating with his Wolf and after a few moments Joseph asks what I mean, I dont take my eyes of his as I ask, Do you think it would be fair if I rejected your Uncle because of what your Father did to me? He shakes his head as he says that no one knew.
That is correct, Joseph.
No one knew and it is something that happened before you were born.
So, do you think it would be fair to hate you for something your parents did? I ask and Joseph finally understands my question as he says that that wouldn't be fair.
Theseus has settled himself next to me and Joseph looks from me to Theseus and back again, Is Amarah your second chance Mate, Uncle Thees? He asks and a smile appears on his face when Theseus answers his ---- question with a yes.
Joseph, there is something I would like to ask you.
I say after Theseus introduced everyone to Joseph When did Griffin show up? I ask and Joseph tells me it happened after Neill told him the truth about what his Father had done to me.
Griffin had talked to him the entire journey, except when he had finally fallen asleep and when Joseph and Griffin had heard from Luna Maeve that his Father had hurt my Wolf they both had lost it.
Joseph asks Theseus if his parents know where he is and I see a scared look in his eyes.
No, Joseph.
They don't know that you are here with us and I have no intention of telling them.
Theseus responds.
Joseph, do you understand that it is unusual for Griffin to be with you? Joseph nods his head and before he can worry about anything else Dad points out I have an hour left before the matches start.
l ask Theseus to explain to Joseph why I entered the Competition while I get changed into my outfit, but Joseph won't let go of me and I decide to take him with me to my room.
As I change my clothing I explain everything to Joseph and I can see a very pissed off little Wolf.
Calm down, my Little Wolf.
I says as I wrap my arms around him and he buries his nose into my neck, calming himself down as he inhales my scent.
I suddenly remember Joseph's remark on Theseus mark ---- and I ask him if he can tell me what is different between my mark and that of his Mother.
###Chapter 70
---- Joseph tells me that Theseus and I have a Dark Mountain with a White Cresent above it and that our names run around it in a circle, Your names are golden and on my parents mark their names are black.
He answers me and I look at Theseus who nods his head.
Joseph, as I already said it is unusual for a Wolf to show up this early and if a Pup is not raised the right way he or she will become a very angry and unstable grown Wolf.
Theseus and I asked the Council what we can do to make sure you get the guidance and support you need.
Like us, the Council doesn't believe your parents or your Grandfathers can give you that guidance and support.
The Council will always put your needs above that of your parents and they don't want your parents to raise you.
I say to Joseph.
The Council has asked me and Theseus if we are willing to raise you.
I don't have to go back to them? He asks and I tell him that we have already dealt with the paperwork.
You are coming home with us, my Little Wolf.
I say and Joseph is jumping up and down the room.
Theseus wraps his arm around my waist and I rest my head against his shoulder as I look at a very happy Joseph.
We walk back into the living room with a jumping male right behind us and I know that Apollo has explained everything to Alpha Robert and Luna Maeve.
Alastor ---- asks Joseph if he would like to change into something clean, but as expected Joseph tells him he has nothing else to wear.
Don't worry, my Little Wolf.
That is all taken care of, why don't you follow Alastor and put something else on.
I say and without hesitation, he grabs Alastors hand.
When Mom had told Theseus what she had bought for Joseph he told her that Joseph always wears slacks and that he didnt know if he would like wearing jeans.
Uncle Thees, look at my jeans.
He yells excitedly and Mom asks him if she got the right stuff for him.
He jumps into her arms and kisses her cheek before he says thank you.
Alastor tells us he had been surprised to find jeans because according to his Father the future Alpha needed to dress to impress.
Uncle Thees, I dont want to become an Alpha.
Griffin and I want to become a Warrior.
He says with a determined look on his face and Theseus tells him that he can become whatever he wants.
Eos walks up to Joseph as she asks him if he is sure he wants to become a Warrior.
Joseph nods his head as Eos gets down on one knee, Okay, if that is what you want then that is what we will train you for and your training starts today.
You will be watching all of Amarahs matches and at the end of every match I want you to tell me if someone did something they shouldn't have.
There are no right or wrong answers, I just want to see ---- what you can pick up.
Think you can handle that, Joseph and Griffin.
She explains, Joseph is smiling from ear to ear and I know he will watch those matches carefully.
He will become a better fighter than his Father ever will.
Theseus says.
Joseph walks around looking at each of us and he tells Xanthos he has to adjust his shirt, making Xanthos frown, They can see a part of your mark, Delta Xanthos.
I thought this was going to stay a secret for a little while longer.
Joseph says and I hide my face in Theseus chest.
Eos helps Xanthos hide his mark and Mom tells Joseph to stay close to her and my Dad.
Jospeh grabs my hand as Theseus places his hand on my lower back and Delia looks from the elevator over her shoulder at us and back again, Looks like we will have to wait for the next ride down.
She says.
Joseph is excited that he will be seated at the Arena this time and when he sees the board that announces the matches he runs towards it.
He knows which Alphas I would like to fight against and I see a huge smile on his face when he turns towards me, Shadow Moon Pack, Alpha Amarah.
Dad walks over to him and lifts him into his arms before he walks out to the Arena, Apollo holds out some earphones as I take a deep breath.
Just listen to this and concentrate on the lyrics, Apollo says and I take the earphones as lone turns me towards the Arena.
---- The song starts and I really like the melody, but I really have to focus to hear what the man is singing.
I know it is from the Human era because Werewolves and Lycans don't make music like this and I wonder where the singer came from.
###Chapter 71
---- Amarah lam so focused on the lyrics of the song that I don't see Alpha Crios giving me a death glare, nor do I see the females that look between Theseus men and us and I sure as hell dont see the Alpha of Shadow Moon Pack checking me out.
I do feel Theseus feelings going all over the place, but just a touch of my hand settles him down.
lone takes the earphones out and tells me to get ready for my match.
I see Joseph in a very serious discussion with my Father, but even straining my hearing doesn't help and I give up on trying to eavesdrop on their conversation.
Kick some a***, my Alpha.
Theseus says through our mind-link, just as I am taking of my sweater to enter the Arena.
I am looking forward to this fight, I have a legal excuse to kick this Alphas a*** and I stare directly at him as I step into the Arena.
Like Alpha Crios he taunts me with my rejection, but I don't respond at all to his words and I know it frustrates the hell out of him.
Like most Alphas he believes that females aren't cut out to be Warriors and definitely not meant to be Alphas, Betas or Gammas.
Today is the day this Alpha will get his a*** kicked by a female, a female that also happens to be an Alpha and I know it will embarrass him as much as it embarrassed Alpha Crios.
He lunges at me and I decide to make this a quick match.
---- I duck down making him fly over me and as he is above my head I roll forward to slam the heel of my boot into his face.
He is out cold before he hits the floor and Joseph is cheering louder than anyone else, he is on Theseus shoulders as he cheers.
I walk towards them as Alpha Crios approaches them and I see that his gaze is focused on Joseph, Hello, Joseph.
Are you enjoying the Competition? He asks and I wonder what he is up to, Joseph tells him he is really enjoying himself.
I know shit is about to hit the fan when he asks Joseph if he is here with his Father, Yes, I am here with my Father.
Joseph replies and I see a strange look on Alpha Crios face, I thought your Father was with your Grandfather.
Alpha Crios states and Joseph says, Yes, he is with my Grandfather.
Alpha Crios is looking around and Joseph asks him what he is looking for, I am looking for your Father and your Grandfather.
Alpha Crios answers and I think he is about to blow when Joseph says, They are right here.
Slowly it hits me, Joseph is telling the truth about where his Father and Grandfather are.
Everyone stares at me as I burst into a fit of laughter and I think that pisses Alpha Crios off even more, It is not a good idea to lie to an Alpha, Pup.
Alpha Crios growls at Joseph, but before anyone can respond I step between Alpha Crios and Theseus.
Alpha Crios, if I ever hear you threaten Joseph again I ---- will bring war to your doorstep and wipe out that pathetic excuse of a Pack of yours.
Joseph is telling the truth, it is just a truth you are not aware of and itis a truth we are not going to explain to you.
I growl back at him.
Theseus I think Alpha Crios has a death wish as he is talking to Joseph and when he accused Joseph of lying I wanted to side with him, but then my Mate opened her mouth.
She probably realized why Joseph answered him the way he did and I let his questions run through my mind again.
Damien isnt here and neither is my Father or Penelope's Father.
Even if they were here I wouldn't let them anywhere near Joseph, after all Amarah and I adopted him for a reason and then it hits me square in the face.
I look at Atlas to see if he has connected the dots, but I don't think he has.
I pull Joseph from my shoulders and hand him to Rhea as everyone already knows that she is Midas Mate.
Eos and Xanthos step closer to Rhea and I know nothing will happen to Joseph, Alpha Crios, as Alpha Amarah just stated you don't know the truth and I give you the same warning Alpha Amarah already gave you.
Threaten Joseph ever again and war will be knocking on your door.
Now get the hell away from us and that also includes Delia.
I growl as I get in his face.
Alpha Crios looks at me and says, If that b***...
He doesn't get the ---- chance to say anything else as Linus pushes forward.
###Chapter 72
---- He grabs him by the throat and lifts him off the ground, Don't you dare threaten my Mate.
He roars as he punishes him in the face and sends him flying into the center of the Arena, but before Linus can run after him Amarah grabs his arm.
Linus, calm down.
She says as she places her other hand on his cheek.
Linus, look at me.
I need you to calm down, I am right here.
Linus pulls her into his arms and buries his face in her neck.
She wraps her arms around his neck and she just holds him.
Linus and I both know Amarah didnt want anyone else to know just yet, but she also knows I cant control Linus when someone threatens her.
/ am sorry, my Alpha.
I just lost control.
Linus tells her through our mind-link, ! know, Linus.
Everyone can tell there was no stopping you and there is nothing to be sorry for.
She replies.
Alpha Crios gets help from his Beta to get back on his feet and Alpha Jaydon steps in front of him, Alpha Crios, I suggest you and your Pack-members go home and don't think about spreading false rumors or I will side with Alpha Theseus and Alpha Amarah.
He says.
Silver Moon Pack may not be a large Pack, but having them on our side means an advantage as they are not far from Hollow Moon Pack and Alpha Crios knows that it will cause him trouble.
There might not be an alliance between both Packs, but if needed they help one another out.
---- Alpha Crios seems to understand the trouble he will find himself in if he lashes out again, but the look he gives Amarah doesn't predict much good for the future Shadow Moon Pack follows Hollow Moon Pack inside and I know they will try to come up with something to bring trouble to our doorstep.
The rest of the day is uneventful and both Alphas Amarah wants to fight are still in the Competition.
There are eight competitors left and I hope her next match will be against the Alpha of Black Stone Pack.
He has always been a cocky bastard and I will enjoy watching him go done at the hands of a female.
Elder Ezra gets on the stage after the last match is over and he announces that Amarah broke her own record, Amarah giggles while others stare at Elder Ezra.
When Alpha Amarah took down Alpha Crios, she did it in the fastest time ever and she broke that time taking down Alpha Harold.
Everyone in the Arena is quiet except for a five-year-old male, Joseph is applauding and cheering as he is standing on the bleachers and Amarah takes a bow in his direction.
Alpha Jaydon and Alpha Murphee join him in his applause and I can see my Mate becoming a bit embarrassed.
They all should be applauding, you deserve the credit, my Alpha.
I say through our mind-link and I also start applauding her, soon every member of the four Packs are applauding.
I slip my arm around her waist as I kiss her forehead and she wraps her arms around my waist.
---- We head back into the Hotel and Joseph asks if he needs to change into other clothes, No, my Little Wolf.
If you don't want to put other clothes on you don't have to.
Amarah says and he jumps up and down towards the elevator.
Luna Maeve is talking to Anthea and Delia about Jane's visit and I am surprised to hear that Damien had accompanied her.
Why did Damien come with her? Delia asks and I growl at the answer she gets, I believe my Daughter is sleeping with him and I have an idea that Harver is very aware of it.
I wouldn't be surprised if they share her.
Delia stares at her in disbelief and I can't blame her for it.
Harver isn't Jane's fated Mate, so they can't feel it when they sleep with others.
I even think it is the reason why Penelope took a chosen Mate, I can't be sure about it but I think Penelope had a somewhat serious relationship with her Father's Beta.
Luna Maeve explains.
Delia is shaking her head and even I have trouble believing what Luna Maeve just explained, but it would answer the question of why Joseph had seen Damien leave Harver's room.
Theseus, do you think that is also the reason why your Father didnt wait for his fated Mate? Xanthos asks me through the mind-link.
It would explain Jean's story about him and I wonder if he ever took advantage of the Omegas before I took over, I respond.
I am grateful Jean had trusted me enough to tell me what had been going on with my Father and that ---- I was able to take precautions before we left.
Joseph is talking to Delia when we finally arrive at the suite and it feels good to see him at ease with all of them.
He looks happier than I have ever seen him before and I hope it has something to do with me and Amarah.
###Chapter 73
---- Amarah I get down on my hunches in front of Joseph and tell him I am going to take a shower, I will be right back, my Little Wolf.
Stay out of trouble.
I say and he wraps his arms around my neck as he says, I will, Amarah.
I press him a little tighter to my chest as I kiss him on the top of his head.
Before I get the change to walk out of the room I hear Mom ask Joseph why he answered Alpha Crios the way he did and I look at her with a smile on my face, I asked Atlas what Amarah meant when she said all the paperwork had been taken care off and he explained that Amarah and Uncle Theseus adopted me.
If Iam not mistaken that means that they are my parents now.
He says and Mom nods her head.
Who's shoulders was I sitting on when Alpha Crios addressed me? He asks as he is looking at Mom and she answers him that he was on Theseus shoulders.
It apparently hasn't registered with anyone yet and Joseph looks at Delia as he asks, If Uncle Theseus adopted me, what does that make him? Delia's eyes widen as she suddenly understands what Joseph is referring to and she starts giggling.
Mom looks from Joseph to Delia before she realizes what he is talking about, That would make Theseus your Father.
Mom answers his question and I hear Dad gasp as he finally understands that Joseph had meant him with Grandfather, he kisses the top of Joseph's head ---- before he says thank you.
And that means that I wasn't lying to Alpha Crios, I was with my Father and my Grandfather.
Right, Mom? he asks as he looks at me.
Tears form in my eyes as I wrap him in my arms and hold him close, Yes, my Little Wolf.
You were with your Father and Grandfather and soon everyone will understand what you meant.
I say.
After I place him back on the couch I walk to my room to take a shower and get dressed for dinner, Theseus is following me into my room with a distracted look on his face and I know he is still processing what Joseph called me.
Don't be surprised if he calls you Dad next time he answers you or asks you a question.
I say as I wrap my arms around his waist.
I raise my head as Theseus lowers his head and I open my mouth the moment his lips touch mine, granting him access to my mouth.
One of his hands is on my hips while the other hand is traveling up my body towards my b*** and I can smell the scent of my a*** in the air, This is going to be quick and fast.
He growls in my head.
My hips buck forward against his rock-hard c*** and he starts walking me towards the bathroom without breaking our kiss.
Instead of reaching my b*** his hand travels back down to grab the hem of my shirt and by the time we are inside the bathroom we are both butt n***.
He reaches with his hand behind me to turn on the water ---- and he starts kissing his way to my mark, he pulls back just a little to take a good look at my mark, It looks amazing, my Alpha.
He whispers before he starts sucking on it, sending my body into a frenzy and I can't stop the loud m*** that escapes me.
Once the water has the right temperature he walks us into the shower and before I can say or do anything he turns me around, Hands against the wall, my Alpha.
Linus commands and a shiver of pleasure runs down my spine.
There is not a thought in my head that is willing to to Linus command and I place my hands against the wall.
Linus steps behind me to slam his c*** into my sopping p*** in one thrust, he doesnt give me time to adjust as he starts pumping in and out of me and I love the way he is taking control.
It is as if he knows what I need right now and the harder he pounds into my p*** the closer I get to my c***, his hand glides down my back towards my a*** ever so slowly.
My body is more than willing to take what Linus has to give and the moment he presses his thumb against my a*** my body grants him entry.
His other hand slides from my hip to my backdoor and the moment he pulls his thumb out he inserts two fingers, stretching me wider.
Once we are home I will take that a*** completely and I am going to make you scream my name as you come, my Alpha.
He growls.
He is no longer alternating his movements and I feel filled to the brim with his c*** and fingers inside me, ---- Please, Linus.
Please..
make me come.
I manage to get out and his movements become faster and more erratic, Linus, please.
I beg over and over again as he starts pounding even harder and as I come undone he slams his c*** to the hilt into my p*** to shoot his c*** inside me.
###Chapter 74
---- My breathing slowly calms down as Linus pulls himself out of me before he turns me around, Get used to this, my Alpha.
I will take you whenever, wherever I get the change to and I am going to enjoy every minute of it.
The look in his eyes tell me he is not kidding and I m*** at the idea of Linus bending me over my desk.
He brings his head closer to my ear as he whisper, And I don't care who sees.
I press my thighs together as I m*** again and I see a smug look on his face, just before he gives control back to Theseus.
Did you like that, my Alpha? Theseus asks as his hand disappears between my legs and all I can do is nod my head; I won't lie about it I really liked it.
His fingers are playing with my clit as he bends down to suck a n*** into his mouth and I grab his shoulders to keep myself from falling.
I lean my head against the wall as my eyes close and I enjoy the feeling of my Mate touching my body, forgetting about everything else for a while.
It doesn't take long before I am close to the edge again and I feel a bit disappointed when Theseus pulls his hand away from my p***, he just lifts me up to slam me down on his c***.
Oh, f***..
Theseus..
again..
I ---- m*** and he lifts me of his c*** to slam me down again, going as deep as he can get.
He keeps slamming hard and deep into my p*** and I scream my release as he empties his balls deep inside me, we are both panting as we are coming down from our high.
His forehead leans against my chest as my head is still resting against the wall and it takes a few minutes before I am able to stand on my own two feet.
We finish cleaning ourselves up before we get dressed again and we walk into the living room to find Joseph fast asleep in Dads arms.
We still have an hour and a half before dinner is served and I ask Theseus to follow me to the dining room in our suite.
lone, Melia, Rhea and Eos grab their Mates and we all sit down at the table, I think we should start discussing how we are going to combine our Packs, what name to give it and how border patrol should be run.
I say and I know Melia already thought about our new border patrol runs and I believe lone already thought about our new Pack-house.
Amarah, there is something else I need to discuss with you.
When I took over from my Father I found a lot of things that didnt add up in the Packs finances and it took me a while to find out what was wrong with them.
Ademus is Ajaxs younger Brother and he has helped me rebuild our finances, he is the only one that knows the truth.
Other then my men that is, I have left him in charge of ---- the finances and Apollo's Father is left in charge of border patrol.
I don't trust my Father to have the Packs best interest at heart and with Delia's questions I trust him even less.
I trust Ademus with my Packs finances, but I understand if you might be reluctant to hand it over to him as I did and I want you to think about it.
Theseus explains and lone asks him how Damon managed to mess up the Packs finances without his Beta figuring it out.
What do you mean, lone? He asks her and I know Damon probably never discussed the books with his Beta and his Gamma.
lone asks him if he discusses financial decisions with Ajax and Apollo, but the look on their faces already tells us everything we need to know.
Theseus, if there is one thing my Father taught me is most important it would be to have an open and honest relationship with your Beta, Gamma and Deltas.
We all need to be aware of how our Pack is doing, whether that is financially, mentally or physically and that means to discuss everything.
If I want to make a change within the Pack I run it by them, we discuss every possible outcome and only then do we decide if the change can take place.
For an example I will use the new Pack-house, it is a large investment and it will not be cheap.
I say and I tell them about our discussion when I first came up with the idea.
I can feel Theseus becoming a bit annoyed, but I doubt it ---- has anything to do with me and suddenly he starts laughing.
What the hell is so funny, Alpha? Midas asks and Theseus needs a few minutes to calm himself down, We were never trained properly and I doubt if your Fathers were, but Linus pointed out something.
He says.
We are all looking at him and I know Midas will never let him forget this, Linus said that all I had to add to this relationship is a pretty face and that I should consider taking the Luna position.
He manages to say and I am in stiches.
Theseus is right though; I think Damon kept his Beta and Gamma in the dark on purpose.
###Chapter 75
---- Theseus Listening to Amarah explain how she runs her Pack I feel more and more annoyed with my Father, but I wonder why his Beta never ed to the way he ran our Pack and I intent to find out as soon as we get back home.
Well, at least you have a pretty face.
Linus mumbles.
I regret asking him what he means by that, but I think I shouldn't have said it out loud and I am glad Anthea walks into tell us that dinner will be served shortly.
I hear Joseph talking as we walk towards the living room and his face lights up the moment he sees us.
He jumps out of Atlas arms to run towards Amarah and as she lifts him up he kisses her cheek, Hello, my Little Wolf.
She says and he smiles at her as he says, Hello, Mom.
Something both of us will have to get used to, but for some reason it sounds so natural.
Did you have a good nap, Joseph? lone asks and he nods his head at her.
He clings to Amarah as we walk towards the elevator and he chuckles when I kiss her cheek after placing my arm around her.
Joseph places a hand on my cheek as he places his other on Amarah's cheek, Thank you for adopting me.
He says and I feel relieved he is okay with this.
Joseph, I will always have your back.
You are my family and family comes first.
In your case, you even come before your Father and no matter what happens I will always be here for you.
I say to him as I place my hand ---- over his small one.
Alpha Jaydon greets us as we walk into the dining room and I see a few of the other Alphas staring at me and Amarah, but she seems to be oblivious to the looks we get as she is in a deep conversation with Joseph.
He is asking her questions about White Crescent Pack and she answers every question he has.
When she mentions building a new Pack-house he becomes very interested in what it will look like and they discuss the infirmary they have at White Crescent Pack.
Joseph asks her if it is big enough to handle so many Pack-members and when she asks what he means he gets a very serious expression on his face.
Our infirmary is sometimes too small for the Wolves that need treatment and Doc sometimes has to send the Omegas away without even seeing them.
He says and I hear growls around me, but Joseph isnt impressed by them.
Grandfather told me Omegas don't need to be treated when I asked him about it.
Joseph continues.
He isnt too happy with what he is telling Amarah and I wonder if that has been the reason for one of his outbursts.
It seems that I need to find out everything my Father has done during his reign and rectify everything he did wrong, but he did point out something we need to think about.
Amarah tells him that that is something of the past and that every Omega will get treatment when it is required, making Joseph smile up at her.
Maybe we can build a ---- Hospital on the site of one of the Pack-houses, my Alpha.
I say and she tells me that that is an excellent idea.
I ask Ajax through our mind-link to discuss it with lone, so she can start on the plans for a Hospital and when she is done we might be able to determine where to build it.
I see a smile form on lone's face and I know she will have something ready by the end of tomorrow.
My attention gets drawn to Amarah and Joseph when I hear her ask him where he wants to sleep and I know that no matter what his answer is we will accept it, I want to stay with you, Mom.
He answers and for some reason it doesn't surprise me at all.
After dinner we head up to our suite and to my surprise I find Mykel and a few of his staff in there, Alpha Theseus, as requested there is a single bed placed inside your room and the luggage has been placed inside the rooms as well.
He says and I look at Amarah to see a small smile on her face.
I think Mom has something to do with this.
She answers my unasked question, but Mykel tells her it was Delia that instructed him to take care of these things and I can't help but smile as I think back on the words I whispered to Amarah.
Joseph smiles as Amarah and I tuck him in for the night, Remember, we are just down the hall and in the morning you will find us here.
Now it is time to go to sleep, my Little Wolf.
Amarah says to him and after we have both kissed him goodnight we quietly close the ---- door.
Luna Maeve and Alpha Robert are talking to Anthea when we walk into the living room and Luna Maeve turns to me with a smile on her face, Congratulations on finding your Mate, Alpha Theseus.
The two of you are a perfect match.
She says and Alpha Robert asks Amarah why we chose to adopt Joseph.
###Chapter 76
---- She tells them the same as she told Elder Ezra and Maeve tells Anthea she raised a very considerate young female.
Alastor looks at Maeve and asks her what she has been drinking, Amarah starts laughing as most of us just stare at Alastor.
My apologies, Luna Maeve.
My sister is not considerate, she is not nice and certainly not cut out to be an Alpha.
Alastor says imitating Alpha Crios voice and Amarah is in stiches as Maeve shakes her head, we all know she is the better Alpha around.
We talk about the Competition, the joining of our Packs and the Hospital Joseph brought up.
It is nearing midnight when Anthea gets up and tells us we all need to turn in as this Competition is not over yet.
We say our goodbyes near the elevator and I lift her bridal-style to carry her back to our room.
Joseph is vast asleep when we walk into the room and I follow Amarah into the bathroom to get ready for the night, but it seems my Mate has something else in mind.
She takes her clothes off after she has turned the shower on and my c*** is rock-hard from just watching ---- her.
She steps under the shower as I follow her closely and before she can turn around I have her pinned between my body and the wall.
With my knee I open her legs and quickly slide my c*** into her core, I keep a slow steady pace as I turn her head towards me for a kiss.
She tastes so good and I feel so damn good sliding in and out of her.
I want her to carry my Pups, I want to have a huge family with her and I plan on starting with that tonight.
I dont slow down or speed up; I just keep this steady rhythm going and I can feel it when she is close to her o***.
Her p*** starts to clench around my c***, her legs start to tremble as she is panting and she come undone the second I whisper, Come near her ear.
I let her ride out her high before I turn her around to clean up the mess I made and after we are both done we head to bed.
I wake up to two little hands on my face as I hear someone softly whisper, Dad..
Dad..
I slowly open my eyes to meet Joseph's eyes and I smile at him as I let my eyes glide towards my Mate, Shhh..
Mom is still sleeping.
He whispers and I softly chuckle because I can tell that she is awake.
Joseph slowly moves towards her to kiss her cheek when she whispers, Boo.
Joseph giggles as he leans ---- men in the world.
She says.
But don't tell Alastor I said that.
She tells Joseph that she has a very tight bond with Alastor and that both of them would drive Anthea nuts, Your Grandmother would sometimes ask us what we would do if the other didnt like our fated Mate and Alastor and I always gave the same answer, reject them.
She explains with a huge grin on her face.
Joseph looks at me with a serious face and a twinkle in his eye, Good thing Uncle Alastor likes you, Dad.
He says and Amarah giggles as I tickle Joseph.
By the time the others walk out of their rooms Amarah has started making breakfast and without saying a word lone starts helping her.
Melia and Rhea start setting the table, while Eos is taking care of making coffee and I smile as I hear Joseph asking them all sorts of questions.
Maybe next time we should take care of breakfast.
Xanthos says through the mind-link and Ajax bursts out in laughter.
Okay, who told a joke without including me? Rhea asks from the dining room and I quickly get up to turn towards the window.
Dad, why is Ajax laughing? Joseph asks and as I turn around I see five females looking at me, Next time you want to know something, ask it yourself, my Alpha.
I says with a teasing growl, but she just shakes her head.
Did Mom put you up to this, Joseph? I ask him and he shakes his head as he says, No, Aunt Eos did.
I see Eos ---- stare at Joseph, but I can't tell if it is because of the Aunt remark or the fact that he threw her under the bus.
I smile as I lift Joseph in my arms and I walk to the nearest seat to sit down.
Someone said through our mind-link that maybe next time we should take care of breakfast.
I answer him and he hides his face behind his hands as he starts shaking his head, No, not happening.
He keeps repeating those words and Eos asks him why not.
He keeps his face hidden behind his hands as he answers, I don't want to go to the Doctor.
Ajax is in stiches as Eos just stares at Joseph.
Amarah has a grin on her face as she walks over to Joseph, she gently removes his hands to make him look at her.
Who tried to burn down the Pack-house? She asks and Xanthos starts shaking his head, but Jospeh either choses to ignore him or he really didnt see it.
Uncle Apollo suggested making their Moms breakfast for Mother's Day, they had set the table in the dining room on the Alpha floor.
They made all sorts of things for breakfast and Grandmother said it looked delicious.
Joseph explains and he is right, it all had looked amazing.
Grandfather and the other Fathers were send downstairs for breakfast and after they ate just a little bit of the food they all got sick.
They had to spent the rest of the day in the infirmary, they had gotten food poisoning.
Grandmother banned ---- all of them from the kitchen after that.
Joseph says with a horrified look on his face.
Amarah tries her best not to laugh out loud, but one look at me sends her into a fit of laughter.
###Chapter 77
---- Amarah I enjoy breakfast with my family and if anyone would have told me a week ago I would adopt my first Mate's Son I would have killed that Idiot, but here we are.
I am.
mated to Theseus, I adopted his Nephew with him and my friends are mated to his friends.
I dont think life can get any better.
Joseph gets asked a lot of questions and some of his answers seem to surprise Theseus and his men.
After his reaction to his jeans, I already figured a lot of things he liked were forced onto him by his parents and by the sound of it I am correct.
Today every remaining Alpha has two matches and at the end of the day, there will be two left, meaning that tomorrow the finale will take place.
By the time we will get downstairs the matches will be announced on the board and everyone that will be watching hopes for long and bloody matches.
Ihave no intention to prolong my opponent's suffering, so my matches will be fast and short.
I know that I can take on every Alpha that is willing to fight against me and I owe it all to my Father, he never believed that a female was less than a male.
As I change into my outfit Joseph is going through his wardrobe with Theseus and he eventually settles for a pair of jeans with a black tight t-shirt, combining it with a pair of combat boots.
I see their reflection in the mirror and I smile as I realize he chose the same items ---- Theseus is wearing.
At least now everyone can tell that he is your Father, my Little Wolf.
I say as I turn towards them and Theseus has to look at his own clothing to see what I mean, a smile appears on his face as he lifts Joseph into his arms.
Joseph snuggles into his embrace as we step into the elevator.
I see a disappointed look on Theseus face as he sees my next opponent, it is not one I had hoped for and as I look at their opponents I know tomorrow will be a very interesting match.
I point out to Theseus through the mind-link what I see and a huge grin appears on his face.
Theseus and I are watching Joseph as his eyes switch between his own eye color and that of Griffin and we patiently wait until they are done with their discussion.
It takes a few minutes before he looks at me with a broad smile on his face and he leans towards me to whisper in my ear, You got this, Mom.
Ajax warns us that Damon has been blowing up their phones with calls and messages, but Theseus just shrugs his shoulders as we walk into the arena and he wants to be here for me without worrying about his parents or his Brother.
He kisses me deeply before he allows me to enter the Arena to face my opponent and I hear a few Wolves mumble as he says, I love you, my Alpha.
Joseph hugs me as he whispers in my ear, I love you too, Mom.
Minerva is howling in my head from joy and I whisper back to Joseph that I love him, before I ---- step into the Arena as I say to Theseus, I love you too, my Alpha.
My opponent has the advantage, but tells me he wants to test his Human side against mine, If I lose I know I am losing to a good and strong Alpha.
He says before he takes up his position and I almost feel sorry for him, because this will not be much of a match.
His eyes are focused on the position of my feet and he loses sight of the rest of my body language.
This time I dont wait for my opponent to make the first move, I take a step forward and as I place my foot back on the ground I use my arms to spin my upper body around.
My left leg swings towards his face, but he moves back a bit and my heel connects with his shoulder.
Before my foot is back on the ground my right fist connects with his face and he crashes with the ground, knocked out cold before he hits it.
I step back to give the referee space and a moment later he announces me as the winner.
His Father carries him out of the Arena after he has congratulated me on a smart and good win.
Tell him when he is conscious again that if he wants to learn where he went wrong, he knows where to find me.
I say to his Brother before I make my way back to Theseus and let him wrap his arms around me.
Joseph is watching the next match closely as it will determent who will be my next opponent.
His eyes follow both males as they move around the Arena and I see Griffin pushing forward every now and ---- then, both of them watching carefully at every move that is made.
It is a bloody and long fight as both Alphas are almost evenly matched in strength, but I already know who will win the match in the end and I look forward to kicking his a***.
###Chapter 78
---- It is close to lunchtime when the other three matches are over and we have a break until after lunch.
Theseus has his arm around my waist as we walk back into the Hotel and Joseph has settled himself in the arms of Eos, whispering to her what he saw during the matches.
They are having fun discussing the matches and I just enjoy watching the happy expression on Joseph's face.
It is good to see him acting like a Pup, instead of an adult trapped in a Pups body.
Theseus says as he pulls me onto his lap and I hear a few females making remarks.
Alpha Amarah.
Joseph draws my attention to him and for a moment I look at him for using my title, but Eos quickly explains he is in training mode.
Yes, Joseph.
I reply and I hear every conversation halt as they turn their attention to me and Joseph.
How old should a Pup be to start training, Alpha Amarah?" He asks and I tell him that in White Crescent Pack Pups start training at the age of eight.
Does that apply to an Alpha Pup as well, Alpha Amarah? He asks and I hear Theseus chuckle in our mind-link, He is annoying the hell out of a few Wolves by using your title with every question.
Theseus says to me.
Joseph, that applies to every Pup, no matter their rank.
---- However, I started training at the age of seven after I punched a certain young future Alpha into the infirmary for insulting me.
I say as I look at Murphee.
Joseph is quiet for a while and slowly the other conversations around us start up again.
We are waiting for dessert when Joseph looks at me again and I know he will have another question or two for me, Alpha Amarah, if an Alpha Pup doesn't start training early or doesn't train every day will he become strong enough to defeat an Alpha like you? He asks and I know exactly why he is asking this question.
Joseph, I don't think that such a Pup could beat most Alpha Pups that do train every day.
An Alpha needs to be strong to defend his or her Pack and even if the Alpha Pup is not the first born he or she should still train every day, because we don't know what might happen in the future.
What would happen if the first born dies or decides not to take over? I ask him and I notice that there are quiet a few Alphas and their Sons thinking about my question too.
It might leave a Pack without a strong heir, Alpha Amarah.
He answers me with confidence.
Joseph, I know you told us you don't want to become an Alpha, but you have at least one quality you need as an Alpha.
Theseus says and Joseph looks at him to continue.
You have the brains to think things through, something not every Alpha Pup has at your age.
Joseph rewards him with a smile as he digs into his dessert.
---- Alpha Amarah.
I hear the voice of my last opponent next to me and I turn to face him.
! would like to take you up on your offer to find out what I need to improve in my fighting.
Please contact me once you have settled everything at home, my Father would also like to talk to you and Alpha Theseus about an alliance.
He says and Theseus tells him that we will contact them as soon as we can.
Mykel slips me a note as he removes some of the empties plates from our table and I open it under the table between myself and Theseus.
Damon just arrived with Damien and Penelope, they are looking for Joseph.
I put them in meeting room one, the note states and I feel Theseus becoming angry.
Let's get this over with.
I will ask Mom and Dad to keep an eye on Joseph, I dont want him in the middle of this.
I say to Theseus and within a few minutes we are on our way to meeting room one.
I am not surprised to find Elder Ezra waiting for us and I see the paperwork in his hands.
All three of them stare at me as I follow Theseus into the room and Damon asks what the hell I am doing there, that this is a family matter.
You are right, Father.
This is a family matter and as my Mate Amarah has every right to be here.
Theseus says as he keeps his eyes locked with Damien.
Penelope demands to see Joseph as Theseus and Damien are in a staring contest and I tell Penelope that Joseph is safely with his Grandparents, No, he is not.
---- Luna Maeve kidnapped him and we know that he is here, lying to Alphas and what not.
She yells.
Elder Ezra decides to intervene and asks her if her family will confirm her claim to the kidnapping, making her back down immediately.
Theseus, she might be your chosen Mate...
Damon gets interrupted with a roar from Minerva and Theseus wraps us in his arms to calm her down.
Father, Amarah is my second chance Mate as I am her second chance Mate.
You and Mother have a choice; either you refrain yourselves from misbehaving towards Amarah or you can follow Damien and Penelope.
I will not let any of you destroy my life with my fated Mate.
He growls.
Damon doesn't say a word and I know he will try to make my life miserable, but I doubt he knows I can take care of myself.
Damien brings Joseph up again and this time Elder Ezra does the talking, Is it correct that Joseph already has his Wolf? He asks and Damien confirms what we told him.
He explains to them that Joseph needs a strict upbringing and a stable home to live in, Which I know he doesn't have with the two of you, neither your Father, Penelope or your parents, Damien, have what it takes to raise him.
The Council has removed your parental rights and they found a family that can and will give him the upbringing he needs.
All three of them stare at Elder Ezra as if he has grown a ---- second head, Where the hell is my Son? Damien shouts and Minerva pushes forward as I get out of my seat.
"He is no longer your Son.
We will raise him as our own and we will love him as our own.
Minerva growls in his direction.
Damon demands to see the paperwork from the Council, Elder Ezra shows them to him and Damon has no choice but to confirm to Damien and Penelope that we adopted Joseph.
That b*** is not going to raise my Son.
Penelope shouts and I actually start laughing.
What kind of Mother allows her Pup to see her sneak out of another males room at night? What kind of Father allows his Pup to see him sneak out of his Aunt and Uncle's room at night? Both of them pale as I ask my questions.
He knows you aren't fated Mates, he saw the difference between your marks and ours.
Theseus, I will leave the rest up to you.
I want to go back to our Son and prepare for my second match." I say as I lean down to kiss him and I walk out of the room, leaving Theseus to deal with his family.
I find my family still in the dining room and I quickly pull Joseph into my arms.
I bury my nose into his neck as he wraps his arms around my neck, Are you okay, Mom? He asks and I tell him I will be, remembering Theseus warning I tell him who I just had a meeting with.
He grabs hold of me even tighter and I am not sure if it is because he wants to comfort me or that he fears they might take him away from me.
---- No one is going to take you away, my Little Wolf.
You are mine and I will protect you with my life.
I whisper into his ear and I feel the tension leave his tiny body.
###Chapter 79
---- Theseus I saw the confused look in Damien's eyes when he saw Amarah behind me and I really enjoyed the look on his face when I told them she is my second chance Mate.
Dad said nothing after my warning and I know him well enough that he will try to get away with disrespecting Amarah, but I am going to enjoy the show when he tries.
The moment she closes the door behind her a shitstorm kicks up and I just sit back as I ignore what they are yelling and shouting about.
After about five minutes Linus has had enough and in our Alpha voice he shouts, Shut up.
I get out of my seat as Linus backs down just alittle bit.
I don't care what you have to say, I dont care how you feel about this and I sure as hell dont give a damn about your opinions.
Amarah and I will be raising Joseph, we will build a life together and our firstborn will take over the Pack.
I say and when Dad says it Josepts birth to take over Dark Mountain Pack right Linus roars.
Dad, you seems to forget something.
With me and Amarah mated our Packs will become one, there will be no more Dark Mountain Pack to take over.
Then there is the matter of Joseph not wanting to become an Alpha and I will honor his wish.
I say and I think it will take a while before my Father will understand that Dark Mountain Pack will cease to exist.
I want to three of you out of here before Amarahs next match is over and with the way she is going that will be ---- within a minute.
Dad, I will talk to you at home and as for the two of you I suggest you go to your new Pack.
If I find out you set foot in Dark Mountain Pack I will come for you.
I say before I walk out the door to find my Mate.
She wraps her arms around me the moment I stand in front of her and I bury my nose in her neck to inhale her scent and to allow Linus to calm down.
We both hated being in the room without her, but we also understood her need to get away from them and she needed to prepare for her match.
Joseph is in Antheas arms and I see that the others are not far away from her, He knows they are here, this is just our family showing him that he will be safe with them.
Amarah says through the mind-link and I smile at her before I kiss her deeply.
Her next match starts in a few minutes and I can't wait to see how she will take down the Alpha of Black Claw Pack, he is an Alpha that treats his Pack as personal slaves.
I believe that only his Beta and Gamma get treated normally and I know that there are those that have tried to escape his Pack, but not many make it past the borders of his Pack.
An Elder is keeping a close eye on the Alpha and I wonder what that is about, because normally Elders keep away from Alphas.
If only to make sure they don't look biased or offend an Alpha from another Pack, so this in it self is rather unusual and I ask Midas through the mind-link to keep an eye on it.
---- I don't have to wait long for an answer as one of his Warriors gets worked to the ground and Elder Ezra steps onto the stage to inform us that word had gotten to them that the Alpha wanted to cheat, Alpha Amarah, we can postpone the match until after a Doctor has looked him over to make sure he is clean.
The choice is yours.
Elder Ezra says.
Amarah choses to postpone the match and I hadn't expected another answer from her.
She really wants to show these Alphas what she is made of and that with the right training a female can take down any male.
Atlas and Anthea can be proud of the female they raised, she is an excellent fighter and I am damn glad she is my Mate.
We talk through the mind-link to pass the time and to keep her mind of what could have happened.
We talk about a new name for our Pack, we talk about the plans for the new Pack-house and we keep coming back to the same conclusion, we will address it once this Competition is over.
Joseph fell asleep in her arms as we were talking and Anthea gently takes him from her arms before Amarah gets up to enter the Arena.
I ask someone to tape the match for Joseph as I keep my eyes on Amarah and that asshole of an opponent, because the Doctor might have given the all clear but it doesn't mean I will trust him.
This will be the last match of the day and whoever wins will be facing the Alpha of Black Stone Pack tomorrow.
I see a less than confident look on Alpha Claus face and I ---- know he is well aware of the fact that he is going to lose.
He has two strikes against him now, the first one was when he tore up the alliance and the second when he tried to cheat in this Competition.
###Chapter 80
---- Amarah decides to show him that she is the better fighter by dodging every attempt he makes at connecting with her body and she makes it look so damn easy, but I know it takes a lot of practice to be able to pull this off.
She slowly tiers him out as she makes him angrier every time she avoids his punches.
Every punch or kick she throws his way connects with his body and I see a very determent and evil look in her face, that Mate of mine is up to something.
He is staggering around the Arena, but as long as he is still standing or conscious the match keeps going and that is when I figure out what my Mate is going for.
The ultimate way to humiliate an Alpha like Alpha Claus, she wants him to forfeit the game, she wants him to admit defeat and I think she won't stop until he gives up.
He tried to win this match by cheating and now she is going to force him to tap out, a humiliation he will never recover from.
I look around the Arena and I see that I am not the only one that has figured out her end game, every Alpha is watching intently as she dodges him again while her fist connects with his side.
She side steps to avoid his fist as she shoves her knee into his groin and I am grateful it is not my groin.
---- Linus is sitting on his hindlegs with his tongue out of his mouth and he watches in aww as our Mate avoids another one of his attempts to hit her.
Looking back on her training with Midas and Apollo I realize she had been holding back and I promise myself I will become her sparring partner, she needs someone that can hold his own against her.
Every member of Black Claw Pack is looking worried at their Alpha as he receives another punch to his side and I really hope he will tap out before she accidentally knocks him out.
Too bad Joseph is asleep, he would have loved to see this match.
I hear a voice next to me say.
Yes, Atlas.
He would have been up on the bleachers yelling for Alpha Claus to tap out.
I state and he asks what I mean by that, so I explain that this is one of the rules in regulations.
This match has been going for over an hour now and I start to wonder how much longer Amarah can keep this up, but it is not something I have to worry about.
Alpha Claus finally taps out after her heel connects with the back of his head and Amarah gets announced the winner after tap out.
I lift her in the air as I spin us around and she is laughing as I slowly let her glide down my body, That was an amazing match, my Alpha.
I say before I slam my lips to hers and she wraps her legs around my waist.
I forget that we are standing inside the Arena, I forget that there are a lot of Wolves watching, I just forget ---- about the rest of the world as I am kissing my Mate and I don't give a crap if someone thinks it is inappropriate to show this in front of the world A loud roar pulls us apart and I see Minerva pushing forward as Amarah sees over my shoulder what is going on.
I hold onto her as I turn around, but I nearly lose control to Linus as I see Alpha Crios holding Anthea by the throat and Damien is trying to pry Joseph out of her arms.
I step froward with Amarah to intervene, but Damien and Crios get taken care of by Delia.
She first punches Damien straight in his face before she turns her attention to Crios and I g*** at the sight in front of me.
She is standing behind Crios and without thinking twice she puts her hand between his legs to squeeze his groin in her hand, her Wolf lending her extra strength.
He screams on the top of his lungs, but she is not releasing him.
Delia, Sweetheart.
Anthea says.
Joseph and I are fine.
I think it is safe to let go.
However she isnt listening and it takes Joseph to put his hand on her other arm before she actually looks at Anthea.
After everyone settles down a bit I look at Amarah, she is holding Joseph tight and I dont think she will be letting go anytime soon.
My men and I had guided everyone back into the Hotel to let others deal with the aftermath of things, I made sure everyone was safe before I wanted to deal with my baby Brother.
Amarah stays close to me and I realize that every time I ---- take a step away from her she follows me, but I dont think she is aware of what she is doing.
I wrap my arms around her and Joseph before I bury my face in her neck.
###Chapter 81
---- Amarah Minerva is still agitated about what Damien tried to do, she wants to rip him to pieces and I need Joseph and Theseus close to keep control of her.
She is ranting and raging in my head as she keeps pacing back and forth, holding Joseph settles her a little but when Theseus wraps his arms around us she finally calms down completely.
Are you okay, my Alpha? Theseus asks and I tell him I nearly lost control to Minerva.
He sit down on a couch with me and Joseph on his lap and he just holds us close.
I see Mom and Dad talking to Delia and I am thankful she was there to take care of those two Idiots.
Theseus takes my mind of what happened by asking Joseph what kind of room he wants and I listen as they discuss the color he wants on his walls.
He wants a silver gray wall behind his bed and the other walls in classic sand with tomahawk blue grey oak laminate flooring, with under his bed a rug with a leaf pattern in multiple natural colors.
The rug has to be high-pile as he likes the feeling of it underneath his feet in the morning and we keep looking further for everything he wants in his room.
He picks a black bed with a rounded frame as he likes the way it looks, there is a light running through the headboard and it looks as if the bottom is folded in two.
He doesn't want to choose any other furniture until he has seen his room, but Theseus tells him that it will take ---- some time before the new Pack-house is done.
Joseph isnt bothered by it and tells us he will make further decisions on his room once the main structure of the building is in place.
Theseus is showing something to Joseph as he asks if I might like that and I see the most disgusting look on his face.
If you do that Mom is going to make you live with Grandfather and Grandmother.
He grumbles and I see Theseus pale at his words, he seems to think Joseph might be right.
I try to see what it is, but Joseph just shakes his head and I giggle as he tries to keep it away from me.
Is it that bad, my Little Wolf? I ask him and by the looks I see on others faces I know I really dont want to see it.
A ding on my phone pulls my attention away from Joseph and Theseus, a smile appearing on my face when I see that Eos send me a picture.
I open the image but immediately wishing I hadn't, Joseph is right about Theseus living with his parents if he gets us this bed and I decide to get back at him for it.
I actually think it looks amazing, my Little Wolf.
I say and both of them look at me in shock, but I keep my eyes on the image.
Brown colored laminate flooring, light grey walls and an off-white colored rug.
Light colored sheets would look great with the different colors of the rocks.
I say as Minerva is rolling in the aisles and I keep my eyes on the image as I hear Theseus softly g***.
Joseph is in stitches as he can see Theseus face and I guess my ---- Mate looks horrified.
I was just kidding, my Alpha.
Theseus whispers in my ear and I turn to him with a pout on my face.
But if you really like it we can get it.
He quickly continues and I am rolling in the aisles with Minerva.
Joseph is hiccupping as we both try to catch our breath.
I'll keep this in mind, my Alpha.
Theseus says with a menacing voice, but I see the twinkle in his eyes.
Not that I doubt he will get back at me for this, but it was worth it.
Joseph has finally caught his breath again, but giggles every now and then as he looks at Theseus or me.
Joseph is watching my match as we wait for dinner to be served and he comments out loud as he sees what is happening on the screen, he cheers whenever I connect with my opponent.
When he sees that Alpha Claus tapped out he is jumping up and down in his seat, not even the growls coming from Black Claw Pack stop him from celebrating my victory.
He stands up on his chair and everyone goes quiet as they look at the little five year old Wolf, That is my Mom and she will win tomorrow.
He yells loudly and there are actually a lot of Wolves that start applauding, but not everyone is to thrilled with his announcement.
Theseus chuckles as I get up to hug my Little Wolf, I pull him down with me to place him on my lap and I lean into Theseus as I sigh out of contentment.
My life is complete for the time being and Theseus and I will ---- concentrate on getting our Packs sorted out first.
Our new borders have to be marked, our Warriors have to be integrated and most importantly we have to get our border patrol sorted out.
lone is already working on the plans for building our new Pack-house, we finished the blueprint for the remaining floors and Theseus and I had approved the final drawing.
###Chapter 82
---- Tonight we will make our list of things we need to do the moment we get back on Pack grounds, even though I think that Dark Mountain Pack will know about us being mated from Damon and I know he hopes they will be opposed to it.
It doesnt have me worried though, I think they will welcome it if Joseph's remark about the Omegas is an indication towards Damon's behavior towards Omegas.
Some females still give me death glares, even though everyone knows that we are fated Mates.
I am not sure if I will ever understand a female like them, a female like Penelope that will chose a Mate over their fated Mate.
Maybe if you never intend to stay faithful to your Mate it would be an explanation, but then again your Wolf or Lycan will always chose their fated Mate over a chosen one.
Even after getting rejected we never considered a chosen Mate, I grew up surrounded by fated couples and I saw what a fated Mate can do for you.
Even in the midst of pure anger and hate your fated Mate can calm you down, something a chosen Mate will never be able todo.
---- Chances of having a Pup are far less for chosen Mates than for fated Mattes, I am not saying they cant have Pups but usually it will take longer for them to conceive.
If I were to give you a good thing about chosen Mates it would be that you don't feel pain.
Pain from your Mate cheating on you, pain from your Mate getting injured or pain when your Mate dies.
You don't feel their emotions and that is the main difference between a chosen Mate and a fated Mate, a major part of the Mate-bond is missing.
Minerva pulls me a bit further into my head as she asks me what I felt when Damien had grabbed Joseph and I let my mind go back to that moment as I eat my dinner.
I had felt happy with Theseus lips on mine and I had not recognized the roar that pulled us apart.
The moment I saw Damien reach out to Joseph I wanted to let Minerva take over, but I am glad Theseus turned me away from that scene and even though I couldn't see it I had felt it the moment a hand wrapped around Joseph's arm.
I concentrate on Joseph and I feel his excitement running through him, I can feel that he is happy.
Theseus, do me a favor? Concentrate on Joseph and tell me what you feel.
I say through our mind-link and I watch his face as he does what I asked him to do.
As I watch him I ask Minerva how this is possible, Joseph is not our Pup by blood and I shouldn't be able to feel his pain or his emotions.
---- His face changes expression before I hear him in my head and he confirms what I felt myself.
Minerva tells me why we are able to feel his pain and emotions and for a moment I am flabbergasted, this was something I didnt even know could happen.
Mom, what is wrong? I hear Joseph ask and I turn to face him.
Joseph, why are you asking, my Little Wolf? I ask him, but I think I already know the answer to that question and he confirms it when he tells me that he felt I was feeling strange to him and Griffin.
Every conversation has stilled and I know everyone wants to know what we are discussing.
There is nothing wrong, my Little Wolf.
Minevra just told me that you and Griffin have fully accepted us as your parents and that explains why I felt it when you had pain in your arm or why you could feel my emotions spike.
I tell him.
Oh, silly Mom.
Of course Griffin and I accept you as our Mom, you love us and so does Dad.
He says and I nuzzle his neck as I pull him in my arms.
I dont want to think about what his words might mean, I will do that later but for now I will just enjoy the moment.
Theseus thanks Joseph and Griffin for accepting us as his parents and I feel how happy this makes him, Joseph will always have our love, he will never have to doubt it and I will make sure he gets reminded of it every single day.
Even when Theseus and I will have Pups of our own, he will always be our first Pup.
###Chapter 83
---- Amarah I am putting Joseph to bed in the other suite, he decided he wanted to stay with his Grandparents when he heard that we would be talking Pack business and he understands that it will take our attention away from him.
He knows that for us as Alphas running our Packs to the best of our abilities is very important and that sometimes means that we will have less time for him.
He turns to face me and I see that Griffin has pushed forward, Hello, my Little Wolf.
How are you feeling? I ask him, because I really want to know how Griffin is feeling and not just about the adoption.
I want to know how he feels being here already and I want to know if he feels the need to shift.
I feel fine, Mom.
I know I wasn't supposed to show up this early, but I felt that Joseph needed me.
I have a question for Mom though.
He says and I know he means Minerva, so I allow her to take over.
Can I shift soon? He asks and Minerva asks him what he feels when it comes to shifting.
If a Wolf or a Lycan shows up early they usually shift shortly after that and I was taught that a Wolf or a Lycan will start to feel restless, like they want to jump out of their Human.
Griffin tells us that he feels itchy as if his skin is about to burst and I know he will shift real soon.
Theseus, we need to get Joseph outside.
I think Griffin is about to take control and shift.
I tell him through our mind-link as I lift him in my arms and walk out of the ---- bedroom.
Theseus and Dad are already waiting at the elevator, the rest will stay here as they don't want to over whelm Joseph and Griffin.
Mom, can Aunt Eos come with us? Joseph asks and he tells me Griffin wants her to see him before they start their training to become a Warrior.
Eos has a huge grin on her face as she walks out of the living room, Thank you, Little Wolf, for inviting me to this huge moment in your life.
She says.
The moment we step out of the elevator Mykel guides us towards the back of the Hotel and I am grateful no one else will be able to see Joseph shift for the first time.
Dad has a videocall open with everyone upstairs, but he put the sound on mute as he doesn't want anything to distract Joseph or Griffin.
We walk into a small gated garden and it is big enough to let Griffin run around for a while.
I shift into Minerva as she wants to be close to Joseph and Griffin during their first shift and I see Joseph and Theseus stare at her as she walks towards them.
You look amazing, my Alpha.
Theseus says as he lets his hands run through her fur and Joseph nuzzles her neck as he wraps his arms around her.
Outside my Pack there are not many Wolves that have seen Minerva and everyone is stunned every time they see her dark grey fur together with her height.
Theseus tells Joseph to take his clothes off and to stay close to Minerva, he keeps telling Joseph and Griffin ---- that we are here to help him.
Tears run down my face as I hear Joseph scream the moment his bones start to crack, I hate seeing him in pain and I wish I could take it away from him.
Minerva steps over Joseph as Theseus tells him to give control to Griffin, Don't fight Griffin, my Little Wolf.
It hurts less if you let Griffin take over.
I say to him, even though I know he can't hear me.
Mom is right here with you, my Little Wolf.
We will help you through this, just hang in there.
I say and Minerva tells me to keep talking.
I keep talking to Joseph as I see fur sprouting and little by little Griffin takes control, it takes over half an hour before it is done.
In front of me stands a light yellow colored Wolf and as the moon shines down on him he almost looks golden.
Eos is awestruck as she watches him, he barks at Minerva as he pushes against her legs and she gently pushes back.
Griffin and Minerva run around the small garden as everyone watches them play, Thanks, Mom.
I hear Joseph's voice in my head and for a moment I am to stunned to respond.
He tells me he could hear me but couldn't respond because of the pain and I tell him it will get easier with time, that the more he shifts the less pain he will be in.
Minerva guides Griffin back to Theseus to shift back and I explain to Joseph what they need to do this time.
Within seconds my Son is in his Dads arms and Minerva shifts back to hand control back over to me.
I pull on my clothing, after which I take Joseph from Theseus and ---- put his pajamas back on.
I had seen Elder Ezra when we entered the garden, but like Mykel he had stayed in the background and I am grateful he is here now because of the questions I have.
I tell him what happened after the shift and he tells me it is normal for parents and Pups to have their own mind- link, even if they dont have a Wolf or Lycan yet, that usually the link forms after a Pup turns eight.
He explains that he will make a file on Joseph and Griffin for the Council and that we need to inform him of every milestone in their lives.
It will be used for future young Wolves and as material for lessons at the Academy, to prepare anyone on what may lie ahead.
###Chapter 84
---- Eos Hearing Theseus say that Joseph was about to shift was amazing and I asked Atlas to film him after his shift, but he said he would do us one better, a videocall.
My heart skipped a beat when Joseph said that Griffin wanted me there to see him shift and Xanthos had told me to enjoy this, to take notes for when our Pups would shift for the first time.
I have no idea how Minerva and Amarah got through it, it pained me to hear and see in how much pain Joseph was and I wanted to wrap him in my arms to comfort him.
I was stunned into silence when I saw Griffin, he is a golden Wolf and somehow it shouldn't have surprised me but it did.
---- A golden Wolf is a special Wolf and Griffin is a special Wolf because he showed up so early, but I also think he might have an ability.
Joseph is able to tell when someone is not truthful with him and it wouldn't surprise me if he holds the gift of truth, but only time can tell us that.
After hearing that Joseph could mind-link Amarah I snuck away to meet up with Xanthos , I need my Mate to calm my racing mind and I know exactly how he can do that.
Xanthos meets me at the elevator and I tell him what I witnessed as the elevator takes us up to the suite.
He pulls me into his arms as we get off the elevator and I jump into his arms as I slam my lips to his, I fight him for dominance as I always do but I let him win.
We don't waste to much time in removing the other's clothes and his fingers find my sopping p*** waiting for him, sliding two of them straight in.
My arms are wrapped around his neck as he pushes his fingers in and out, harder and faster with every thrust into my p*** and I push back down on his fingers in the same rhythm.
My clit rubbing up and down his c***, stimulating my body to an o*** fast and the moment he pushes a third finger into my core I scream his name as I come undone.
He bends me over the back of the couch before I have caught my breath and he glides his huge c*** into my p***, his hands gripping my hips as he slowly pulls out.
F***, Baby.
You feel so good around my c***.
he ---- mumbles as he pushes back into my body and he starts to pump his c*** in and out in a steady pace.
He presses himself against my back as he pushes back into my core and he glides in deeper with every thrust, filling me to the brim.
I love how he takes charge and I know he will show me everything he likes to do with my body.
He speeds up as he places his hands around my b*** and his fingers start playing with my hard n***.
Xanthos, please.
I beg him, he pinches both my n*** as he slams his c*** all the way to the hilt into my p*** and I come hard around his c***.
He slowly pulls out as I try to get of the couch, but one of his hands is firm on my lower back to keep me in place.
His other hand disappears between my legs and I feel him sliding a finger through my juices, before he presses it against my backdoor.
I look over my shoulder at my Mate who is staring at my a*** and he starts pumping his finger in and out, speeding up quickly.
He adds a second finger as he pushes back into my a*** and I m*** out his name as he keeps the same pace as before.
I feel him move beside me and as he pulls his fingers back he slams his c*** into my p*** again.
I am going to make you scream, Baby.
I am going to come deep inside you, I am going to put a Pup inside you.
He groans.
He doesn't alternate his ministrations, no he moves his fingers and c*** into my body at the same time, faster, ---- harder and deeper with every thrust.
I am so focused on his fingers in my a*** and his c*** in my p*** that I don't realize that his other hand is cupping my b*** until he pinches my n***.
Xanthos, please.
I need to...
I stop talking as he pushes a third finger into my a*** and I scream in both pleasure and pain.
He is not slowing down and I know he will push me over the edge soon, just like he always does.
His c*** starts to twitch as he nears his o*** and it pushes me over the edge.
He keeps pumping his fingers and c*** in and out of my body, speeding up to prolong my o*** and a few seconds later he comes deep inside me.
I am too exhausted to walk myself and Xanthos gently places me on the bed, before he cleans me up.
I don't feel it when he tucks me in, I dont notice he walks out of the room to collect our clothes and I dont hear it when the others arrive at the suite.
I am off to dreamworld
###Chapter 85
---- Theseus I panic the moment I hear Amarah say that Griffin is about to shift and I am grateful for Atlas to make the decisions, because I can't think straight right now.
Linus is whining in my head at the thought of what Joseph has to go through and I panic even more.
What if Joseph can't handle his first shift? What if he gets to exhausted to finish his first shift? Will I be able to help him enough? Do I need to shift into Linus or will Minerva be the better choice? I am so caught up in my thoughts I don't notice that Atlas has guided me to the elevator, but I get pulled from my thoughts as I smell my Mate.
Amarah places Joseph in front of me as she starts to take her clothes off and I understand that Minerva wants to guide Griffin through his first shift.
Holy F***.
Our Mate looks amazing.
Linus says and I stare at the most beautiful Wolf I have ever seen.
She is almost as big as Linus and her fur is such a dark grey color that it comes close to black, Joseph wraps his arms around her as best as he can but she is to big for him.
I give him sometime to bond with Minerva before I tell him to take his PJ's off, We will be here every step of the way, my Little Wolf.
We will guide you through your shift, stay close to me and Minerva.
The moment his bones start to crack Minerva steps over him and I feel a bit better knowing she is that close to him, I keep talking to him as I stroke his back.
Linus is ---- whimpering in my head every time Joseph screams in pain, I feel tears running down my cheeks and I will be glad once this is over.
I see light yellow fur sprouting from his body as time Passes and I see that his eyes are fixed on Minerva as she nuzzles him with her snout.
The moment Griffin stands next to Minerva I just stare at the two of them, his golden fur looks amazing next to her dark fur and I chuckle when I see him pushing against Minerva's legs.
Griffin follows Minerva around the garden as Atlas steps next to me and I see that he is on a videocall with the others to show them what Griffin looks like.
Minerva and Griffin walk towards me and I know he will release control back to Joseph, so I get down on one knee to cuddle with him before he shifts back.
You did great, Griffin.
You are a special Wolf and I will guide you every step of the way, so you can become an amazing grown Wolf.
I say to him, he shifts back to Joseph and I hold onto him until Amarah takes him out of my arms to dress him.
We walk back towards the back entrance of the Hotel when I see that Elder Ezra and Mykel are waiting for us and as I listen to Amarah asking Elder Ezra questions I hear Joseph in my head, Thank you, Dad.
Mom told me it will get easier, that it won't hurt this bad next time.
Griffin enjoyed running around with Mom and he can't wait to meet Dad.
He says.
I know Linus wants to get the chance to run around with ---- Griffin as well and I feel proud that I get to raise this amazing Wolf with my Mate.
I want to reply to Joseph but he is already fast asleep and I smile as I watch him snuggling closer to Amarah.
After we put Joseph to bed we head back to our own suite to find one female missing and one look at Xanthos tells me why his Mate is unaccounted for.
Everyone is talking about Minerva and Griffin as we settle in our seats, before we start to discuss the important issues at hand and I know we won't be able to cover everything tonight.
Apollo and Melia take the lead in our conversation on border patrol, they point out that the first thing we need to do is make sure that our Warriors get integrated, They need to start working together if we want the border patrols to work and Melia pointed out that our patrols lack in efficiency, Theseus.
Apollo says.
He had discussed our patrols with his Mate and she showed him that our patrols weren't working to the best of their ability, that there was a lot that needed to be improved.
She had taken a map of both our Pack territories and pointed out how their patrols work compared to ours.
lam surprised we didnt have more Rogues entering our territory when she showed me the difference in our patrols.
We discussed how we should integrate our Warriors and we need to do it the moment we get back.
Apollo says.
---- We agree that I will have Josh, Neill and Simon take a group of Warriors with them to the clearing, splitting our Warriors in three teams and Amarah will do the same with her Warriors.
Nestor, Hector and Myles will be in charge of those teams and we will merge the six teams.
into three teams.
###Chapter 86
---- Apollo and Melia will explain to the Warriors what will be happening as Amarah and I will mark the borders at the north and south of the clearing, before we will remark the remainder of the borders.
It will allow Asteria to come out of hiding and enjoy freedom for the first time in five years.
Once the marking of the borders is done and the Warriors know how to run the borders, the rest of the Pack-members will be called to the clearing where we will inform them that Amarah and I are fated Mates.
That we will combine both Packs to one Pack, that we want their input on a name for our Pack and that we will have a new Pack-house build.
Joseph will be with us the entire time and I will announce that we have adopted Joseph to insure that Joseph and Griffin will get the guidance they need.
We will make sure that everyone knows that Damien and Penelope are no longer welcome on Pack territory unless they have my approval and that they are aware of the reason why.
Theseus, there is one thing we need to discuss before calling it a night.
lone says and her tone tells me this is necessary, I turn my attention towards her as Amarah ---- snuggles deeper into my arms.
I wrap my arms around her a little tighter as I kiss her temple.
Before she says anything she hands me her tablet to show me the plans for the Hospital and I am surprised to see that she used the blueprint from our Pack-house, Why did you chose this blueprint? I ask her and a smile appears on Ajaxs face as she tells me it is pointless to build a new building if we can remodel the interior of the Pack-house.
The ground floor will stay much the same as it will be used as a gathering place for those that are still living near our eastern border, Omegas get to chose where they want to live and those that stay at the Hospital will still cook for our Pack-members.
The offices will be made smaller for Doctors to check out injuries sustained during training.
The first floor will be remodeled to accommodate those that need to stay overnight or need longer to heal, the second and third floor is for Omegas and Warriors that want to stay there and the other floors will get remodeled to accommodate guests.
Ajax and I put our Pack's finances next to one another to see if it is possible to build the new Pack-house and remodel the Pack-house to a Hospital at the same time.
It will take some adjusting for everyone if we start remodeling your old Pack-house immediately, but most of the work will be done on floors that will barely get used.
---- That is if we all stay at the old Pack-house located in White Crescent territory and everyone will be using their meals there as well for the time being.
Our only challenge will be the Alpha floor in your old Pack-house.
lone says and we all know who she is talking about, she doesn't have to spell it out to us.
Even the financial budget is worked out into detail and I call Ademus to inform him he will receive an email from his Brother that he needs to look at, to make sure he can clear the budget with our finances.
After I disconnect the call I see Ajax counting down on his fingers from five to zero and the moment he is at zero my phone starts ringing.
I see that it is Ademus so I pick up quickly, Alpha, I might have an issue here.
It says in the oversight that our Pack-house gets remodeled to a Hospital, I don't think we need such a big Hospital for our Pack.
He says and I ask him if he has heard anything from my Father about his visit to the Competition site.
F***, the old Idiot was telling the truth.
He exclaims and I chuckle at the words he uses to describe my Father.
I tell him what has happened in the past few days and he tells me that my Father isnt to friendly with what he tells our Pack-members, that both my parents are talking trash about their new Luna.
Ademus, Amarah is not your new Luna.
She is the Alpha of White Crescent Pack.
I say and I hear him cuss and swear underneath his breath, making me wonder what the hell my Father told everyone.
Ademus, I want to ---- hear exactly what he has been saying about Amarah.
I demand and as I listen to him I wish I hadn't asked.
###Chapter 87
---- Amarah I wake up with Joseph sprawled over my chest and I feel Theseus eyes on me as I slowly turn my head towards him, Goodmorning, my Alpha.
He says as he lowers his head to kiss me and I enjoy the feeling of his lips on mine.
He crawled in here about an hour ago.
I am surprised him slipping in between us and shoving me out of the way didnt wake you.
He says.
I think Griffin was the one to push in between us.
He is holding on to my arm tightly as if he is afraid I might run of.
He says and I look down to see that Joseph has his arms wrapped around Theseus arm, using it to rest his head on.
I kiss the top of his head as I inhale the scent of my Little Wolf.
I dont want to wake him, but I have to get ready for my final match in this Competition and I slowly move Joseph from my chest onto Theseus chest, before I crawl out of bed to take a shower.
Just give him a few more minutes before you wake him, my Alpha.
I say as I kiss Theseus, before I walk into the bathroom.
I have just rinsed the shampoo from my hair when I hear a small voice in my head, Mom, can I take a shower too? I smile as I see him popping his head around the corner of the door and I tell him he can come inside.
He gets out of his pajamas and grabs the shampoo and shower gel that belong to Theseus.
Did Griffin need to be close to Mom and Dad? I ask Joseph after I have helped him wash his hair and he ---- smiles at me as he nods his head.
I remember that after I shifted for the first time that Minerva had felt the need to be close to Mom and Dad too.
That is fine, my Little Wolf.
Maybe you should ask Grandpa about Minerva after our first shift.
I tell him and I see a twinkle in his eyes as he asks me how old I was.
He apparently knows exactly what I was getting at and we both laugh as I tell him that Grandpa wasn't as lucky as Theseus.
As I help Joseph get dried off Theseus disappears into the bathroom to get ready and I see he has placed two sets of clothing out on the foot of the bed.
Joseph smiles as he sees that both sets are similar and through our mind-link he says he wants to pull a prank on Theseus.
He grabs one set of clothing and takes me by the hand to guide me to the walk-in closet, he leaves the door ajar as we take a step backwards.
The water shuts off in the bathroom and a moment late we hear Theseus walk into the bedroom, the next moment we hear Linus laughing as we see Theseus stare at the clothes on the bed.
Joseph giggles as he walks out of the closet holding on to Theseus clothes and I grab the opportunity to put on my outfit before I exit the closet as well, Looks like our Little Wolf has inherited your naughty streak, my Alpha.
Theseus says teasingly.
The three of us are still laughing as we enter the dining room and Joseph tells the others what he had done as ---- he sits down, not giving a damn he sits down in the chair reserved for the Alpha.
Theseus and I just stare at him as the rest tries to hold down their laughter, but that fails the moment Joseph says, Now Mom and Dad don't have to fight over who gets the Alpha seat.
Theseus and I sit down in the empty chairs on either side of Joseph as the rest is catching their breath and we both kiss him on the top of his head.
Breakfast is spend talking about Joseph's shift and how amazing Griffin looked next to Minerva with his golden fur.
Eos shows him a picture she took of Griffin as he stands between Minervas front legs and I link her with the request to send it to her Mother, she knows exactly what I want her Mother to do.
It will make a great painting for the main lobby of the Pack-house and it will show everyone that he is our Son in every sense of the word.
It will start a tradition I want for our family, a painting of our Pups with their Mom or Dad and I think it will make a great addition to our new Pack.
We will take traditions from both Packs to fit our new Pack and we will start quite a few new traditions of our own.
Joseph loads food on his plate as he talks to Eos about his training and I am smiling as the pile on his plate gets bigger.
He starts eating as he listens to Eos explaining his training schedule and I see the others stare at her as she tells Joseph how we train our Pups.
Damn, no wonder your Warriors are considered the best around.
Theseus mumbles and we start talking about ---- the difference in training within our Packs, making me realize quickly that they lack in more ways than one.
Not only didnt their leadership get the training they needed their Warriors didnt get it either and I see a grin on Melias face.
###Chapter 88
---- I go through every training with Theseus our Pups go through as Joseph fills up his plate again and I am not sure if Theseus looks dumbfounded at what I am saying or that it is Joseph's huge appetite.
Looks like we have our work cut out for us the moment we get back and I discuss with Theseus how he feels about this.
I am not sure what to say, I always thought we did a great job at training our Warriors.
I think this will cause some to , especially the older Warriors, but I also believe it will benefit our Pack.
My Father has a lot of explaining to do when we get back and I want the entire former leadership present from both Packs.
I want everyone to hear what I found out in the past few days and I want Ademus to explain the financial status my Father left his Pack in, I want to hear everyone's opinion on what to do with my parents.
I think it is time he pays for what he has done in the past and after I took over from him.
Theseus says.
Joseph has crawled onto his lap to calm Linus down and I love seeing them together, he might not be ours by blood but he is ours in every other way.
Joseph and Reiffin oran't the anh; anac that have fiilhy annanted thie ---- I know I keep repeating myself, but Minerva agrees with me Joseph is ours.
I can't wait to see him all grown up with his Mate and Pups of his own, but I will enjoy every moment with him until that time.
I smile as I read Dad's response to Theseus message that Joseph found his way back to our suite.
Theseus already told me everything he just mentioned and I understand why he wants everyone present to hear what he has to say, it wasn't a pretty picture he drew for me.
I told him I was impressed with how he had turned things around and that he and Ademus did a great job in rebuilding their financial status.
I can't wait to hear Damon's explanation for the mess he left for his Son to clean up or how everyone will react when I explain how we run our Pack, because I know there is a lot I haven't told Theseus yet and he is in for a shock.
I have seen the difference between how Theseus and I interact with the rest of our leadership.
It isnt that he doesn't trusts or respects them, he just keeps a lot to himself instead of sharing it with his Beta and Gamma and none of them realize that Deltas are there to make a Gammas job easier.
They will have to learn that that will be the way things are going from now on and I know their Mates will help them every step of the way as I will do for Theseus.
Rhea had already pointed out that we had surprised Midas a few times by the way we work together, especially after he saw that lone designed the Pack- house and the Hospital without any interference from ---- me.
It was something I had noticed with Theseus and his Pack finances, Ademus does nothing without approval from his Alpha.
I suspect that Damon made it look to the outside world that he had a good bond with his Beta and Gamma, but that they would deny it if you asked them and that is why Theseus had a mess to clean up when he took over.
Hell, it wouldn't surprise me if that was the reason why Damon kept everything close to his chest.
Mom, we have to go.
Joseph says and I look forward to kicking another Alphas a***.
I am not sure yet if I will go for another tap out or that I will take him out as fast as I can, making him tap out will humiliate him more than getting knocked unconscious by a female.
I will make that decision the moment the match starts, so it will depend on what Alpha Ajani does.
Joseph has his face buried in my neck as we take the elevator down and I talk with Theseus about the furniture for our main living room, we decided against soft natural colors as everyone will be walking in and out with dirty feet.
We both didnt want to add to the chores of the Omegas and we agreed on some darker colors, but not to dark.
The walls will get a light natural color to be a contrast with the furniture and when Joseph asked what we would put on the walls Theseus suggested a painting in three pieces, on the outside both our Packs with in the middle our new combined Pack.
---- I saw Eos typing on her phone and I know she is going to keep her Mom busy with our ideas, she now has two assignments for our new Pack-house.
A lot of the paintings in our current Pack-house were made by Eos Mom and I know a lot of Pack-members will be happy to get one of those paintings, all of them are showing a part of our Pack grounds.
###Chapter 89
---- Joseph Because of what Alpha Claus did Mom has to get checked by a Doctor to see if she isnt going to cheat and Griffin had growled at the Doctor when he told Mom why he was there.
Mom had smiled at Griffin, Its okay, my Little Wolf.
I think the Elders should make this a part of the Competition, because we don't want this to happen to anyone.
I was lucky they caught him in time.
She said.
Mom is right, no other competitor should be allowed to get away with it and I hope the Elders will put this in their regulations of the Alpha Bloodline Competition.
It was just the idea of someone thinking that Mom would need to cheat that made Griffin angry.
We both were surprised when Mom and Dad didnt get angry for him questioning the Doctor and even though Mom didn't ask anything I think she knew we had expected her to become angry with us.
Dad is pacing the floor up and down as we wait for Mom to get cleared by the Doctor, You will create a track in the floor if you keep this up, Dad.
I say.
He stops to turn to me and I jump into his arms as he opens them for me, I nuzzle his neck as Griffin loves doing this.
It was something I wasn't allowed to do before and I know this is Griffin's way of showing me that I have two loving parents now.
Linus doesn't like being away from our Mate, he wants her near us every moment of every day.
He knows that ---- sometimes we will be apart for a little while, but he just doesn't like it.
Dad explains and I find yet another difference between my parents and Damien and Penelope.
It had taken us maybe a second before we started using their first names to refer to my birth parents, but to be honest they never felt like real parents, at least not like Mom and Dad make me feel.
I get to choose what I want to do or what I want to wear and I even get to decide what I want to do with my future.
Penelope always told me that as the future Alpha of Dark Mountain Pack I had to act and dress a certain way and at first I had done everything I could to please her, but it didnt matter what I did she never loved me the way Mom does.
Damien didnt bother with me at all, he thought that that was the female's job.
My Grandparents never treated any me better, I was a means to an end for them and I know Grandfather hated the fact he had to turn over the Pack to Dad.
The only reason he did it was to see if Dad could bring the Pack back to it's old glory and from what I heard Grandfather tell Damien Dad did just as he had expected.
Thank you for showing up early, Griffin.
I dont know what the future would have been like if you hadn't.
I say to my Wolf, my best friend in the world.
What is going on, my Little Wolf? Dad asks and I see that Mom and Dad are both looking at me.
It takes me a minute before I decide that I need to tell ---- Mom and Dad what I overheard, but I dont want them to get angry at me.
Little Wolf, I want you to remember you can tell us anything.
We can only help you if you tell us what is bothering you.
Mom says as the three of us sit down on a couch outside the Doctor's office.
I was thinking about the difference between the way you treat me and the way Damien and Penelope treated me.
I say and I have to explain to them it didn't take me and Griffin long to call them by their first names.
They may be my biological parents, but they never showed that they cared about me at all.
To them and my Grandparents I was a means to an end, the future Alpha of Dark Mountain Pack.
I overheard a conversation between Grandfather and Damien, that was a few days before the Competition and I have been wondering ever since whether or not to tell you, Dad.
I say before I tell Mom and Dad what I overheard.
Dad is pissed off to say the least and it takes bot me and Mom to calm him down.
Mom reminding him of the conversation he wants to have with Grandfather calms him down the rest of the way and I wish I could be a little fly on the wall during that conversation.
Itis that Dad already banished Damien from the Pack or this would have been the last straw for Dad.
He thanks me for telling him and he makes me promise that I will always tell them if there is something I think he or Mom should know, they dont want me to worry about anything if they can deal with it for me.
---- Mom is able to make Dad chuckle as she says, That is of course until you turn eighteen, than you can deal with it yourself, my Little Wolf.
I shake my head as Mom tells us she got the all clear and that we have to head to the Arena.
Dad lifts me up on his shoulder before he wraps an arm around Mom's waist to guide us towards the Arena.
###Chapter 90
---- Every Wolf that didn't leave after their Alpha or another Pack-member from the Alpha bloodline was kicked out of the Competition has gathered in the Arena, they all want to see who is going to win this match between Mom and Alpha Ajani.
I know Mom will win this years Competition and I am glad Dad decided not to enter, because I truly believe she would have handed him his a***.
Griffin is rolling down the aisles in my head as I try to imagine a match between Mom and Dad and we both agree that Mom would be the victor in that match.
Grandpa takes me down from Dad's shoulders and again I am overwhelmed by how differently things have become for me and Griffin since we got adopted.
We have a family that loves and cares for us, who puts our needs first instead of theirs and none of them make me feel like an outsider.
Aunt Eos keeps telling me how amazing I am and that I will make a great Warrior one day, talking to her about Mom's matches is amazing.
I will start my training a few days after we get back and I can't wait for Aunt Eos to teach me everything she knows, I am going to make all of them proud of me.
I ---- don't know what lies ahead of me, but I know one thing for sure and that is that my family will always be there for me.
Dad is just holding Mom as we are waiting for her opponent to show up and when he finally steps into the Arena about half of the spectators cheer him on, while the other half chants Mom's name.
I join them in chanting Mom's name as she turns to the Arena and Dad steps next to me to watch her match.
Alpha Ajani has the advantage and Mom believes that he will shift to his Wolf, he is going to expect her to be a lot smaller than him.
I cant wait to see the look on his stupid face when he sees Mom for the first time and I bet you that Mom is bigger than him.
Dad told me she is almost as big as Dad and I have seen Dad once, he is huge.
The whistle sounds for the match to start and as Mom suspected he shifts to his Wolf form.
Griffin is rolling around my head as we both know that Mom is actually bigger than he is, Dad chuckles as he sees his Wolf and Mom just crosses her arms in front of her chest as she looks at him.
Do you want to see how you kick a Wolf's a*** in Human form, my Little Wolf? I hear Mom ask and it takes me a second to tell her Hell, Yes.
She doesn't shift as murmurs are heard through the crowd and Alpha Ajani lunges at Mom in his Wolf form, but Mom rolls under him to kick him in the chest.
---- Mom could have taken the easy way out by shifting, but she really wants to show everyone that they have made the mistake to underestimate her and from now on no Werewolf or Lycan will ever doubt her abilities as an Alpha or Warrior again.
Mom is faster and more agile in her Human form than he is in his Wolf form and she keeps delivering hit after hit, blow after blow and his Wolf is getting more agitated by the second.
I can hear more and more Wolves chanting Mom's name, but I decide to stay quiet as I don't want to distract her.
Dad has a huge grin on his face as he is following Mom with his eyes and I can even see Dad with him, both of them are enjoying the match.
I whisper Ouch as Mom slams the heel of her boot into his groin and from the corner of my eye I see Dad covering his groin with his hands.
With the speed of his Wolf he has trouble stopping to turn towards Mom after every attack and everyone can tell that he is getting fatigued.
Mom looks as if she just woke up from a goodnight sleep and I am glad I will get the same training Mom got as a Pup.
Mom keeps moving around the Arena in a fast pace and everyone can see that she is wearing him out, she doesn't give him time to catch his breath.
She keeps connecting with his Wolf's body and I see him stagger as she slams her heel against his hindleg.
She quickly returns around to connect with his hindleg ---- again and this time he tumbles to the ground, she jumps to the side of his head.
Her arms wrap around his neck as she bents through one knee, while she stretches her left leg to the side and grabs her right wrist with her left hand.
His Wolf tries to get up, but Mom has a tight grip on his neck and slowly but steadily he stops struggling.
The moment he is unconscious Mom lets go of his neck and steps away from his body, for the referee to count him out.
The majority of the crowd erupts in cheers when Mom announced the winner by knock out.
Damn, Dad.
We better make sure we never piss her off.
I say to Dad.
###Chapter 91
---- Amarah I look at the Wolf that is laying unconscious on the ground, I keep a straight face as Minerva is doing a happy dance in my head and the moment I get announced as the winner I turn towards my Mate and my Son.
I wrap my arms around both of them as I slowly let my victory sink in, I Know not everyone was expecting me to win.
Joseph is nuzzling my neck as Theseus keeps placing feather light kisses on my face, my family and friends are cheering and I smile as I enjoy this moment.
I did what I came here to do and I couldn't have asked for a better outcome for this Competition.
The Elders don't waste time in holding the end ceremony and just moments before the ceremony starts Alpha Ajani regains consciousness, he gets to witness that I will be announced as the winner of this Competition.
Alpha Ajani and his Wolf are pissed off about the fact that they lost to a female and a small part of me wants to do what Minerva is doing in my head, she keeps chanting Nah nah nah nah nah.
I thank Elder Ezra as he hands me a piece of parchment and I already know where it will go, next to the parchment Dad received years ago.
Both of them will be hanging behind my desk as a reminder to every Alpha that will be sitting across from me that I am very capable of taking them down.
As Elder Ezra thanks every competitor for entering the ---- Competition he also reminds everyone that this is the first year a female entered and that this is also the first year a female has won, I see the glint in his eyes that tells me he is mentioning this on purpose.
The Council and the Elders had been surprised when Dad announced he would turn the Pack over to me, but none of them ever gave me crap about it as it was my birth right to take over and it hadn't taken long before they realized I was as good and fair as my Father had been.
I had always been interested in how Dad ran our Pack and during my training to take over he had been surprised to find that I already knew much of how our Pack was run, I would even ask Grandpa questions whenever I had the chance to.
He and Grandma started to travel after Dad had found Mom and they returned for a few years after Alastor and I were born.
Grandma had called me just before we left for the Competition and she promised they would visit the day after we get home.
Grandpa would send me a message after every match, telling me how proud he is of me and I wouldn't be surprised if he called this time.
Theseus and Joseph are waiting for me next to the stage and they both wrap their arms around me the moment I get of the last step.
I look towards Dad as I get kissed on both cheeks and I giggle the moment Joseph starts blowing raspberries, Theseus decides to join him as I try to get away from Joseph.
---- I know I can break free if I want to, but seeing the huge smile on Joseph's face causes me to act as if I am trying to break free and his giggles make Theseus blow raspberries in my neck.
Okay, young Alpha.
That is enough, let me hug my Granddaughter and my great Grandson.
I hear my Grandmother say.
Nanna, when did you get here? I ask as I pull away from Theseus to hug her and Jospeh giggles as Nanna kisses his cheek.
You actually think your Grandfather would watch the final match on a screen if he can see his Granddaughter kick the crap out of an Alpha in real time.
She exclaims.
I lift my eyes to meet Pappi's eyes and I can tell that he is proud of my accomplishment.
Nanna takes Joseph from me as she steps towards Theseus and she says, You better call me Nanna and don't expect me to call you Alpha, Pup.
Pappi wraps his arms around me as he tells me he is proud of me, Pappi had trained me every time he and Nanna had been home and he was the one that had trained me to fight a Wolf in my Human form.
Pappi, I am glad you got to see this match in real time.
Can I ask you to train Joseph when he is old enough? I ask.
Pappi looks from me to Joseph and I see his eyes widen as Griffin pushes forward, That is very unusual, Little Wolf.
Pappi says and Joseph says, Mom calls me Little Wolf too.
Pappi says he would like to meet his Mom and Joseph looks from Pappi to me.
---- I tell Pappi what happened in regard to Joseph, knowing Nanna probably kept him in the dark to annoy him and I wonder what he did or said for Nanna not to tell him anything.
Pappi smiles as he looks from me to Theseus, Good decision.
The two of you will create a strong Pack together, I think I might like to stay home for the rest of my life, just to see your Pups get born and to see them grow up.
###Chapter 92
---- Pappi and Nanna take Joseph up to see my parents and Theseus and I are heading to our own suite to pack up, Theseus told me last night he wanted to head home as soon as possible.
He wanted us to mark the north and south border of the clearing as soon as we could, because he wanted Asteria to get her freedom back.
Elder Ezra had confirmed that Khonsu was still looking for her after all these years, but hadn't left Pack territory for over three years.
Theseus and I know that the moment someone informs him she is still alive he will come for her, but he will find a huge Pack that is willing to protect her with their lives and I have no problem in taking him down.
Itis a noisy chaos in the suite as we are busy packing our stuff and I giggle as Theseus looks annoyed at his Beta, who is currently running around the suite holding his Mates phone out of her reach.
Get used to it, my Love.
I say.
It will only get worse the more at ease they get with one and other.
He grumbles something under his breath, but I pay no attention to it as I start packing Joseph's clothing.
---- Ajax, hand that phone back to your Mate.
How old are you, four? Theseus asks and I giggle as I see Ajax looking at Theseus with a pout on his face.
I think Theseus will be in for a surprise once we get back home, he doesn't seem to realize that this is the way we always act and I have this feeling that Ajax picked up on it.
He is just showing us that he is relaxed enough around us to act the way he wants, not the way some think a Beta should act and I decide that during our drive back home I will explain a few things about how I interact with my leadership.
However, there will be a few things I will leave for our conversation with Damon and the others.
Theseus is still looking annoyed as everyone is running around the suite checking every room to make sure we packed everything and I grab the pillow of the bed to slam it against his head, Did you just hit me with a pillow, my Alpha? I hear Linus growl and I run from the room holding on to the pillow, Ajax looks at me with a twinkle in his eyes.
I jump behind him as I hear Linus running out of the room, Ajax wasn't prepared for Linus swinging a pillow in his direction and he gets hit dead center in the middle of his face.
I see a pillow flying through the air from the corner of my eye, hitting Linus against the back of his head and he turns to look at who did it but there is no one there.
I only know one person that is capable of throwing a ---- pillow that accurately and I giggle as I realize that my Gamma is hiding behind the curtain.
Ajax has pulled out of his state of shock and with a pillow from the couch he stalks towards Linus.
The others rush into the hallway to see what is going on and that results in a full blown pillow fight.
Theseus gets help from his Deltas, but their Mates know better than to fight against me and it becomes an uneven battle as my leadership and his Beta side with me.
The only one that just enjoys the show from the sideline is Apollo, but that changes the moment his Mate tosses a pillow in his face.
Like Theseus he didn't see who threw the pillow, but he decides to stick to his Alphas side in this battle and he tries to figure out which of us hit him.
Linus finally realizes where my Gamma is hiding, but I warn her in time for her to get away and I am laughing my a*** off as he looks surprised at not finding her behind the curtain.
I start laughing even harder when I see the surprised look on his face as another pillow hits his head and this time it was his own Beta that threw the pillow.
You think this is funny, my Alpha.
Linus growls as he stalks towards me and I shake my head as I try to keep myself from laughing, but I cant seem to stop myself.
Minerva is not helping either and I squeal the moment Linus wraps his arms around me, You are going to pay for this, my Alpha.
Linus whispers in my ear as he presses my body against his and my eyes widen as I feel his rock-hard c*** pressing against me.
---- I keep looking into Linus eyes as I see Ajax approaching and I duck the moment the pillow connects with his head, little feathers flying around us.
###Chapter 93
---- Theseus Ever since we met our Mates I had seen a chance in my men and it was a chance for the better.
They seemed more relaxed around each other and I had noticed that Amarah treats her leadership very different from what I was taught, but I get this feeling that my training has failed me in more ways than one.
Linus and I had watched her match in aww as she didnt shift into her Wolf form and I wondered who had taught her to fight like that.
It also reassured me and Linus that she would be able to take care of herself if she would get attacked while being with Pup and Linus had just stared at her as she had choked Alpha Ajani unconscious.
Seeing her interact with her Grandparents had made me feel a bit jealous, but that had changed the moment her Grandmother told me to call her Nanna and I knew I would cherish every moment we would spend with Nanna and Pappi.
It had caught me by surprise when she had asked Pappi to train Joseph the way he had trained her.
As we are packing Ajax is acting like an idiot and even though I know it means that he is comfortable around Amarah and her leadership it annoys the hell out of me.
I am not sure as to why but it just does, I turn around to check our room one last time when I am hit against the head with a pillow and Linus pushes forward as we realize our Mate is responsible for it.
---- She runs from the room with the pillow still in her hands and Linus grabs another pillow from the bed to pay her back in full, but he hadn't counted on her jumping behind Ajax.
I am in stitches as I look at the dumbfounded look on his face, but I am stunned to silence the moment another pillow hits us in the head.
Linus is enjoying the pillow fight, even though it is a bit unfair as I only have two males in my team and Amarah is joined by her Deltas, her Beta and my Beta.
Apollo is smart enough to stay out of it, but gets pulled into the fight when a pillow hits him out of nowhere and I take the time to look at where it came from.
Linus stalks towards the curtain I know Melia is hiding behind, but the moment he pulls it aside she is gone and we hear our Mate laughing her a*** off.
We both enjoy this moment to the fullest and Linus can't resist pressing his c*** against her body, our eyes locked as he presses her against him.
We are so focused on our Mate that we sense Ajax too late and I stare into the laughing face of my Mate as little feathers slowly glide through the air to the floor.
The others turn silent as my Mate keeps laughing and I try to remember the last time I had a moment like this with my best friends, but I fail to recall one.
Linus huffs the moment a feather lands on my nose and everyone starts laughing at our expense.
Amarah blows the feather of my nose before she kisses me and I grab her a*** to lift her up into my arms, she wraps her arms and legs around me as I walk towards the couch.
---- I told her once before that I dont care who sees what we do as I sit down with her straddling my lap, not that I plan on doing this in the main living room of the Pack- house.
I press my c*** against her core as I gently bite her bottom lip to get access and I g*** the moment our tongues meet inside her mouth.
Our surroundings disappear as I grind against her once more and I feel her m*** into my mouth, making my c*** twitch against her core.
I lean back on the couch pulling her with me and we slowly start to grind against one and other, still kissing one and other.
Melia Apollo had told me during one of our midnight talks that he enjoyed watching us interact with one and other, that he had missed that with Theseus ever since they had started their training and the more he told me the more I realized that Damon had kept a lot to himself when it concerned Pack business.
I saw Amarah running from their bedroom holding onto a pillow and I knew what time it was, I informed the others trough the mind-link as I hid behind the curtain with a few pillows.
The moment Linus hit Ajax in the face I knew I would make him my target and I waited for Linus to be focused on Ajax before I took aim, hitting him against the back of his head.
Nice one, Melia.
I heard Amarah say and it took some effort for me not to giggle.
It didnt take long before almost everyone was involved with the pillow fight, ---- except for my Mate that is and I decided to make him my next target.
He didn't see it coming and he didn't figure out where the pillow came from, but Theseus did find out.
I barely managed to get away before Linus pulled the curtain away and I was in stitches the moment the pillow tore open as Ajax hit it against Linus head.
Apollo pulled me in his arms and I saw a huge smile on his face, one I hope I get to see more often in the future.
###Chapter 94
---- It surprises me a little as Linus pulls Amarah on his lap before he releases control back to Theseus, I think Apollo is more shocked than I am to see what Theseus.
is doing with his Mate and I pull him closer as I place my hand on his chest.
lam aware of what is going on between our Alphas on the couch, but I don't care as I feel Apollo's lips on mine and slowly I let my need for my Mate take over common sense.
He lifts me up to back me against the wall and I feel his rock-hard c*** pressing against my core, making me m*** into his mouth.
I decided to wear a dress after we got back upstairs and right now I am grateful for my decision as I feel his hand slide under my dress.
His other hand is fumbling with his jeans and I lift myself up a little higher to give him more space to free his c***.
He pulls my panties aside with one hand while the other guides his c*** to my entrance and I m*** loudly the moment he slides his c*** into my p***.
I push down ---- as he slides back inside me and I feel my body stretch around his huge c***, taking his full length.
One hand holds my hip in a firm grip as he pushes in and out of my core, harder and faster with every thrust and I push back harder and faster every time he slides back into my p***.
His other hand starts to glide towards my a*** and I know what is coming next, my body is tingling all over in anticipation.
He slips his finger into my p*** to coat it with my juices before he slides it out to press his finger hard against my backdoor, I m*** as he pushes his finger inside me.
He doesn't slow down with his ministrations and I come undone the moment he slides a second finger into my backdoor, but he doesn't stop working my body.
I rest my head against the wall as I slowly come down from my o***, but I can already feel another building inside of me and I know he is nowhere near finished with me.
He slides me down the wall as he gets down on his knees and this new angle makes me m*** as he slowly picks up the pace again.
Apollo is sucking and licking my mark and the heat inside me builds up quickly again, before he slows down his ministrations.
I know exactly what he is doing and he knows I enjoy the way he can work my body, the way he can make me come undone.
Our first night together he asked me if I wanted Pups and when I told him I wanted to have Pups with him he ---- told me we wouldn't use any protection, because he wanted me to get pregnant as soon as possible.
We both had hoped for years to find our Mate and now that we have one and other we don't want to wait with starting a family.
Ready for me, Baby.
He whispers in my ear and all I can do is m***.
He picks up the pace again and slowly but steadily he slides faster and harder into my core, pulling me down every time he pushes his c*** deep into my p***.
I hold on to his shoulders as I feel my body shaking and I am close to falling over the edge, but Apollo knows how to work my body.
I whimper as he slows down once again, but he doesn't speed up as he holds on the my hips and I cant push myself down with the hold he has on my hips.
He looks into my eyes as he finally gives into my need for him and he pulls me back down on his c***.
My o*** builds up again as he keeps sliding in and out of me, I pull him closer to me to lock our lips together and I m*** as I feel his tongue sliding into my mouth.
His c*** and fingers inside my body make me a mumbling mess, not one thought left in my head that makes sense.
Please, Apollo.
I beg and he starts pounding into my holes even harder.
I feel that my legs start to tremble and we both know what that means, I am close to falling into the abyss.
An abyss I love falling into over and over again with him, an abyss only he can push me into.
---- His c*** starts to twitch inside me and I come undone as he stills deep inside me to shoot his c*** deep inside me.
He slows down his fingers pushing in and out of my a*** to keep my o*** going and it takes a long time before we both come down from our high, I love you, Apollo.
I whisper as I place my head against his chest.
I love you too, Baby.
Apollo whispers as I slowly drift off to sleep in his arms, feeling complete.
###Chapter 95
---- Amarah I slowly wake up in the arms of my Mate and I decide to just enjoy this for a little while, I feel that we are moving and slowly the memories come back to me.
The feathers flying around us, Linus pressing his c*** against my body and the smell of a*** in the air.
It wasn't just the two of us that forgot our surroundings, but it doesnt make me feel as embarrassed as I once thought it would.
I remember the first time I had heard about it from Pappi and the first thought that had run through my head was, No way in hell.
Dad had asked Pappi to explain the old ways to me, he didn't feel comfortable to discuss this with me and Pappi and Nanna had taken the time to explain things to me as they had done with Dad before he started his training as Alpha with Pappi.
Pappi told me that every leadership in our Pack was raised the same way as it happened in the old days, the days before we started to interact with Humans more and more.
We were living more in hiding, relying on one and other more and more open towards one and other.
Werewolves and Lycans were living closer together, buildings had an open layout instead of closed of rooms and everyone was more aware of what happened around them.
The leadership of a Pack lived together, sharing one space to sleep in and that meant they would here the other having sex.
---- I had ran from the room after that piece of information and I had avoided Nanna and Pappi for the rest of the day.
Rhea was the one that pulled the information from me and we had discussed this among one and other.
We never realized that it wasn't normal that we heard what our parents did, but it was the way we were raised.
The next day I had gone back to Nanna and Pappi to find out more about the old ways and I knew Pappi was right when he said it had been easier to notice a difference by living so close together.
I had shared a room with my leadership growing up and I knew how each of them slept, waking me or one of them if something was different.
It had happened quite a few times over the years, especially after Damien rejected me that one of them had woken me up before the nightmare could start and I am still grateful for the way we were raised.
I am not sure if Theseus was raised the same way, but I doubt it with everything I have heard and witnessed in the past few days.
However, I am glad it didnt stop him from doing what we did and I know that the same goes for my friends.
I snuggle closer to Theseus as I let the car ride and his scent lull me back to sleep, safely in the arms of my Mate with our Son talking to Nanna.
Mom, wake up.
I hear Joseph's small voice whisper near my ear and I tell him I dont want to, making him giggle as I pull him in my arms.
I know we are close to home and that means that I will have to get back into ---- Alpha mode as Eos calls it.
I can feel the connection to my Pack again and they will know that I am getting home soon.
Alpha, we are at the clearing.
I hear Nestor say and I know he means his team and Simon's team from Dark Mountain Pack, Theseus and I decided to send Nestor home immediately after the match to gather his team.
He also informed the others in which team they would be, but he wasn't allowed to tell them why.
Even though I think most of them already have an idea as to why, Theseus had some more explaining to do to Simon, Josh and Neill, but they had followed orders without asking to many questions.
We know what Damon had been telling Pack-members about me and Theseus, but we didn't ask them about the rumors and they didn't tell us anything.
Damon will be dealt with at the end of the day and he is going to regret what he said about me.
With the information from Ademus and Joseph Theseus decided it was time for his parents to find themselves another Pack to live in and I agree with him whole heartedly.
Damon has caused more than enough problems with his actions as Alpha of Dark Mountain Pack and he will not make any more trouble for our Pack in the future.
Okay, my Alpha.
You really need to open those pretty eyes of yours, we are almost there and Simon already told me that they are at the clearing.
Theseus says and I ---- growl as he tries to make me sit up straight.
I quickly sit up straight after I hear him making me a promise through our mind-link, / knew that that would motivate you, my Alpha.
He says teasingly.
###Chapter 96
---- Nanna has a smirk on her face as if she knows what Theseus said to me and I think my cheeks just turned a bright red color.
Joseph is looking out the window as Nanna points out where the gate to White Crescent Pack is and his eyes widen when four Guards step onto the road.
Two in Human form and two in Wolf form are blocking the gate as they are taught to do and when I link them that it is just us they step aside to let us pass.
Dad, why don't we have Guards like that at the gate? Joseph asks and I see Pappi and Nanna turning their heads towards him.
My Little Wolf, I think that has something to do with how your Grandfather ran Dark Mountain Pack and not with your Dad.
I say and he crunches his nose at the mention of his Grandfather.
I know that it was Damon that made sure that his Pack and Son were never trained properly, I just wonder if he hoped that Theseus would give up or that he had hoped that someone would have taken Theseus down in a war of Damons making.
I hope it is the first, but I fear it will be the latter and if that is the case Damon better make sure we never cross paths again.
Calm down, Little One.
I hear Linus say in my head and I melt into their arms.
Linus always calls me Little One ---- when he is talking to me, he only occasionally uses Theseus nickname for me and I love that they both have a different name to call me.
Just thinking why Damon wouldn't train you and his Pack in the proper way and if it is why I think he did it, you better start digging his grave.
I explain and when I tell Linus what my train of thought had been I hear him roar in my head.
Little One, if you are correct then there will be nothing left to bury.
Linus growls and I crawl onto his lap to calm him down.
I am straddling his lap as I lock our lips together and I don't even notice it when we pull to a stop in front of the Pack-house or that there is a huge crowd of Pack-members gathered in front of it.
Mom, Dad.
You have an audience.
Joseph says giggling and I reluctantly break our kiss.
I place my forehead against his and tell him that I love him, before I turn my attention to the crowd outside the Pack-house.
I see a few shocked faces as their Daughters exit the SUVs followed by their Mates, but they quickly start smiling when they realize we all found our Mates.
The crowd starts cheering as I get out of the SUV and I know it has two reasons, both of them very important reasons to me.
I know you are all very curious, but there is something very important Theseus and I need to do before we will address all of you.
Before this day is over a very good friend to all of us will be able to walk around freely for the first time in five ---- years.
I say and the crowd erupts in cheers once more.
Joseph has been standing beside me the entire time and some Pack-members are looking very confused at our interlaced hands.
I just smile as Theseus and I start walking towards the clearing, Melia and Apollo will deal with the Warriors while Theseus and I will shift into Linus and Minerva to mark the border to the north and south of the clearing.
Griffin had asked if he could join us and we had said Yes in unison.
A lot of Pack-members follow us on our way to the clearing, all of them ready to welcome Asteria and Inti to their freedom.
Pappi stays close to Joseph as the three of us s*** down and he talks Joseph and Griffin through their second shift, making sure everything is fine with them.
I hear everyone gasp as Joseph shifts into Griffin and instead of hiding he strides back and forth in front of everyone.
Looking at Griffin I forget that my Mate is here as well, but he makes it known he wants some attention too as I feel his snout between my legs, Linus, behave yourself.
I shout as I turn around to see a huge black Wolf standing behind me and I giggle as Griffin tries to push him away from me.
I cuddle with Griffin before I turn my attention to Linus, Do you want to sleep in your own bed, Big Boy? I ask him through our mind-link and like a little Pup he whimpers as he crawls closer to me.
Griffin takes advantage of the position his Dad is in and jumps on his ---- back as he barks.
Fear shoots through Linus eyes when he feels Griffin on his back, Relax, Big Boy.
Our Son can handle himself, just don't get up to fast.
I say and Linus slowly gets up of the ground.
Griffin howls happily as Linus starts walking and I see Pappi snap a few pictures with his phone.
After I release control to Minerva Linus lowers far enough for Griffin to jump of his back and the three of us make our way over to the northern border of the clearing to mark it as our territory, even Griffin helps us mark the border.
Once we are done with both borders we slowly make our way over to the cluster of tress and boulders and I see a smiling Asteria stepping out in the open.
It takes a little longer for Inti to show his face, but Griffin slowly walks over to him and nudges him with his snout to get out into the clearing.
Inti takes a liking to Griffin fast and both of them are chasing after one and other as Theseus tells Asteria she no longer has to stay in hiding.
###Chapter 97
---- Amarah I suddenly see the expression on her face change to one of shock and at the same time I hear a voice roar, Mine.
Theseus turns towards the sound and steps in front of Asteria to stop the male that is running towards us, Doc, take it easy.
I need to explain something first and after that you can talk to your Mate.
He says as he walks towards the male.
Pappi keeps an eye on Inti and Griffin as I talk quietly with Asteria, it only takes her a few minutes to decide she wants to give Doc a chance and Pappi offers to look after Inti while Asteria and Doc get to know one and other.
Doc waits for Asteria to come to him instead of rushing towards her and I see a small smile on her face.
Asteria, this Pack will protect you and Inti.
We will talk about Intis future in a few days.
Theseus says to her and she tells him she would appreciate that, before she takes hold of Doc's hand.
I watch them as they walk towards Doc's home near the old Pack-house.
Pappi is holding a pair of sweats for Joseph and Inti talks to him as Griffin releases control back to him.
Joseph greets Inti as if he is an old friend and they talk as they follow Pappi back to the Pack-house.
Theseus and I follow close behind them as I lean a little closer into his side and everyone that doesn't have to stay in the clearing follows us.
Theseus had asked me to address White Crescent Pack first as he wanted to take Nestors team with us to Dark ---- Mountain Pack, it was just a precaution.
He wanted to make sure everyone would know that he would do anything for me and he was hoping it would keep Damon from being a pain in the a***.
We both know that both our Pack-members saw Linus outburst at the Competition, but we doubt Dark Mountain Pack realizes that I will not become their Luna.
We will deal with them in a few hours, but first Theseus wants to get to know my Pack-members.
Once I have confirmed that all my Pack-members are present, those that are capable of being here that is, I raise my hand to silence the crowd and I see a strange look on Theseus face when they quiet down in mere seconds.
I look around the crowd and I see a lot of smiling faces.
Thank you for being patient.
Some of you have already noticed that Asteria is not here, she found her second chance Mate in the Doctor of Dark Mountain Pack.
I stop talking as the crowd cheers and I see Inti looking surprised at the scene in front of him.
Joseph steps a little closer to his friend to place a hand on his shoulder, Inti will be staying with my Grandparents and I know you will all make him feel welcome.
We have been informed that the threat isnt gone and I am asking each of you to keep an eye on Inti.
A loud Yes Alpha is heard throughout the crowd.
lam well aware of the fact that you all know who the male next to me is and what he is to me and Minerva.
---- Theseus was raised and trained in a very different way than I was and I ask you to help him wherever he needs it, the same goes for his leadership.
Which by the way, are all mated to my own leadership.
Cheers, howls and whistles are heard throughout the crowd.
We are going to build a new Pack-house in the clearing as it is now part of our Pack, talk to lone on what you can do to help and I am sure she can find a task for each of you.
I hold my hand out to Joseph which he takes with a big smile on his face, This might come as a shock to all of you, but you also know the kind of person I am and know that this is the best for everyone involved.
Joseph is the Son of Damien and his chosen Mate Penelope.
I let that piece of information settle in.
Joseph is a smart young Wolf that has learned to fast that not everything is what it seems, Joseph hates it when you are not honest with him and I ask you to tell him the truth for as far as you can tell him the truth.
If you cant tell him the truth, than please explain to him why you can't.
When Joseph found out what his Father had done to me it caused his Wolf to come out and most of you have already seen Griffin in the clearing.
The Council has decided that his birth parents are not fit to raise him and Theseus and I have adopted him.
I cant say anything else as the crowd becomes so loud in their cheers that it is deafening.
---- Once the crowd has calmed down I explain a few more things about Joseph and what happened at the Competition that wasnt broadcasted.
I hear them laugh and cheer as I mention a few of the things that occurred and I see many of them looking at Joseph from time to time.
###Chapter 98
---- Theseus takes a step forward and the crowd quiets down again, Thank you for making us all feel welcome, I never knew what happened and if I had I would have kicked his a*** myself.
Even though this was much more humiliating for him than anything I could have put him through.
He says and everyone laughs.
We also found out that with both of us being Alphas the Luna position is still in the hands of our Mothers, I have no problem with Anthea still holding that position but I wouldn't want to hand you over to my Mother.
Amarah and I talked about what to do with this predicament, Elder Ezra told us we could ask someone to take the position.
We know who we think is very suited for the position and we hope that she is willing to at least think about accepting our offer.
The crowd is deadly quiet and eagerly waiting for Theseus to continue with his speech.
I look at the crowd to see if anyone might have an idea who he is talking about and the moment I lock eyes with Alastor I see him beaming with pride.
During the Competition she showed us that she thinks of others and isn't afraid to take action when it is needed.
Will you consider taking the Luna position for ---- our Pack, Delia? He asks and everyone can see pure shock on her face at his question.
She looks at Alastor for a moment and I know she is talking to him about this offer.
Everyone keeps quiet as they are talking through the mind-link and as she turns to us Mom steps next to her, whispering something in her ear.
She looks at Mom in surprise and I have a feeling that I know what she said to Delia.
Alpha Theseus and Alpha Amarah, it will be my honor to take the Luna position.
I know I will have the best tutor I could ask for and I know Alastor will be beside me during all of this.
She says and the crowd once again erupts in cheers and howls.
Then I have one more thing I would like to address.
With combining our Packs we need a new name and we want all of you to help us pick a name.
Write down your suggestions and hand them to one of the leadership, we will place a board in the dining room.
Give your opinion about a name if you think it isnt suited for our Pack and we will take it all into consideration.
We are hoping to find a new name for our Pack soon, but with combining two large Packs it will take time.
We will take all the time we need, even if the Council starts breathing down our necks.
He says.
After that we walk through the crowd and we talk to as many Pack-members as we can.
Joseph and Inti have left with Pappi and Nanna and many of my Pack compliment me with the decision we made regarding ---- Joseph.
Theseus was a bit stiff as we walked around, but the more Pack-members approach him the better it goes.
Alpha Amarah, where is Gamma Melia? One of my Pack-members ask and everyone stops talking as they want to hear my answer, but Theseus answers the question for me, I found out that there is a lot wrong with how my Father trained us and we decided to divide our Warriors in three teams.
Each team from Dark Mountain Pack gets paired with a team from White Crescent Pack and together they will work on training each other to get better, I also know that my Father kept a lot of things hidden from me and my leadership.
With the help of Amarah and her leadership we will get better and become the leadership our Pack needs and deserves.
I hope you will be patient with me as I know I have to learn a lot and I hope I am not to set in my ways.
I squeeze his hand to let him know he handled it perfectly.
Alpha Theseus, thank you for being honest.
I know we all appreciate it and we will help in any way we can to make it easier for you.
You have already shown us that you are a good Alpha and you will become a great Alpha with Alpha Amarah by your side.
The two of you will be great parents to Joseph and any Pup you have in the future.
You will learn from the past to do better in the future and you will learn that you are ---- never to old to learn to change your ways.
lones Father says and I know that he is right.
As long as we keep talking about everything we will be able to learn from one and other.
###Chapter 99
---- Theseus I have learned more about how to run a Pack in the past few hours than I have in my entire life and I know I will keep learning every single day for the rest of my life.
No one is afraid to approach me and I know it has to do with how Amarah, Atlas and Pappi took care of this Pack during their reign.
My Pack-members are going to be in for a shock, they will have to change a lot of their habits and I think I have to make sure that those that can't or won't change know they need to find another Pack to live in.
Even my men look stunned from time to time, but it looks like they enjoy talking to the Pack-members.
I keep my eyes on Amarah as she walks around, answering any question she is asked and even Joseph walks around as if he has always lived here.
Pappi and Nanna returned about fifteen minutes ago for him to meet the Pack-members he would be living with from now on.
I am grateful for Pappi keeping an eye on him and it makes me relax more as I talk to Pack-members, they don't just ask questions they also offer their help.
I smile as a little female asks me what color my Wolf is and her eyes widen when I tell her that Linus is an all-black Wolf, she responds by telling me she likes his name.
Her Mother is shaking her head with a smile on her face and I get a huge smile from the little female when I thank her on behave of Linus.
How are you feeling, ---- Son?" I hear Anthea ask and I turn to her with a smile on my face, I realize that my Father took a lot of knowledge away from me and my leadership.
lam grateful I will have Amarah by my side and I hope I can talk to Atlas and Pappi if I ever have questions.
I answer her and she tells me they will all help me become an even better Alpha, she knows I already made a lot of difference after I took over from my Father.
Once we are satisfied everyone was able to ask their initial questions Amarah and I say goodbye to our Pack- members, after we make sure Joseph and Inti are fine we head for the clearing.
Nestor and Simon are talking with a few of the Warriors and I hear the same thing over and over again as I make my way over to our Gammas.
I never thought of it that way.
This sounds so much better.
Why were we never trained like that? and I know they will do whatever it takes to get to the same level as their new Pack-members.
Amarah and I tell them they will hear everything we have to say with the rest of Dark Mountain Pack.
As we walk away from the clearing Myles and Josh enter the clearing with their teams to go over everything with our Gammas and I know they will have the same questions.
I call everyone to the Pack-house through the mind-link and quickly shut it down, not willing to answer any questions.
It is clear that the older Pack-members have been ---- listening to my parents and agree with them on some level, but most of our Pack-members are smiling and cheering as we approach the Pack-house.
My Father is looking behind me and I know exactly who he is looking for, but I will not let him anywhere near Joseph right now.
Nestor and Simon give instructions to their team through their mind-link and I see that every team is a combination of Warriors from both Packs.
Just like a few hours ago we explain everything that happened at the Competition, but there is one thing they are not aware of and that is how Damien rejected his fated Mate.
Once we are done I look at Eos and give her a nod of my head, every phone belonging to one of the members of Dark Mountain Pack starts buzzing and one after the other grabs it to see what is going on.
Heads snap towards my parents and I can tell you none of them are happy faces.
I turn to look at my parents, but I didnt expect to see utter horror on their faces and I realize that Damien had never told them the truth.
I doubt it will change their behavior towards Amarah, but at least now I know they were not behind this.
Just to inform you all, starting tomorrow you can have your meals at the old Pack-house of White Crescent as we will be remodeling this Pack-house into a Hospital.
Your Alphas, Betas, Gammas and Deltas will be staying there until the new Pack-house is finished.
---- We understand that it will not always be convenient to head to the new Pack-house, so we came up with an idea for that.
Unmated and mated Warriors and any Omega that wants to can keep living on the second and third floor, the first floor will become part of the Hospital for Wolves that need more time to heal.
###Chapter 100
---- The ground floor will get smaller offices for the Doctors to examine any injury and it will remain a gathering place and a place to get your meals during the day.
I say and I see a few Omegas looking relieved.
Amarah steps next to me as Jeanet steps forward.
Alpha Theseus, first I want to say congratulations on finding your fated Mate.
Second I want to thank you for what you did before you left for the Competition, it has made a huge difference for us.
Simon and I would like to stay here and I know of a few other Omegas that would like to stay as well.
We will also make sure patients get the correct meal, if the Doctors give us the right instructions.
She says and Amarah looks at me confused, will explain later, just know it has to do with my Father.
I say and she quickly tells me she doesn't need to know.
Amarah, I think we may need to call the Council.
I tell her and she asks me why, How were Doc and Asteria able to tell they are Mates? The days of the Full Moon are over.
I explain and she actually starts laughing out loud, Sorry, Theseus.
It is rare to find your Mate outside the days of the Full Moon, but it can happen if both of them had a fated Mate before and so far only if they lost their fated ---- Mate through death.
She says.
Everyone stares at her and she tells them she loves reading about Werewolf and Lycan history, I always loved reading, but when I found out a Lycan family was living in our Pack I got more curious about the difference between Werewolves and Lycans.
I read every book there is in my office and Pappi has bought me numerous books over the years, all of them about Werewolves and Lycans.
If any of you would ever like to read some you are more than welcome to borrow them or read them in the living room of the new Pack- house.
She says.
From the corner of my eye I see my Father typing on his phone and I think he is sending Damien a message, but when II see an evil smirk on his face I know he just caused trouble.
! think my Father might have warned Khonsu that Asteria is here.
I say to Amarah through our mind-link.
Nestor, put two teams on Guard duty with Doc and Asteria and one team with Inti.
She says before she addresses the crowd, most of them have heard about what happened to her Mate and they all agreed with me something was off.
Asteria looks at us with a worried look and I tell her not to worry, that we will protect her and Inti Eos, is there something you can do about my Father's phone and can you do it in a way that he isnt aware of it, I want him to think every other message gets through.
I ---- ask her and I see her stepping behind Xanthos as she starts typing on her phone.
Within a few minutes she links me with the news that it is done, Asteria, I think it is best if you and Doc stay in White Crescent territory for the time being.
Someone has informed Khonsu that you are here and this will be the first place he will come to.
I explain and I hear Doc roar as her face pales, but Nestor is quick in reassuring her she is safe.
He guides Doc and Asteria towards his cottage to pack a few things before they head to White Crescent territory and I see my Father on his phone again, but this time he will be in for a surprise.
Amarah and I walk around the crowd to answer any question someone might have.
Our older Pack-members refer to her as Luna and instead of correcting them she just walks away after telling Eos to get their names.
I have no idea what she is up to, but I cant wait to find out what my Mate has planned for them and it is safe to say it won't be a nice thing she has in store for them.
The moment she walks away from one of them I get asked the question what that is about, but all I can do is shrug my shoulders and tell them I have no idea why she does what she does.
Strike one.
I hear Xanthos say in my head as he follows Amarah around the crowd.
Most of our Pack-members show her the respect she deserves and I am proud of how accepting they are of my Mate.
Alpha Theseus, your Luna is a very ---- disrespectful female.
I dont understand why you chose her as your Mate.
One of my Father's most trusted Warriors says.
###Chapter 101
---- Theseus Before Linus or I can react his Son has a hold of his throat, Father, you saw the same thing all of us saw and you know that means she is his fated Mate.
I will never understand why you are willing to believe Damon and Gaia, Alpha Amarah is our Alpha as much as Alpha Theseus and I suggest you get to terms with it.
He growls at his Father.
He drops his Father to the ground before he turns towards Amarah and apologizes for his Father's behavior.
Don't you dare apologize for something he did, you are not at fault.
However, I do appreciate your words and I thank you for them.
She says.
He nods his head at her and takes a few steps back to give her some space, but like Xanthos he follows her around the crowd.
The message seems to be clear to most as she gets a little bit more respect, but there are still those that refer to her as Luna.
Ayoung male steps in front of her and asks her if she is an Alpha or a Luna, Sweetheart, I am an Alpha.
I have been an Alpha for the past five years and even though I am mated to an Alpha I am not a Luna.
A rank can go up with the rank of your Mate, but a rank can only go down if you get s*** of your rank and when that happens you go back all the way to Omega.
She answers him.
He looks over his shoulder to his parents and the male nods his head in encouragement, Alpha Amarah, do you think I am to young to start training? He asks and when ---- he tells her he is nine after she asks for his age, she smiles at him.
I think your training should have started a year ago, but I already know from Theseus that this is something that needs to change.
We will be doing a lot the way it is done in White Crescent Pack and one of them is a change in training.
Next week we will start with a new schedule for training and I know it will take some getting used to, but I also know it will be a change for the better.
She answers him.
He gives her a beaming smile before he rushes back to his parents and I already hear a few of our older Pack- members mumble, but I don't care.
We talked about it a lot and we both know my Pack lacks in a lot of departments and we need to work hard to get to the same level.
Son, we need to talk.
My Father says and I turn to look at him as I say, Dad, I will see you tomorrow morning at ten in the Pack-house of White Crescent and your old leadership has to attend as well.
He shakes his head and tells me we need to talk in private.
Dad, anything you have to tell me can be done tomorrow morning in front of everyone.
We will be meeting in Amarah's office at ten, dont be late.
I tell him as I look into his eyes and he knows he better not cross me.
I feel Amarah behind me before I feel her hand on my arm and I look at her with a huge smile on my face.
Ready to head home, my Alpha.
I say and I hear a soft ---- growl come from my Father.
Amarah ignores him as she nods her head and I decide to annoy the hell out of my Father by pulling her against my body, kissing her deeply as she wraps her arms around my neck.
I slowly break the kiss to look into her eyes and whisper, I love you, my Alpha.
My Father doesnt respond but I can tell he is pissed off and I smile at Amarah as I guide her away from the Pack-house.
I can't wait for tomorrow to come, I want to hear what my Father has to say.
Sorry, Alpha Theseus.
I got caught up in my work and thought I would only be a minute late.
I hear Ademus say before he runs into view and the moment his eyes land on Amarah he stops dead in his tracks.
F***, you are even more beautiful in person.
He says.
Amarah giggles at his words as Linus growls in his direction, Calm down.
Linus.
I am not that stupid, I like breathing.
Ademus says.
Hello, Ademus.
It is nice to meet you in person, we are heading back to White Crescent territory.
Why don't you join us? There are a few things I would like to ask you and we can do that during dinner.
Amarah responds.
Does he know that Ajax found his Mate? She asks me and I chuckle as I realize that not one of my leadership informed their parents.
Xanthos parents are not here as they traveled to their Daughter's Pack to see their first Grandpup, but the rest of them have their parents here.
I think it has to do with everything we found out and we have all been asking ourselves the same question, why ---- didnt they question my Father on the way he ran the Pack? We were unable to answer it ourselves, but I hope we will get a better understanding of the situation tomorrow.
We raach the Dack-ehaieca in time far dinnar and ac wa
###Chapter 102
---- We reach the Pack-house in time for dinner and as we walk into the dining room I see Ajax staring at his baby Brother.
Ademus walks over to his Brother and I hear him chuckle as he looks from Ajax to lone, Still holding a grudge, Bro.
Ademus says.
During dinner Amarah asks Ademus a few questions about himself, his interests and his job and even though no one else realizes it I get this feeling she is interviewing him for a position within our Pack.
Halfway through dinner Joseph and Inti run into the dining room, Sorry, Mom.
We lost track of time with Pappi and Nanna.
Josehp says as he crawls onto her lap.
Inti joins his Mother and Doc as Ademus stares at Joseph, Hi, Ademus.
They adopted me.
Joseph says before he grabs my fork and starts eating.
Linus pushes forward and leans towards him as he softly growls, That is my food, my Little Wolf.
Joseph looks up at him and with a smile on his face he says, But you are already big, Dad.
I still have to grow.
Amarah starts laughing and before I can say anything else Delia shows up, Here, Little Wolf.
A plate all for yourself.
And Joseph places my fork back as he turns on his Mom's lap, Thank you, Luna Delia.
He says before he digs in.
---- The rest of dinner is spend with explaining a lot of things to Ademus and after dinner we sit down in the living room to explain a few more things to him.
Delia walks in to get Joseph to put him to bed and she tells us to take our time, that she will stay with him until we get upstairs.
After that Ajax finally explains why he hadn't joined us today and I am surprised to hear his Mother tried to force him to take a chosen Mate.
His parents are fated Mates and that means she knows that a fated Mate is so much more than a chosen Mate.
We take about the Competition and I find out that most Pack-members watched as many matches as they could, but that my Father had pulled the plug during every one of Amarahs matches.
But dont worry, I made sure everyone could watch them.
I figured he wouldn't like them watching any of White Crescents matches.
Ademus says smiling.
He asks us about Joseph's situation and when I explain what I saw during the videocall he looks stunned, but hearing what happened after that makes him smile.
He had never taken a liking to Penelope, but he never wanted to tell any of us why he didn't like her.
Before I can ask him about it he starts telling us something didn't feel right about Damien and Penelope being fated Mates, but he hadn't been able to figure out what it was.
It wasn't after Joseph was born that he found out he had been right, Penelope had tried to come on to him and he had told her bluntly No way in hell.
---- He never said anything because it would have been a he said, she said situation and he didn't think it had been worth the hassle.
If I had known how it would influence Joseph I would have said something, but I never saw either one of them mistreat him.
He says.
Amarah tells him that it worked out in the end and that we don't blame him for keeping quiet about it.
She tells him about Joseph's first shift and how he helped us mark the borders, Griffin has already asked if he can help mark the entire territory when we are going to mark every border.
She says with a smile on her face.
I watch her face light up as she talks about Joseph and Griffin and anyone can tell that she loves them whole heartedly, she would give her life for them.
She looks so beautiful as she describes the color of Griffin's fur and the twinkle in her eyes when she mentions him standing on Linus back.
Linus still gets nerves to think about what Griffin did, but Amarah had been right he could handle himself.
Linus had been so worried he would hurt himself, but everything had been fine and he had enjoyed helping us mark the borders.
He knew how important it had been for Asteria and Inti to get them marked properly and he had double checked if we hadn't missed a spot.
He had asked his Mom how marking a border worked and why it was so important.
He doesn't want to be an Alpha, but he would have made a damn good one.
###Chapter 103
---- Amarah I want to kill that f*** Idiot for endangering the lives of Asteria and Inti, but also for endangering the lives of our Pack-members.
Does he really think we will hand over Asteria without putting up a fight? She is mated to one of our Pack-members for Goddess sake and he just betrays them.
Melia tells me through the mind-link to inform the Council and hope they are willing to send some help our way.
Well, if they dont I might have to call in a favor from Evander and Conri and I have a feel they will come running.
They always kept in touch with Dad after they joined the Council and I hope that when they settle things with their Mate they might decide to settle down here.
Ademus is talking to Theseus as we walk towards the Pack-house and I use that opportunity to call the Council.
I explain everything to them and they thank me for keeping them safe, Council-member Armas tells me he will send Captain Armand and his team to help out.
I am grateful we get the chance to have dinner in peace and even enjoy a nice talk among friends, a few hours after Delia took Joseph upstairs I get a link from one of my Warriors.
Khonsu is at the gate of Dark Mountain Pack and demands that we hand over Asteria.
We run at full speed back to Dark Mountain territory and even though I cant see them I know Evander and Conri are close by.
Theseus is growling at the male near the ---- gate and I place my hand on his back to calm him down, lam Alpha Khonsu of Little Crescent Pack and I demand you give me my Luna back.
He shouts I look at the male in front of me and I know one thing for sure, he is no Alpha.
I am Alpha Amarah and this is Alpha Theseus, we will not give into your demand.
Asteria has found her second chance Mate and they have marked one and other.
I say, causing Khonsu to roar.
I also know that Inti is the rightful heir to Little Crescent Pack and I doubt any of his Pack-members will accept you as their Alpha.
You don't even feel like an Alpha to me, so why do you call yourself Alpha? I ask him and he roars again, looks like I am annoying him.
You are no Alpha, you are a female.
He growls in my direction and Linus roars as he steps in front of me, My Mate is an Alpha and if you insult her again I will rip your f*** head off.
Linus takes a small step back, but not enough to allow me to see Khonsu.
I step to the side to be able to look around Linus and Khonsu takes that as his cue to lunge at me, but he hadn't counted on Linus keeping his word.
He grabs Khonsu by the throat and tosses him against a tree a few feet away, Linus stays within our borders to make sure it is clear that Khonsu is provoking us.
He doesn't have many males with him, but they seem determent to help Khonsu get what he is after.
I see movement behind them and for a moment I fear there ---- might be more of them, but then I see Evander stepping from behind some bushes with his Brother.
Six bulky Lycans stand next to one and other as a young female shoves two of them aside, they quickly move behind her and it looks like they are ready to kill anyone that looks at her in the wrong way.
Khonsu tells them he has every right to claim his Mate back, but the female just shakes her head.
What my Little Mate is trying to tell you is that you will never lay a hand on Luna Asteria again.
Conri growls and she looks up at him with a pout.
What is it, Little One? He asks and she says that she had hoped he would have asked her why she was shaking his head.
Evander decides to humor their Mate and asks her the question she had been hoping for, I was shaking my head, because I know that you will not breath long enough to get out of here.
That is what I was planning on telling him.
She says as she looks up at Evander.
Khonsu looks at her and asks her if she has lost her mind, she knocks on her head before she says, No, according to Yade it is all still in there.
I see a few more males appear from the bushes and soon Khonsu and his men are surrounded.
It looks like he has a death wish as he charges at me again, but this time Linus has really had enough of the Idiot and before anyone can respond Linus rips his head off.
The males try to get away by attacking everyone around them, but it is of no use and soon all of them are ---- dead.
I see Conri and Evander checking the female over and she gets a very annoyed look on her face, I already told you I am fine, I have no injuries.
Which f*** part of that sentence was unclear to the two of you? She growls at the two Lycans.
###Chapter 104
---- Theseus gasps as she is growling at them and I have to stifle a smile, I might be pregnant, but that doesn't mean I lost my brain.
I can take care of myself and if you keep annoying me like this I will ask your Mom to kick your a***.
Both males pale as she mentions their Mother and I am laughing my a*** off.
Hello, Alpha Amarah.
I am Umayza and unfortunately those two Morons are my Mates.
She says as she winks at us and then she turns to Theseus, Alpha Theseus, you have one hell of a Mate, lets hope you don't piss her off.
She says before she looks over her shoulders at her Mates.
What, did all of you leave your good manners behind at Silver Lotus Pack? She says and I hear Linus deep laugh as Theseus shakes his head.
By the time I turn my attention towards the bodies there aren't any to find and I see six Wolves emerged from the bushes.
One of them shifts back to tell Umayza that the bodies are taken care of, she nods at her as she turns back towards her Mates and the both wrap their arms around her.
All of us start laughing as she mumbles, Watch the Pups, Giants.
Conri introduces the others to me and ---- Theseus and tells us they would like to talk to us as soon as we have time for them.
Conri, first thing in the morning we will make time for you.
Right now, I want to go home and kiss our Son goodnight before I am going to crash in our bed.
It has been a long and tiering day with more downs than ups and I want to call it a day.
Theseus says.
I feel more relaxed the moment I step into our Quarters and I smell the scent of my Little Wolf.
Delia asks if everything worked out fine and she sighs in relief as we tell her Khonsu will never bother anyone again.
I watch as Theseus kneels down next to Joseph's bed and places his head on his back near his neck to inhale his scent.
Joseph stirs a little but he doesnt wake up and I cuddle him after Theseus has gotten up of the floor.
I wrap my arms around him and lift off his bed to take him with me, Sorry, my Alpha.
I just need him close right now.
I say and I can tell he is glad I grabbed him.
I wanted to do the same thing, but wasn't to sure if you would appreciate it.
He answers and I tell him when it comes to our Pups he can never go wrong.
Theseus is the first to head for the bathroom and I hold Joseph in my arms until he comes back.
I places our Son next to his Dad and make my way over to the bathroom to get ready for the night.
Once I am done I walk over to the bed to find my Mate fast asleep with our Son in his arms, I quietly crawl into bed to ---- snuggle close to my Son and my Mate.
Someone placing feather light kisses on my face pulls me from my sleep and I slowly open my eyes to meet those of my Son, Goodmorning, Mom.
Did Griffin bring me here? He doesn't remember if he did.
Josehp whispers and I tell him I took them here.
I needed you close after last night.
I am not going to tell you the details, but I will tell you that no one will come for Inti and his Mom ever again.
He nods his head before he snuggles into my side and I look at my Mate over his head with a smile on my face.
Goodmorning, my Alpha.
You were asleep fast last night.
I say to him and he tells me he only sleeps this good with me or the both of us in bed with him.
He wraps his arms around both of us and as we just lay there my mind starts to wander.
How did I get so lucky to find this amazing Mate of mine or this little male that is snuggled up between us? I never thought I would get this after Damien rejected me, especially not after all the years that had passed without finding my second chance Mate.
I know Theseus waited for a second chance Mate longer then I did and he never gave up hope, I am not sure if I could have waited that long.
I know that years from now I will look back on this time with a smile on my face, I will never be able to forgive what Damien did to me and I hope I never have to see him again.
---- Theseus pulls me from my thoughts as he says it is time to get some breakfast before we meet with Evander and Conri, I want to talk to them before I have to talk to my Father and I want to thank them for their help last night.
He says and Joseph asks me who they are.
Evander and Conri grew up in this Pack and with their Father the only Lycans we had in our Pack, but they work for the Council now.
I answer him and I hear him whisper Lycans in excitement.
###Chapter 105
---- Theseus We have just finished breakfast when six Lycan males walk in and the female is with them as I had suspected, I dont think she would stay at home if they asked her.
Amarah and I already discussed their possible reason for this meeting and we came to the conclusion they want to settle down in our Pack.
I can feel that Joseph is getting restless and when I look at him I see that Griffin is at the surface, It's okay, Griffin.
They are friends, they work for the Council and two of them grew up here as Mom already explained to you.
I say, but it doesnt seem to put him at ease.
Hello, Little Wolf.
My name is Umayza.
I know your Human is named Joseph, but what is your name? She asks him and Griffin gives her his name without hesitation, Well, Griffin it is nice to meet you.
Did you enjoy watching your Mom's match against Alpha Ajani? She asks.
Griffin asks her how she knew he was there and he smiles when she tells him she was more interested in watching him than his Mom, That was until she decided to choke the air out of his Wolf, that was so amazing to see.
She says and Griffin is nodding his head up and down.
She introduces Griffin to each of the males and he stares at Armand when she says that he is Captain of the Squad, Wow, you are a Squad Captain.
He says and he asks Armand how long he has been working for the ---- Council, his jaw dropping when Armand tells him for nearly a hundred years.
F***, that old.
Umayza exclaims and Griffin is giggling at her words.
Little Ghost, you better watch that mouth of yours.
He playfully growls at her, Or what..
You are going to tell my Mates, you do remember I have the upper hand here as I can threaten them with Mama.
She shoots back and I see her Mates bury their faces in their hands.
Griffin is watching intently as the banter goes back and forth, he grabs Umayzas hand to get her attention and he asks, You know he is a Lycan, right.
Doesn't he scare you? And to everyone's surprise both of them start laughing.
It is one of his men that provides the answer, I am the tallest and the strongest, but that little spitfire has taken me by surprise twice already.
Griffin looks up at him and mutters F*** before he looks the male in his eyes, he is about 6"5 and that makes him just as tall as I am.
Griffin looks at Umayza as if he doesn't believe the male and she tells him how she managed to surprise him both times.
Why does he call you Little Ghost? Griffin asks and I look at the males to see that it is something best kept from common knowledge.
Well, I work for the Council and our King and I can get answers no one else can get.
My Dad was an Assassin and he taught me everything I need to stay out of sight, to be able to enter or exit places without anyone ---- noticing me.
There is something else too, but I am no allowed to talk about it as it might put my life or that of others around me in danger.
She answers.
I can see that Griffin is giving control back to Joseph, Thank you for being honest with me and my Wolf, Little Ghost.
He says before he walks back to the table, Come on, Aunt Eos.
You told me you would show me the training grounds.
He says as he is pulling her arm.
Eos, take Pappi with you.
I need you to be back here at ten, Pappi can look after the boys.
I say and she nods her head as she gets out of her seat.
Pappi follows them with Inti beside him and both boys seem excited to go to the training grounds.
Amarah and I guide our guests to the Alpha office and our Betas and Gammas follow behind them.
According to Amarah this was something the entire leadership needed to have a say in and after she explained to me why I had agreed with her, another thing on my list for my Father to answer.
Once everyone is seated I ask Conri why they wanted to talk to us, but it is Umayza that answers, Before you can make a decision about our request you need to know an important piece of information.
I am the Niece of former Luna Calliope of Night Shade Pack.
She says.
I had heard of her, but never had any dealings with her and I don't understand why it is important to know who her family is.
Do you have the gift of perception? Amarah asks and the entire room goes quiet, Amarah ---- quickly explains what the gift is about.
Yes, I have the gift.
However, I never used it for my own personal gain as Calliope did and I don't tend to use it for my own gain.
Unless of course it happens by accident.
She says before she tells us what happened a few years ago.
###Chapter 106
---- I can see the wheels turning in Amarahs head and I decide to give her some time to sort her thoughts out.
Umayza, that doesn't bother any of us.
So what is your request? I ask and as we predicted they ask permission to settle down in our territory.
Umayza explains it won't just be Captain Armand and his Squad, but also her family and her protection detail, Ma and Asilda would like to start a daycare for Pups with the possibility for the Pups to spend the night if it is necessary.
She says and I actually think it would be a great addition to the Pup-center.
lone asks her a few questions about the daycare and it seems they have been discussing it in detail.
lone takes notes as Umayza and Orion are explaining the plans and I have this feeling the plans will be ready before they have moved into our territory.
Amarah has her attention back on the conversation as she asks if it is possible for them to make it a daycare for the High-ranking Pack-members, I know this might sound a bit strange, but the reason I ask is that our Pups need a little more protection then other Pups and with the design you described I think that would be a great ---- solution for all of us.
I dont want them to think I am forcing their hand, if this is not what they want I will try to find another solution.
Amarah says and I actually agree with her.
Orion is the one that tells us not to worry about it, that Ma and Asilda will actually like this idea knowing there is a Pup- center in the territory.
Just as we are about to end the meeting Amarah asks Umayza if she can do us a favor and I am stunned at the request she places in front of her, but Umayza accepts it whole heartedly.
There is a knock on the door just before it opens and Nestor walks in with Simon right behind him I watch as they leave the office and after the door closes l ask Amarah to explain her request to the others, she nods her head as she sits down on the couch.
She tells us what had been running through her mind the more she had heard from us about my Father.
I am not saying that he was plotting against Theseus, but I need to be sure there is no threat from his side.
Why did he hide so many things that could have made a strong Pack, but why didn't he hide the terrible finances from Theseus? She asks out loud.
Amarah had asked Ademus last night to sit in on our meeting with my Father and his leadership and he looks at her as she is asking her questions, He knew you would be able to rebuild the finances, something he was incapable of and that is why he never hid any of it.
---- Ademus responds.
Okay, that would make sense.
I say.
But why would he want to weaken the Pack? It is silent for a while as we all try to make sense out of it, but no matter what I do I can't seem to make heads or tails out of it.
A knock on the door pulls me from my thoughts and Ajax gets up to open the door.
Eos greets him as she walks in followed by my Father and his leadership and Atlas and his leadership, Amarah and I sit in front of her desk on a couch and the rest of the room has been filled with extra chairs, some of the furniture that belongs here has been moved to the side to accommodate all of us.
Everyone is facing us and I see a strange look on my Father's face when he notices that Ademus is present as well.
Dad, you wanted to say something yesterday, why don't you tell us what it is you wanted to say.
I look him in the eyes as I am talking to him.
Son, I think that we should wait until we are home and it is just the two of us.
He replies and I shake my head at him, Dad, I am home.
I don't keep secrets from my Mate and from this day on I will no longer keep things to myself that concern our Pack, our leadership will always know everything that goes on with the Pack.
Have you lost your mind, Theseus? I taught you that you are the Alpha and that means that you call the shots and you alone.
You dont owe your Beta, Gamma or Delta an explanation for anything you do or want to do.
---- He yells at me, but I dont respond as I feel Amarahs hand on my knee.
Damon, I would appreciate it if you could try to control your anger.
Theseus is just informing you of the changes we will be making, whether you like it or not.
We are not asking for your permission.
Amarah says and I see a smile on Atlas face.
###Chapter 107
---- Amarah At least now I know for sure he kept his leadership at armlength on purpose, he believed that as an Alpha you are a dictator and he had hoped Theseus would turn out just like him.
Thank the Goddess my Mate has a brain of his own and he knows how to use it.
Theseus and I Had decided to give Umayza some time and started out with explaining everything we have planned so far.
I am not moving into that new Pack- house, I have no intention on moving to the Alpha floor here.
Damon growls as I bring up the new Pack-house.
Damon, there won't be an Alpha floor in the new Pack- house.
The top floor will be for the entire leadership and last time I checked you were no longer an Alpha.
I state as I look at him.
He growls again as he asks where he is supposed to live.
Well, you and your Mate can chose to take a cottage or you can take a family-room on the second or third floor of the new Pack-house or the Hospital.
I answer and Apollo's Father asks me which Hospital I am talking about, We will remodel the old Pack-house of Dark Mountain Pack to a Hospital, the plans will be available for all to see by tomorrow.
But just to make it clear only the second and third floor of the Hospital be for Pack-members that want to stay there, everyone else is more than welcome in the new Pack-house or to request a cottage.
I explain and again Damon is blowing up.
---- Dad looks strangely at me as I let Damon rant and rave, but I don't pay attention to it and finally he settles back into his chair.
Theseus explains the changes to the training schedule and to the border patrols and again Damon is ranting and raving, but this time Dad has had enough.
Sit the f*** down, Damon.
Or I will put you in your place.
Dad roars and I just smile as Damon quickly sits down.
Theseus continues to explain everything and I see Damon's former Beta and Gamma staring at Theseus, they really are at a loss here.
The moment Theseus is done I address both males, I see that this is all somewhat confusing to the two of you, I understand that it doesnt make sense to either of you why we would rely on our leadership and I know it is something neither one of you was ever taught.
A Pack is as strong as its leadership, in order for us to be able to do our jobs correctly we need to be able to rely on our Beta and Gamma.
A Betas job is to support his or her Alpha and to help him or her make decisions that will benefit the Pack, not just the Alpha.
My Beta and Gamma know exactly how our Pack is doing financially and physically and so do my Deltas.
If for whatever reason I am unable to run my Pack my Beta can take over without any problems and she will have my Gamma and Deltas to help her.
I explain and I see both of them nodding their heads.
Thank you, Alpha Amarah.
I appreciate the explanation, ---- but why do you both need to keep your leadership? Ajax's Father asks and I glance at Ajax who just shrugs his shoulders.
"Not only because I trust them with my live or that I know they will have this Packs best interest at heart, but also because they are mated to Theseus leadership.
I reply.
He turns around in his seat to look at Ajax and I see him smile as he sees lone on his lap, Still not happy with your Mother, Son? He asks teasingly before he congratulates both of them and he asks me if it wouldn't be better to just use my own leadership.
We could do that, but than we have to make sure they have Pups real soon so they can become stay at home Dads.
I say and Theseus looks at me with a smirk on his face, What? I ask him.
You can already become a stay at home Dad, after all we already have a Pup to look after.
I say and he kisses me to shut me up.
We have been here for an hour when there is a knock on the door and Umayza walks in with her Mates right behind her, My apologies, Alphas.
I think you all would like to know what I have discovered.
She says as she looks at Damon and I have a feeling he might need some protection from Theseus.
My Mates will make sure you walk out of here in one piece and breathing, but other than that I will make no promises about your well-being.
She says as she looks at Damon.
Your Mate is already under surveillance and will be tossed into the dungeons if Alpha Theseus requests it.
---- Alphas, you asked me to find out what Damon has been up to and I can tell you it is not a very pretty picture.
First of all, Joseph isnt Damien's Son but his.
She says as she points at Damon.
I will not tell you what I saw in regards to how he was conceived, just know that Damien has known even before Joseph was born.
###Chapter 108
---- Damien can't reproduce and Penelope asked Damon to give her a Pup, which we all know he did.
Damien also knew that your Father only gave you the position of Alpha to rebuild the Packs finances, other than that he never wanted you in that position and it has to do with the fact that you are nothing like your Father.
She says and she nods at her Mates.
Both of them move closer to Damon and I ask myself what could be worse than what she has already told us, This piece of information will cause a lot of turmoil in this room and I asked the rest of the Squad to join us, my Mates just want to make sure that the Pups and I will be safe.
She says as the other three Lycans step into the room.
Umayza walks towards the window with the biggest Lycan behind her, Alpha Theseus, what I am about to say will affect you the most and I hope Alpha Amarah will be able to keep you calm, but those two Lycans are here to make sure you don't kill anyone.
She says as she is looking out the window.
Damon really didnt want you as the Alpha and he really hated White Crescent Pack, he hoped to be able to destroy you and White Crescent Pack with one action.
---- Unfortunately for him you didnt respond the way he had hoped and the rest of his plan failed as well, even though I have no answer as to why.
Damon watched White Crescent patrol to find a flaw and when he found it he paid some Rogues to kill your first Mate.
I hear Linus roar and I jump onto his lap, wrapping my arms around him as I whisper in his ear, I am right here.
It is a struggle to calm him down, but I know of a way to succeed lone, make sure no one else can see what I am going to do.
I dont care about the Lycans, but I don't want the rest to see.
I link her and she asks Evander and Conri to move Damon to the back of the room before she calls everyone else over to look at the plans for the Pack- house and Hospital.
Linus is still trying to push out of the chair, but the two Lycans keep him in place and I start grinding my hips.
Both males look in the other direction and I feel a change in Linus breathing as I suck on my mark, making him put all of his focus on me.
Are you okay, Linus? I ask him and it takes a moment before he responds, Yes, Little One.
Thank you for getting my mind of him, I didnt realize I had such a naughty Mate.
He says with a chuckle.
I can tell he still wants to make Damon pay, but at least he has calmed down enough for the Lycans to let him go.
Umayza, is there anything else I need to know? I hear Theseus ask and he actually laughs when she says that ---- Damon had planned on leaking the Pack's weak spots to Alphas that didnt want Theseus as Alpha of Dark Mountain Pack, Too bad I already asked Eos to mess with his phone.
He says.
Your Mother probably knows everything, I asked Simon to keep a close eye on her.
She knows that Joseph is Damors Son, they even planned on getting rid of you and Damien so they could raise Joseph to lead the Pack the way they want him to.
She says.
Good thing our Son doesn't want to become an Alpha, he wants to become a Warrior and I believe he will be a damn good Warrior one day.
I say as I look at Damon.
He is staring daggers at me and Umayza, but neither one of us gives a damn.
Umayza, thank you for helping us with this and I am sorry for everything you had to see.
I say as her Mates escort Damon out of my office and I know I don't have to tell them where the dungeons are, after all they grew up here.
Theseus is still holding onto me and I rest my head on his shoulder as I wrap my arms around his waist.
We just sit there in silence as the others talk about the new Pack-house, pointing out things on the plans lone made and her Father in law tells her he is proud of her.
Joseph crawls onto my lap and snuggles into our arms, not saying a word as he looks at the current and former leaders of our Pack.
We still have a lot of work ahead of us, but I know we will get to where we need to be and with my Mate and ---- my Son by my side I am ready to face any challenge life throws at me.
